THE
PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS
AND GENERAL SYNOD MEASURES
1972
with
Lists of the Public General Acts
and Local Acts
and a Table of the Effect of Legislation
and an Index
[IN THREE PARTS]
PART I
---
LONDON
HER MAJESTY'S STATIONERY OFFICE
1973
£18-25 net
(for three parts)
HER MAJESTY'S STATIONERY OFFICE
Government Bookshops
49 High Holborn, London WC1V 6HB
13a Castle Street, Edinburgh EH2 3AR
109 St. Mary Street, Cardiff CF1 1JW
Brazennose Street, Manchester M60 8AS
50 Fairfax Street, Bristol BS1 3DE
258 Broad Street, Birmingham B1 2HE
80 Chichester Street, Belfast BT1 4JY
Government publications are also available
through booksellers
SBN 11 840114 9 *
C
The Public General Acts
and General Synod Measures
which received the Royal Assent in 1972
in which year ended the TWENTIETH
and began the TWENTY- FIRST YEAR
of the Reign of HER MAJESTY
QUEEN ELIZABETH THE SECOND
and
ended the Second Session
and began the Third Session
of the Forty- Fifth Parliament of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland
Printed by C. H. BAYLIS, C.В.
Controller of Her Majesty's Stationery Office and
Queen's Printer of Acts of Parliament
e
CONTENTS
PART I
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1972
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1972
...
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1972
...
TABLE IV : Chronological List of the Church Assembly Measures of 1972
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1972, cc. 1-46
INDEX to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures of 1972
Page
g
k
m
0
1
CCV
PART II
TABLE I: Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1972
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1972
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1972
...
TABLE IV: Chronological List of the Church Assembly Measures of 1972
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1972, cc. 47-64
INDEX to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures of 1972
Page
g
k
m
0
943
ccv
PART III
Page
TABLE I : Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1972
TABLE II : Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1972
...
TABLE III : Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1972
TABLE IV: Chronological List of the General Synod Measures of 1972
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1972, cc. 65-80
THE GENERAL SYNOD MEASURES OF 1972, Nos. 1-5
TABLE V: Tables of the Derivations of the Consolidation Acts of 1972
TABLE VI : Effect of Legislation
INDEX to the Public General Acts and General Synod Measures of 1972 g
k
... m
0
1889
2529
...
xlv...
i
CCV
g
TABLE Ι
Alphabetical List of
the Public General Acts of 1972
Administration of Justice ( Scotland ) Act ( c. 59)
Affiliation Proceedings (Amendment) Act (c. 49)
...
Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (c. 62 )
... ...
Airports Authority Act (c. 8)
... ... ... ... ...
Appropriation Act (c. 56 )
Part Page
II 1714
II 1157
II 1829
I 47
II 1569
Betting and Gaming Duties Act (c. 25 )
I 388...
British Library Act ( c. 54 ) ... ... 1558
II
Carriage by Railway Act (c. 33) Children Act ( c. 44 )... ... Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons ( Scotland) Act ( c. 51) Civil Evidence Act ( c. 30 ) Civil List Act (c. 7) I 501
I 817.. ...
II 1178
I 471
I 40..
Companies (Floating Charges and Receivers) (Scotland ) Act
( c. 67 ) III
... 1915
Consolidated Fund Act ( c. 13) I... ... 116
Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act (c. 23) I... ... ... 386
Consolidated Fund ( No. 3) Act (c. 78) ... 2523...
...
..
III
Contracts of Employment Act (c. 53) II 1539... .. ...
Counter- Inflation ( Temporary Provisions) Act (c. 74 ) III 2505...
Criminal Justice Act (c. 71) III 2439... ... ...
Defective Premises Act (c. 35) I 526... ... ... ... ...
Deposit of Poisonous Waste Act ( c. 21) I
... ... ... 373
Electricity Act (c. 17 ) I... ... ... ... ... 128
Employment Medical Advisory Service Act (c. 28) I 457
... ...
European Communities Act (c. 68) ... ... ... ... 1947III
h Alphabetical List
Field Monuments Act ( c. 43) Finance Act (c. 41)
...
Part Page
I 812
I 561
Gas Act (c. 60)...
II 1717
Harbours Development (Scotland ) Act ( c. 64 ) ... ...
Harbours (Loans) Act ( c. 16 ) ... ... ... ...
Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Act (c. 29) ... ...
Horserace Totalisator and Betting Levy Boards Act (c. 69) ...
Housing Finance Act ( c. 47) . ... ...
Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland) Act (c. 46 ) ...
Industry Act (c. 63) ... ...
Iron and Steel Act (c. 12 ) ... ...
II 1887
I 125
I 469
III 1984
II 943
I 823
III 1861
I 114
Island of Rockall Act (c. 2 ) I 3
Land Charges Act (c. 61) ...
Legal Advice and Assistance Act (c. 50) .. Local Employment Act (c. 5) Local Government Act ( c. 70 ) ...
III 1805
II 1161
I 11
III 1989
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act (c. 18) I 133
..
Matrimonial Proceedings ( Polygamous Marriages ) Act ( c. 38)
Mineral Exploration and Investment Grants Act (c. 9)
Ministerial and other Salaries Act (c. 3)
I 552
I 49
I 4
Museums and Galleries Admission Charges Act (c.73) III 2503
National Debt Act (c. 65 ) National Health Service ( Family Planning) Amendment Act
( c. 72 ) National Health Service (Scotland ) Act ( c. 58) National Insurance Act (c. 57 ) ... ...
National Insurance ( Amendment) Act (c. 36 ) ...
National Insurance Regulations ( Validation) Act (c. 4 ) ...
Northern Ireland Act (c. 10) ...
Northern Ireland ( Border Poll) Act (c. 77) ... ...
Northern Ireland ( Financial Provisions) Act (c. 76 ) ..
Northern Ireland (Temporary Provisions) Act (c. 22 ) ...
III 1889
III 2501
II 1645
II 1621
I 532
I 10
I 51
III 2520
III 2518
I 380
Overseas Investment and Export Guarantees Act (c. 40 ) ...
I 557
Parliamentary and other Pensions Act (c. 48) II 1123... ...
Pensioners and Family Income Supplement Payments Act
( c. 75 ) ...
III 2513
Pensioners' Payments and National Insurance Contributions
Act (c. 80) III 2526...
Alphabetical List i
Performers' Protection Act (c. 32 )
Poisons Act (c. 66 )
Police Act (c. 39 )...
Post Office ( Borrowing) Act (c. 79) ... ..
... .. ... ...
... ... ... .. ... ...
Road Traffic Act (c. 20 )... ... Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act ( c. 27)
..
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act (c. 37 )
Sierra Leone Republic Act (c. 1)
Social Work (Scotland) Act (c. 24)
Sound Broadcasting Act ( c. 31)
...
Sri Lanka Republic Act ( c. 55)
Summer Time Act (c. 6 )
... ... ..
Sunday Cinema Act (c. 19 )
...
Sunday Theatre Act (c. 26 )
...
Superannuation Act ( c. 11)
... ...
... ... ... ...
... ... ... ...
..
... ... ...
Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act ( c. 42) ...
Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act (c. 52) ...
Trade Descriptions Act (c. 34 ) .. ... ...
Trading Representations ( Disabled Persons) Amendment Act
( с. 45 ) ...
Transport ( Grants) Act ( c. 15 ) ... ... ... ...
Transport Holding Company Act ( c. 14 ) ...
Part Page
I 497
III 1901
I 556
III 2524
I 183
I 447
I 534
I 1
I 387
I 477
II 1567
I 38
I 180
I 445
I 53
I 785
II 1179
I 523
I 819
I 123
I 117
k
TABLE II
Chronological List of
the Public General Acts of 1972
Chapter
Part Page
1 Sierra Leone Republic Act
... 1
I
2 Island of Rockall Act I 3
.. ... ...
3 Ministerial and other Salaries Act I 4
... ... ...
4 National Insurance Regulations (Validation) Act I 10...
*5 Local Employment Act... ... ... ... I 11
*6 Summer Time Act ... ...
I 38
7 Civil List Act... ... ... ... ... I 40
8 Airports Authority Act ... ...
I 47
9 Mineral Exploration and Investment Grants Act I 49
...
10 Northern Ireland Act I
... ... 51
11 Superannuation Act I 53
... ... ... ...
12 Iron and Steel Act I
... ... ... ... ... 114
... ... ... ... ... 13 Consolidated Fund Act I
116
14 Transport Holding Company Act... ... ... I 117
15 Transport (Grants) Act I
... ... ... ... 123
16 Harbour (Loans) Act I
... ... 125
17 Electricity Act I 128
... ... ...
18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act I 133
...
19 Sunday Cinema Act I 180
*20 Road Traffic Act I
.. 183
21 Deposit of Poisonous Waste Act I 373
.. ..
22 Northern Ireland (Temporary Provisions) Act I 380...
23 Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act I 386
.. ... ...
24 Social Work (Scotland ) Act ... ... ... ...
I 387
* 25 Betting and Gaming Duties Act... I 388
... ...
26 Sunday Theatre Act ... ... ... ... ...
I 445
27 Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act I 447
... ... ...
28 Employment Medical Advisory Service Act I 457..
29 Harbours, Piers and Ferries ( Scotland) Act ...
I 469
30 Civil Evidence Act ... ...
...
...
I 471
31 Sound Broadcasting Act ... ... ... ...
I 477
32 Performers' Protection Act ... ...
I 497
33 Carriage by Railway Act
... ... ... ...
I 501
34 Trade Descriptions Act
... ... ...
I 523
* Consolidation Act.
1 Chronological List
Chapter Part Page
35 Defective Premises Act I 526... ... ...
36 National Insurance (Amendment) Act I 532... ...
37 Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act I 534
...
..
38 Matrimonial Proceedings ( Polygamous Marriages) Act I 552
39 Police Act I 556... ...
40 Overseas Investment and Export Guarantees Act I 557
...
41 Finance Act I 561... ...
42 Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act I 785...
43 Field Monuments Act ... ... ...
I 812
44 Children Act I 817
45 Trading Representations ( Disabled Persons) Amend-
ment Act I 819...
46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act I 823
...
47 Housing Finance Act .. ... ... ...
II 943
48 Parliamentary and other Pensions Act ... II 1123...
49 Affiliation Proceedings (Amendment ) Act II 1157...
50 Legal Advice and Assistance Act II 1161
51 Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons (Scotland) Act II 1178
*52 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act II 1179
... ...
*53 Contracts of Employment Act ... ...
II 1539
54 British Library Act II 1558... .. ...
55 Sri Lanka Republic Act ... ... ...
II 1567
56 Appropriation Act II 1569
57 National Insurance Act ... ...
II 1621
58 National Health Service ( Scotland ) Act II 1645..
59 Administration of Justice (Scotland) Act II 1714
..
60 Gas Act II 1717
... ..
*61 Land Charges Act II 1805
62 Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act II 1829
... ...
63 Industry Act II 1861
64 Harbours Development (Scotland ) Act... II 1887
* 65 National Debt Act III 1889
66 Poisons Act III 1901
67 Companies (Floating Charges and Receivers) (Scotland)
Act III 1915
68 European Communities Act III 1947
69 Horserace Totalisator and Betting Levy Boards Act III 1984
...
70 Local Government Act III 1989
71 Criminal Justice Act ..
III 2439
72 National Health Service (Family Planning ) Amendment
Act III 2501
73 Museums and Galleries Admission Charges Act III 2503
...
74 Counter-Inflation (Temporary Provisions )Act
III 2505
75 Pensioners and Family Income Supplement Payments
Act III 2513
... ...
76 Northern Ireland (Financial Provisions) Act III 2518
... ...
77 Northern Ireland (Border Poll) Act III 2520
... ...
78 Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act III 2523
79 Post Office ( Borrowing) Act .. ...
III 2524
80 Pensioners' Payments and National Insurance Con-
tributions Act III 2526
...
...
...
* Consolidation Act.
m
TABLE III
Alphabetical List of
the Local and Personal Acts of 1972
Chapter No.
Aberdeen Harbour Confirmation Act
lii
Anglesey Marine Terminal Act..
li
Bath Corporation Act...
... ... ...
xxii
Bath Side Bay Development Act
...
xxxvi
British Railways Act
...
XXXV
British Transport Docks Act...
...
xxxvii
Clyde Port Authority Order Confirmation Act
... ..
i
Clyde River Purification Board Act... ... V
Congregational Chapel and Trust Property Deptford Act...
xiv
Cornwall River Authority Act... ... ... ...
...
xxviii
Coventry Corporation Act... xxix
Culag (Lochinver) Pier Order Confirmation Act ..
xix
Derby Corporation Act... .. .. xxxi
Devon County Council Act... XXX
Devon River Authority ( General Powers) Act... xxxviii
Dundee Extension Order Confirmation Act... xlviii
Essex River Authority Act xxxix
Friends of the Clergy Corporation Act... xxxii
Greater London Council (General Powers) Act.. xl
Greater London Council (Money) Act
... .. xxvii
..
Hampshire County Council Act... ... xlvii
Kensington and Chelsea Corporation Act... xxxiii
Killingholme Generating Station ( Ancillary Powers) Act.. XXV
Liverpool Corporation Act... xli
Lloyds & Bolsa International Bank Act vi
London Transport Act... ... ... xlii
... ..
Mersey Tunnel Act ...... ... .. ... ... xvi
... ...
Milford Docks Act... ... ... xliii
n Local and Personal Acts
Chapter No.
Neath Corporation Act vii...
New Zealand and Australian Land Company Limited Order Con-
firmation Act ii...
Oxford Corporation Act... ... ... xxxiv
Oxfordshire and District Water Board Act... X
Port Talbot Corporation Act
..
xlix
Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund Act
xxi
Reigate Congregational Church Act...
xii
Royal Bank of Scotland Limited Widows' and Orphans Fund Order
Confirmation Act...
XV
Saint Andrews, Hove, Churchyard Act
ix
Scrabster Harbour ( Vehicle Ferry Terminal &c.) Order Confirmation
Act liii
Seaham Harbour Dock Act xvii
Selnec ( Manchester Central Area Railway, &c .) Act Solihull Corporation Act xi
Stoke on Trent Corporation Act Stromness ( Vehicle Ferry Terminal) Pier &c. Order Confirmation ActXX
Sunderland Corporation Act xxiii
Thames Barrier and Flood Prevention Act Thames Conservancy Act ... xlvi
...
United Kingdom Oil Pipelines Act xliv
iii
xlv
viii
United Reformed Church Act xviii
University of London Kings' College (Lease) Act
Upper Avon Navigation Act
iv
xxiv
West Sussex County Council Act
1...
Westminster Abbey and Saint Margaret Westminster Act
Whitley Bay Pier (Extension of Time) Act xxvi
xiii
0
TABLE IV
Chronological List of
the General Synod Measures of 1972
Measures passed by the General Synod of the Church of England
which received the Royal Assent during the year 1972
No. 1 . Admission to Holy Communion Measure.
No. 2. Repair of Benefice Buildings Measure
No. 3. Benefices Measure
No. 4. Deaconesses and Lay Ministry Measure
No. 5. Clergy Pensions ( Amendment) Measure
1
PENSE
SINOH
ETMONDRO
THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1972
Sierra Leone Republic
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 1
An Act to make provision as to the operation of the law
in relation to Sierra Leone as a republic within the
Commonwealth. [ 10th February 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1) All law to which this section applies, whether being a Operation of
rule of law or a provision of an Act of Parliament or of any existing law.
other enactment or instrument whatsoever, which was in force
on 19th April 1971 , or, having been passed or made before that
date, comes or has come into force thereafter, shall, unless and
until provision to the contrary is made by Parliament or some
other authority having power in that behalf , have the same
operation in relation to Sierra Leone, and persons and things
belonging to or connected with Sierra Leone, as it would have
apart from this subsection if Sierra Leone had not become a
republic.
( 2) This section applies to law of, or any part of , the United
Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man and, in
relation only to any enactment of the Parliament of the United
Kingdom or any Order in Council made by virtue of any such
enactment whereby any such enactment applies in relation to
Sierra Leone, to law of any other country or territory to which
that enactment or Order extends .
A
2 Sierra Leone Republic Act 1972
c . 1
Short title.
( 3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as enabling
Her Majesty to entertain any appeal from a court or judge in
Sierra Leone, other than an appeal from a decision given before
19th April 1971 in respect of which the Privy Council have juris-
diction according to the law of the Republic of Sierra Leone.
( 4 ) This section shall be deemed to have had effect from 19th
April 1971 .
2. This Act may be cited as the Sierra Leone Republic Act 1972.
c. 2 3
PENSE
DIEUETMON DRO
Island of Rockall Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 2
An Act to make provision for the incorporation of that
part of Her Majesty's Dominions known as the Island
of Rockall into that part of the United Kingdom known
as Scotland, and for purposes connected therewith .
[ 10th February 1972]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. As from the date of the passing of this Act, the Island of Incorporation
Rockall (of which possession was formally taken in the name of Rockall
into the United
of Her Majesty on 18th September 1955 in pursuance of a Royal Kingdom as
Warrant dated 14th September 1955 addressed to the Captain part ofthe
of Her Majesty's Ship Vidal) shall be incorporated into that County of
part of the United Kingdom known as Scotland and shall form Inverness.
part of the District of Harris in the County of Inverness , and
the law of Scotland shall apply accordingly.
2. This Act may be cited as the Island of Rockall Act 1972. Short title.
4 c. 3
New and
altered
salaries.
1965 с. 58.
DIEUETEMON DROIT
SINOH
PENSE
Ministerial and other Salaries
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 3
AnAct to make new provision as to the salaries payable to
the holders of Ministerial and other offices, and for
purposes connected therewith. [10th February 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, in lieu of the
salaries provided for by the Ministerial Salaries Consolidation
Act 1965-
( a ) there shall be paid to the holder of any Ministerial office
specified in Schedule 1 to this Act such salary as is
provided for by that Schedule ; and
( b) there shall be paid to the Leaders and Whips of the
Opposition such salaries as are provided for by Schedule
2 to this Act.
( 2 ) There shall be paid to the Lord Chancellor a salary (which
shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of
the United Kingdom ) at such rate as together with the salary
payable to him as Speaker of the House of Lords will amount
to £20,000 a year, but so that the salary payable to a Lord
Chancellor under this subsection shall be abated by the amount
of any pension payable to him in respect of any public office in
the United Kingdom or elsewhere to which he had previously
been appointed or elected.
( 3) There shall be paid to the Speaker of the House of Commons
a salary (which shall be charged on and paid out of the Con-
solidated Fund of the United Kingdom) of £13,000 a year ;
Ministeria ! and other Salaries Act 1972 5
c. 3
and on a dissolution of Parliament the Speaker of the House of
Commons at the time of the dissolution shall for this purpose
be deemed to remain Speaker until a Speaker is chosen by the
new Parliament.
( 4 ) Her Majesty may from time to time by Order in Council
substitute another figure for that given by subsection ( 2) or (3)
above or by Schedule 1 or 2 to this Act as the annual amount,
or as the case may be the maximum or minimum annual amount,
of any salary ; but no recommendation shall be made to Her
Majesty to make an Order in Council under this subsection
unless a draft of the Order has been approved by resolution of
each House of Parliament or, if it relates only to the salary to be
paid to the Speaker of the House ofCommons under subsection (3)
above, by resolution of that House.
( 5 ) The provisions of the Ministerial Salaries Consolidation 1965 c. 58.
Act 1965 which are set out in Schedule 3 to this Act, with the
changes necessary to relate them to this Act and with new
66
definitions of Parliamentary Secretary " and " Assistant
Opposition Whip ", shall have effect as there set out.
( 6 ) In the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 1957 c. 20
there shall be made the following amendments consequential
on the foregoing provisions of this section : -
( a ) in section 13(1), in the definition of " Minister of State "
( as amended by the said Act of 1965 ) for the words
" section 7(1)(b) of the Ministerial Salaries Consolidation
Act 1965 " there shall be substituted the words " para-
graph 3( 1 )(b) of Schedule 3 to the Ministerial and other
Salaries Act 1972 ", and after that definition there shall
be inserted-
" " Parliamentary Secretary ' includes a person
holding Ministerial office (however called) as assistant
to a Member of Her Majesty's Government in the
United Kingdom, but not having departmental
responsibilities ; "
( b) in Schedule 2, for the entries between " Financial
Secretary to the Treasury " and " Junior Lord of the
Treasury " there shall be substituted-
" Parliamentary Secretary in a Government depart-
ment other than the Treasury, or not in a department. "
and the enactments mentioned in Schedule 4 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in column 3 of the
Schedule.
( 7 ) This section shall have effect from the beginning of April
1972.
2. This Act may be cited as the Ministerial and other Salaries Short title.
Act 1972.
A3
6 Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1972
c. 3
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
MINISTERIAL SALARIES
Office
PART I
Prime Minister and First Lord of the Treasury... ... Chancellor of the Exchequer... ... ... ...
Secretary of State... ...
Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food
Any of the following offices for so long as the holder is a
member of the Cabinet :-
( a ) Lord President of the Council
( b ) Lord Privy Seal
(c ) Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster
( d ) Paymaster General
(e) Chief Secretary to the Treasury
PART II
Any ofthe offices listed at ( a ) to (e ) in Part I above for so
long as the holder is not a member of the Cabinet
Minister of Posts and Telecommunications
Minister of State...
... ...
...
Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury... ... ...
Financial Secretary to the Treasury
PART III
Salary
£
20,000
13,000
7,500-
9,500
Attorney General
Lord Advocate...
Solicitor General...
Solicitor General for Scotland
14,500
... 11,000
11,000
7,750
PART IV
Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen- at- Arms
Parliamentary Secretary other than Parliamentary Secre-
6,500
5,500
tary to the Treasury
Captain of the Queen's Bodyguard ofthe Yeomen ofthe
Guard 5,000
Treasurer of Her Majesty's Household... ...
...
Lord in Waiting... ... ... ... ... ... 4,500
Comptroller of Her Majesty's Household
Vice-Chamberlain of Her Majesty's Household... ..
Junior Lord of the Treasury ... ... ... ...
Assistant Whip, House of Commons... ...4,000
Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1972 7
c. 3
PART V
1.- (1) The salary to be paid to the holder of any office mentioned
above in this Schedule shall be of the annual amount stated in relation
to that office in column 2 or, as the case may be, of such annual amount
not more than the upper figure or less than the lower figure so stated
as the First Lord of the Treasury may determine.
( 2 ) The date on which the holder of any office listed at (a) to (e)
in Part I above becomes or ceases to be a member of the Cabinet
shall be notified in the London Gazette, and any such notification
( whether before or after the passing of this Act ) shall be conclusive
evidence for the purposes of this Schedule.
2. In the case of the following offices a salary may be paid to more
than one holder of the office at the same time, subject to the limitations
expressed below, that is to say: -
( a ) Secretary of State, so long as not more than 19 salaries are
paid at the same time in accordance with Part I above ;
( b ) Minister of State, so long as not more than 46 salaries are
paid at the same time in accordance with Parts I and II above ;
( c ) Parliamentary Secretary other than Parliamentary Secretary to
the Treasury, so long as not more than 30 salaries are paid
at the same time;
( d ) Junior Lord of the Treasury, so long as not more than 5
salaries are paid at the same time;
(e ) Assistant Whip, House of Commons, so long as not more
than 7 salaries are paid at the same time;
( f) Lord in Waiting, so long as not more than 5 salaries are paid
at the same time.
SCH. 1
SCHEDULE 2
OPPOSITION LEADERS AND WHIPS
PART I
Position
In the House of Commons-
Leader of the Opposition
Chief Opposition Whip
Assistant Opposition Whips
In the House of Lords-
Leader of the Opposition
Chief Opposition Whip
Salary
£
9,500
7,500
4,000
3,500
2,500
PART II
1. The salary to be paid to any of the persons mentioned above in
this Schedule shall be of the annual amount stated in relation to that
person in column 2.
2. In the case of the Assistant Opposition Whips in the House of
Commons, salaries may be paid to not more than 2 at the same time.
A 4
8 Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1972
c. 3
SCH. 2
1965 с. 58 .
3. No salary shall be payable in accordance with this Schedule to a
person who is in receipt of a pension under section 3(1 ) (past Prime
Ministers) of the Ministerial Salaries Consolidation Act 1965.
SCHEDULE 3
PROVISIONS RE- ENACTED FROM PREVIOUS ACT
Opposition Leaders and Whips
1 .- (1) In this Act " Leader of the Opposition " means, in relation
to either House of Parliament, that Member of that House who is
for the time being the Leader in that House of the party in opposition
to Her Majesty's Government having the greatest numerical strength
in the House of Commons ; and " Chief Opposition Whip " means, in
relation to either House of Parliament, the person for the time being
nominated as such by the Leader of the Opposition in that House;
and " Assistant Opposition Whip ", in relation to the House of
Commons, means a person for the time being nominated as such, and
to be paid as such, by the Leader of the Opposition in the House of
Commons.
( 2 ) If any doubt arises as to which is or was at any material time
the party in opposition to Her Majesty's Government having the
greatest numerical strength in the House of Commons, or as to who is
or was at any material time the leader in that House of such a party,
the question shall be decided for the purposes of this Act by the
Speaker of the House of Commons, and his decision, certified in
writing under his hand, shall be final and conclusive.
( 3 ) If anydoubt arises as to who is or was at anymaterial time the Leader
in the House of Lords of the said party, the question shall be decided
for the purposes of this Act by the Lord Chancellor, and his decision,
certified in writing under his hand, shall be final and conclusive.
Provision against duplicate salaries
2. A person to whom any salary is payable under section 1 (1 ) of
this Act shall be entitled to receive only one such salary, but if he is
the holder of two or more offices in respect of which a salary is so
payable and there is a difference between the salaries payable in
respect of those offices, the office in respect of which a salary is payable
to him shall be that in respect of which the highest salary is payable.
Provisionfor payment ofsalaries
3.- (1) The salaries payable under section 1(1)( a ) of this Act shall
be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament and, in the case of
those payable in respect of the following offices, that is to say-
( a ) Treasurer, Comptroller and Vice-Chamberlain of Her Majesty's
Household; and
( b) Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at- Arms,
Captain of the Queen's Bodyguard of the Yeomen of the
Guard and Lord in Waiting;
shall be paid out of moneys so provided as part of the expenses of the
Treasury.
Ministerial and other Salaries Act 1972 9
c. 3
( 2 ) The sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament in
respect of the salary of the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster
shall be reduced by the amount of the salary payable to him otherwise
than out of moneys so provided in respect of his office.
( 3) The salaries payable under section 1(1)( b ) of this Act shall be
charged on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United
Kingdom.
Interpretation
4.- (1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings
hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say: -
ود
" Junior Lord of the Treasury means any Lord Commissioner
ofthe Treasury other than the First Lord and the Chancellor
of the Exchequer ;
" Minister of State " and " Parliamentary Secretary " have the
same meanings as in the House of Commons Disqualification
Act 1957.
( 2 ) The amount specified in this Act as being the amount of any
salary payable thereunder out of moneys provided by Parliament
shall be taken to be the maximum amount so payable, and accordingly,
notwithstanding the provisions of this Act as to any such amount,
the salary so payable in any year in respect of any office may be of
a less amount than that so specified.
Transitional
5. Any Minute of the Treasury regulating the remuneration of the
Law Officers of the Crown which is in force at the end of March 1972
shall have effect as if the relevant salary stated in Schedule 1 to this
Act were substituted for the salary specified in the Minute.
SCHEDULE 4
REPEALS
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
2 & 3 Will. 4. The House of Commons The whole Act.
c. 105.
1965 с. 11.
( Speaker) Act 1832.
The Ministerial Salaries
and Members' Pensions
Act 1965.
1965 с. 58 .
The Ministerial Salaries
Consolidation Act 1965 .
1965 с. 61 . The Judges' Remunera-
tion Act 1965 .
Section 3.
Section 20(1) .
Schedule 4, so far as unrepealed.
The whole Act, except-
section 3 ;
section 6;
section 7(3) with the omission
of the words preceding
" any pension " ;
section 9( 3) ;
and section 10.
Section 2(1) .
In section 4(1) the words " and
2(1) ", and in section 4(2) the
words " or section 2(1 ) " .
SCH. 3
1957 с. 20.
10 c .4
Validation.
1965 с. 51 .
Short title
and extent.
GHONIS
DIEUET MON DROL
OPENSE
National Insurance
Regulations ( Validation)
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 4
An Act to validate part of the National Insurance
( Earnings-related Benefit) Regulations 1966.
[ 10th February 1972]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1. The provision purporting to have been made in the National
Insurance (Earnings-related Benefit ) Regulations 1966 under
section 114(5) of the National Insurance Act 1965 by the Minister
of Pensions and National Insurance shall have, and be deemed
to have had, effect as if made by the National Insurance Joint
Authority.
2.- (1) This Act may be cited as the National Insurance
Regulations (Validation) Act 1972 .
( 2) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
c. 5 11
XPENSE
IEUETMON DROIT
Local
1972 CHAPTER 5
An Act to consolidate, with certain exceptions, the
Employment
Act 1972
provisions of the Local Employment Acts 1960 to
1971 . [ 10th February 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Development areas and intermediate areas
1 .- (1) For the purposes of this Act the Secretary of State Designation
may by order specify any area of Great Britain as-
ofdevelopment
( a) a development area ; or
areas and
intermediate
( b) an intermediate area.
areas.(2) The areas to be specified under this section as develop-
ment areas shall be areas where, in the opinion of the Secretary
of State, special measures are necessary for the purpose of
encouraging the growth and proper distribution of industry ;
and, in exercising his power to specify areas as aforesaid, the
Secretary of State shall have regard to all the circumstances
actual and expected, including the state of employment and
unemployment, population changes, migration and the objectives
of regional policies .
(3) The areas to be specified under this section as intermediate
areas shall be areas where, in the opinion of the Secretary of
State-
( a ) special measures are necessary for the purpose of
encouraging the growth and proper distribution of
industry ; but
(b ) the economic problems are not so acute that the powers
conferred by this Act in relation to development areas
c. 5
12 Local Employment Act 1972
1948 с. 46.
1965 с. 59.
1968 с. 16.
1952 с. 54.
1961 с. 65.
1957 с. 38.
only (in addition to those conferred in relation to both
development areas and intermediate areas) need to be
available for that purpose to be achieved.
( 4) An order under this section may describe a development
area or intermediate area by reference to employment exchange
areas, that is to say, areas for which an employment exchange
has been established for the purposes of the Employment and
Training Act 1948 ; and any reference in such an order to a
named employment exchange area shall be construed as a
reference to that area as it exists on the date on which the order
comes into force.
(5) In this Act any reference to a development area shall have
effect as if there were included in the development area any
relevant locality outside that area as respects which the Secretary
of State and the Treasury are satisfied that it ought to be treated
as if it were so included by reason of the fact that-
( a) its population will be, or is being, increased by migration
from one or more specific places in the development
area ; and
( b) the increase will be substantial in relation to the original
population of the locality ;
and the Secretary of State shall give notice in such manner as
appears to him appropriate of the localities as respects which he
and the Treasury are for the time being satisfied as aforesaid.
( 6 ) The localities relevant for the purposes of subsection (5)
of this section are-
( a) any area which has been designated under the New
Towns Act 1965 or the New Towns (Scotland) Act
1968, or any enactment repealed by either of those
Acts, as the site of a new town ;
( b ) any locality which, in relation to the development area
or to that area and any other place, is a receiving
district within the meaning of the Town Development
Act 1952 or falls to be treated as such a receiving
district by virtue of an order under section 34 of the
Housing Act 1961 ;
( c ) any burgh or county the council ofwhich are, in relation
to the development area or to that area and any other
place, a receiving authority within the meaning of
Part II of the Housing and Town Development (Scot-
land ) Act 1957 .
(7) Where, by an order under this section, the Secretary of
State specifies as an intermediate area an area which, immedi-
ately before the order was made, was a development area in
which any locality fell to be included by virtue of subsection (5)
of this section, that locality shall be treated for the purposes of
this Act as included in the specified area.
c. 5
Local Employment Act 1972 13
Powers for provision of employment
2.-( 1 ) The powers conferred by sections 3 to 6 of this Act Purpose for
shall be exercisable, with due regard to the proper diversification which powers
exercisable
of industry, for the purpose of providing for the benefit of any and advisory
area in relation to which the powers are exercisable employment committee.
appropriate ( having regard to the circumstances of the area
generally and of any particular description of persons therein)
to the needs of the area.
( 2 ) In determining whether and in what manner to exercise
his powers under sections 3, 4 and 5 of this Act for the benefit
of any area in relation to which the powers are exercisable,
the Secretary of State shall have regard-
( a) to the relation between the expenditure involved and
the employment likely to be provided ; and
( b) to any consequential effect on employment in any other
part of that area and in any other development area
or intermediate area.
( 3) For the purposes of this Act there shall be an advisory
committee appointed by the Secretary of State; and the Secre-
tary of State may pay to the members of the committee such
allowances as he may with the consent of the Minister for the
Civil Service determine.
3.- ( 1 ) For the purpose mentioned in section 2(1) of this Building
Act the Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Treasury grants.
and after consultation, if he sees fit, with the advisory committee,
make grants to persons carrying on, or proposing to carry on,
undertakings in any development area or intermediate area
towards the cost of providing in the area buildings or extensions
of buildings to be occupied by the undertakings .
( 2 ) The amount of any grant to be made towards the cost
of providing a building or an extension of a building under
this section shall be the appropriate proportion, as stated in
the following provisions of this section, of the relevant expendi-
ture ; and that expenditure shall be so much of the expenditure
incurred in providing the building or extension as the Secretary
of State may approve for the purposes of the grant :
Provided that the grant may be of an amount less than that
proportion in any case where it appears to the Secretary of State
that the employment likely to be provided as a result of the
expenditure so incurred and any associated expenditure does
not justify a grant equal to the appropriate proportion.
( 3) The appropriate proportion for this purpose is-
( a ) twenty- five per cent. of the relevant expenditure in the
case of a building or extension in an intermediate
area ; and
c. 5
14 Local Employment Act 1972
( b) thirty- five per cent . of the relevant expenditure in the
case of a building or extension in a development area ,
plus, in either case, a further ten per cent . of the relevant
expenditure, where it appears to the Secretary of State that the
application for the grant is made for the purpose of setting up
an undertaking in the area in circumstances which justify the
giving of special assistance under this section.
( 4 ) In this section, references to buildings include references
to structures ; and, for the purposes of this section, a building
may be provided by the adaptation of an existing one, and a
building or extension of a building by the purchase of a new
one, that is to say, one not previously occupied.
(5) Where a building or extension of a building constructed
with a view to being let to another person includes special
features at the request of that person, and he is required to pay
a capital sum in consideration thereof, this section shall have
effect as if that sum were expenditure incurred by him in
providing the building or extension.
(6) Where at any time a development area becomes an inter-
mediate area, it shall be treated as if it were still a development
area for the purpose of determining the amount of any grant
to be made under this section on an application received by the
Secretary of State before that time, or in respect of expenditure
any part of which was incurred by the applicant under a
contract entered into before that time ; and where at any time
an intermediate area becomes a development area, it shall be
treated as if it were still an intermediate area for the purpose
of determining the amount of a grant under this section in the
following circumstances-
( a) in the case of a grant in respect of the provision of a
building or extension by purchase, if the contract to
purchase was entered into before that time, or if
before that time any work on providing the building
or extension was done on the site with a view to
occupation by the applicant for the grant or, if the
applicant is a member of a group, by any other member
of that group ;
( b) in the case of a grant made by virtue of subsection (5)
of this section, if any work on including the special
features in the building or extension was done before
that time ; and
( c) in the case of any other grant, if any work on providing
the building or extension was done on the site before
that time by or on behalf of the applicant for the
c. 5
Local Employment Act 1972 15
grant or, if the applicant is a member of a group, by
or on behalf of any other member of that group.
( 7) For the purposes of subsection (6) of this section, a group
consists of a body corporate together with all other bodies
corporate which are its subsidiaries within the meaning of
section 154 of the Companies Act 1948 ; and in that subsection 1948 c. 38.
references to development areas and intermediate areas include
references to parts of development areas and intermediate areas.
( 8) In making a grant under this section the Secretary of
State shall impose such conditions ( which may include conditions
for repayment in specified circumstances) as he thinks fit for
securing that the building or extension will continue to serve the
purpose mentioned in section 2(1) of this Act.
4.-( 1 ) Where, in accordance with recommendations of the General
advisory committee, the Secretary of State is satisfied as respects power to
make loans
any undertaking carried on, or proposed to be carried on, in a and grants
development area-
andto acquire
( a) that it is expedient for the purpose mentioned in sec-
shares.
tion 2( 1 ) of this Act to exercise his powers under this
section; and
( b) that there are good prospects of the undertaking
ultimately being able to be carried on successfully
without further assistance under this section,
the Secretary of State may agree with the person carrying on, or
proposing to carry on, the undertaking to give assistance under
this section for the purposes of the undertaking.
( 2) Assistance under this section may be given-
(a ) where the person carrying on, or proposing to carry
on, the undertaking is a company incorporated in the
United Kingdom-
(i ) by making loans or grants ;
(ii) by subscribing for or otherwise acquiring
shares or stock in the company ;
( iii ) by a combination of the methods mentioned in
sub- paragraphs ( i ) and (ii) of this paragraph ;
( b) in any other case, by making loans or grants .
( 3) A grant may be made under this section in respect of
expenditure incurred outside a development area in connection
with the transference of any undertaking to a development area.
( 4 ) Assistance under this section shall be of such amounts and
shall be given on such terms and conditions as may be recom-
mended by the advisory committee and specified in the agree-
c. 5
16 Local Employment Act 1972
Provision
of premises
and sites.
ment made with the person to whom the assistance is given ; and
those terms and conditions may include-
( a) in the case of a grant, conditions for repayment in
specified circumstances ;
( b) in the case of a loan to a company incorporated in the
United Kingdom, terms providing for the indebtedness
to the Secretary of State to be discharged by the issue
of shares or stock in the company.
( 5 ) In recommending the terms and conditions on which
assistance under this section should be given, the advisory
committee shall act in accordance with general directions given
to them by the Secretary of State with the consent of the
Treasury.
5.- (1 ) For the purpose mentioned in section 2( 1) of this
Act the Secretary of State shall have power, in order to provide
or facilitate the provision of premises in any development area
or intermediate area for occupation by undertakings carried on
or to be carried on there or for otherwise meeting the require-
ments of such undertakings (including requirements arising from
the needs of persons employed or to be employed therein) -
( a) to acquire land by agreement or, if so authorised, com-
pulsorily ;
( b) to erect buildings and carry out works on land belonging
to the Secretary of State ;
( c ) by agreement with the persons interested in any other
land, to erect buildings and carry out works on the
land on such terms ( including terms as to repayment of
expenditure incurred by the Secretary of State) as may
be specified in the agreement.
( 2) The Secretary of State shall not acquire under this section
any buildings other than industrial buildings except for
redevelopment or as part of a larger property which in the
opinion of the Secretary of State would be incomplete without
them.
Removal and
resettlement
of workers.
6.-(1 ) Subsection (2) of this section shall have effect for
assisting the transfer of persons from employment in an under-
taking, wherever carried on, to employment in an undertaking
( in this section referred to as " the new undertaking ") which is
being established in a development area or intermediate area by
way of extension of or in connection with, or by way of transfer
of the whole or part of, the first -mentioned undertaking or which,
having been so established, is being extended in the development
area or intermediate area in question.
c. 5
Local Employment Act 1972 17
( 2) If on an application in that behalf as respects any person
the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is expedient for the
purpose mentioned in section 2(1) of this Act to exercise his
powers under this subsection, and that the exercise thereof will
facilitate the establishment or extension of the new undertaking,
he may for the purposes of section 5 of the Employment and 1948 c. 46.
Training Act 1948 (payments towards cost of removal and
resettlement of workers and their dependants and towards their
maintenance and welfare in the course of their removal pending
their resettlement) treat-
( a ) the said person's becoming employed in the new under-
taking as if it were the obtaining of employment ; and
( b ) the said person's ceasing to be employed in the new
undertaking as if it were the coming to an end of
employment, notwithstanding that he ceases to be so
employed in order that he may continue in employment
elsewhere.
Powers for contributing to development of industry
7.-( 1 ) Where it appears to the Minister in charge of any Improvement
government department that adequate provision has not been of basic
made for the needs of any development area or intermediate services.
area in respect of a basic service for which the department is
responsible, and that it is expedient with a view to contributing
to the development of industry in that area that the service should
be improved, he may with the consent of the Treasury make
grants or loans towards the cost of improving it to such persons
and in such manner as appear to him appropriate.
( 2) In this section " basic service " means the provision of
facilities for transport ( whether by road, rail, water or air) or of
power, lighting, heating, water, or sewerage, and sewage disposal
facilities, or any other service or facility on which the develop-
ment of the area in question, and in particular of industrial under-
takings therein, depends.
( 3) The powers conferred by this section are in addition to any
other powers of a Minister of the Crown to make grants or
loans.
8.-( 1 ) Where in the case of any land in a development area Derelict land.
or intermediate area-
( a ) it appears to the appropriate Minister that the land is
derelict, neglected or unsightly ; and
( b) it appears to the Secretary of State for Trade and
Industry that it is expedient with a view to contributing
to the development of industry in that area that steps
should be taken for the purpose of enabling the land (in
c. 5
18 Local Employment Act 1972
1947 с. 43.
this section referred to as the derelict land ") to
be brought into use or of improving its appearance,
the powers conferred by subsections ( 2) and (3) of this section
shall be exercisable by the Secretary of State for Trade and
Industry and the appropriate Minister respectively.
( 2 ) The Secretary of State for Trade and Industry may
acquire by agreement or, if so authorised, compulsorily the
derelict land and any other land the acquisition of which is
reasonably required for the purpose mentioned in subsection
( 1)(b) of this section, and carry out on the derelict land and
any other land such work as appears to him expedient for
that purpose.
( 3) The appropriate Minister may with the consent of the
Treasury make grants, in such manner as appears to him to be
requisite for the purpose mentioned in subsection ( 1)(b) of this
section, to the council of the county, county borough or county
district in which the land in question is situated-
( a) towards the cost of the exercise of any power of the
council to acquire the derelict land or any other land ;
( b) towards the cost of the carrying out by the council for
that purpose of any work on the derelict land or on
any other land.
( 4 ) In this section-
" the appropriate Minister " means, as respects land in
England, in Scotland or in Wales, the Secretary of
State for the time being having general responsibility
in planning matters in relation to those countries
respectively ;
" land " includes land covered with water.
( 5 ) In the application of subsection (3) of this section to
Scotland for any reference to the council of the county, county
borough or county district in which the land in question is
situated there shall be substituted a reference to any local autho-
rity, as defined for the purposes of the Local Government ( Scot-
land) Act 1947, within whose area the land in question is
situated.
(6) Where the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry is of
opinion, with respect to any locality in Great Britain, that the
economic situation in the locality is such that the exercise, in
relation to land therein, of the powers conferred by the fore-
going provisions of this section would be particularly appro-
priate with a view to contributing to the development of industry
in the locality, he may by order specify it as a derelict land
c. 5
Local Employment Act 1972 19
clearance area, and those provisions shall have effect in relation
to land in a derelict land clearance area as they have effect
in relation to land in a development area or intermediate
area.
( 7) Section 1 (4) of this Act shall apply, subject to the necessary
modifications, to any order under subsection (6) of this section .
9.-(1 ) Where, in the case of land in an intermediate area Grants for
or derelict land clearance area- improvement
work on
( a ) the council of the county, county borough or county derelict iand
district in which the land is situated have carried out begun before
work on the land for the purpose of enabling it to be 5th March
brought into use or of improving its appearance ; and 1970 .
( b) it appears to the appropriate Minister that, before the
work was begun, the land was derelict, neglected or
unsightly ; and
( c ) it appears to the Secretary of State for Trade and
Industry that bringing the land into use or improving
its appearance has contributed or is likely to con-
tribute to the development of industry in the area,
then, provided that the work was begun on the land after 24th
April 1969 and before 5th March 1970, the appropriate Minister
may with the consent of the Treasury make grants to the
council-
(i) towards any cost incurred by the council in acquiring
the land, and any other land acquired by the council
for the purpose of enabling the first -mentioned land to
be brought into use or of improving its appearance ;
(ii) towards the cost of the carrying out by the council for
that purpose of any work on the first -mentioned land
or on any other land.
( 2) In this section " the appropriate Minister" and " land "
have the same meanings as in section 8 ofthis Act, and subsection
( 5) of that section shall apply to subsection ( 1) of this section
as it applies to subsection (3) of that section .
Industrial estates corporations
10.-( 1 ) There shall continue to be three corporations (being Constitution
the corporations established by section 8 of the Local Employ- of the
ment Act 1960) named the English Industrial Estates Corpora- corporations.
tion, the Scottish Industrial Estates Corporation and the Welsh 1960 c. 18.
Industrial Estates Corporation which shall be charged as respects
England, Scotland and Wales respectively with the exercise of
the functions conferred on them by the following provisions of
thisAct.
c. 5
20 Local Employment Act 1972
Functions
ofthe
corporations. 1960 с. 18. ( 2 ) Each of the corporations (in this Act referred to as an
" industrial estates corporation ") shall consist of a chairman
and four other members appointed by the Secretary of State,
and the members shall include a person appearing to the
Secretary of State to have adequate experience of industrial
matters, a person appearing to him to have adequate experience
in the organisation of workers, and one or more persons appear-
ing to him to have adequate experience in accountancy, building
or estate management .
( 3) The Secretary of State may by regulations make pro-
vision with respect to the appointment, tenure of office and
removal of members of an industrial estates corporation, the
manner of execution of instruments and of entering into con-
tracts by it and on its behalf, and the proof of documents
executed by it or on its behalf.
( 4) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect
in relation to the industrial estates corporations .
11.-(1) It shall be the duty of the industrial estates corpora-
tions to manage land leased to them under this Act by the
Secretary of State or vested in them by the Local Employment
Act 1960 (whether or not situated in a development area or
intermediate area) and, in accordance with directions of the
Secretary of State in that behalf, to do anything which is
required-
( a) in order to develop the land by the erection or extension
of buildings and the carrying out of works ;
( b ) in order to provide ( by letting or otherwise) premises
for the occupation of undertakings or for otherwise
meeting the requirements of undertakings (including
requirements arising from the needs of persons em-
ployed or to be employed therein) ; or
( c ) in order to provide means of access , services or other
facilities for meeting those requirements.
( 2 ) The power of the corporations to provide services or
other facilities for meeting the requirements of any undertaking
shall be exercisable whether or not the undertaking is carried
on on land leased from the corporations.
( 3) A direction may be given under subsection ( 1) of this
section that a corporation shall not provide services or facilities
except with the consent of , and in such manner as may be
determined by, the Secretary of State ; but this subsection shall
not apply to the provision of heat , light, power or water, or
the disposal of sewage and refuse, for meeting the requirements
of an undertaking carried on on land leased from the corpora-
tion.
c. 5
Local Employment Act 1972 21
( 4 ) Each of the corporations shall have power to provide, or
assist in the provision of, advisory services in relation to the
building of factories or the development or management of indus-
trial estates, but shall not exercise that power except with the
consent of, and in such manner as may be determined by, the
Secretary of State .
( 5) If it appears to the Secretary of State that an undertaking
is to be set up in a development area or intermediate area in
circumstances which justify the giving of special assistance, the
Secretary of State may authorise any of the corporations to
provide premises for the occupation of the undertaking free of
rent for such period as the Secretary of State thinks appropriate.
( 6 ) Where the Secretary of State is disposing of his interest
in any land of which an industrial estates corporation is a
tenant , the corporation shall comply with any direction of the
Secretary of State as to the assignment or surrender of the
corporation's interest.
( 7 ) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this
section, the Secretary of State may give general directions to an
industrial estates corporation as to the exercise of its functions ,
and in particular as to the location of head or branch offices
of the corporation.
(8) All receipts of an industrial estates corporation other
than-
( a ) receipts determined by the corporation in accordance
with any directions of the Secretary of State to be
required to be retained for meeting expenses properly
payable out of income ; and
( b) receipts of the Scottish Industrial Estates Corporation
on behalf of the Highlands and Islands Development
Board when acting as agent for that Board under
section 5(5) of the Highlands and Islands Development 1965 с. 46.
( Scotland) Act 1965,
shall be paid over to the Secretary of State .
(9) The expenses of an industrial estates corporation incurred
in the exercise of its functions under the foregoing provisions
of this section shall, except in so far as they are met out of
receipts of the corporation, be defrayed by the Secretary of State.
(10 ) Without prejudice to section 5(5) of the said Act of 1965,
an industrial estates corporation may act as agent-
(a ) for the Secretary of State, or for any other industrial
estates corporation, in the carrying out of any func-
tions of the Secretary of State or corporation under
thisAct;
c. 5
22 Local Employment Act 1972
1909 с. 47.
( b) for the Development Commissioners in the carrying out
of the functions of the Commissioners in relation to
applications for advances under Part I of the Develop-
ment and Road Improvement Funds Act 1909 and in
relation to the framing of schemes with respect to
any of the matters for which such advances may be
made ; or
( c ) for the Secretary of State in the execution of any work
in respect of which such an advance as aforesaid is
made to the Secretary of State.
Accounts and
12.-( 1 ) An industrial estates corporation shall keep proper
reports of the corporations.
accounts and proper records in relation to the accounts, and
shall prepare in respect of each financial year of the corporation
a statement of accounts in such form as the Secretary of State,
with the consent of the Treasury, may direct, being a form
conforming with the best commercial standards .
( 2) The accounts of an industrial estates corporation shall
be audited by auditors to be appointed annually by the Secretary
of State.
( 3) No person shall be qualified to be appointed under sub-
section (2) of this section unless he is a member of one or
more of the following bodies : -
( a ) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales ;
(b) the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland ;
(c) the Association of Certified Accountants ;
( d ) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland ;
( e) any other body of accountants established in the United
Kingdom and for the time being recognised by the
Secretary of State for the purposes of section 161 ( 1) (a)
1948 с. 38.
of the Companies Act 1948.
( 4 ) So soon as the accounts of an industrial estates corpora-
tion for any financial year have been audited, the corporation
shall send to the Secretary of State a report on the discharge
of its functions during that year and that report shall include
a copy of the statement of accounts for that year together with
a copy of any report made by the auditors on the accounts.
Powers in
relation to
Secretary of
State's land .
1960 с. 18.
Miscellaneous powers
13.-( 1) Where land acquired by the Secretary of State under
this Act, or vested in him in consequence of Part I of the
Local Employment Act 1960, is situated in a locality which
is not a development area or intermediate area, the Secretary
c. 5
Local Employment Act 1972 23
of State may exercise in relation to the land the following
powers, that is to say-
( a ) power to preserve and maintain the land and any
buildings or works on it, and to erect buildings and
carry out works on it ;
( b) where there are buildings on the land, power to acquire
by agreement other land contiguous or adjacent to it
for the purpose of erecting thereon extensions to those
buildings or of erecting thereon other buildings to be
used with the first -mentioned buildings as part of a
single undertaking ;
( c ) power to provide means of access, services and other
facilities for meeting the requirements of undertakings
carried on or to be carried on on the land (including
requirements arising from the needs of persons
employed or to be employed therein).
( 2) The Secretary of State may modernise, adapt or recon-
struct any buildings or other works on land acquired by him
under this Act, or vested in him in consequence of Part I of the
Local Employment Act 1960, and, where the execution of that 1960 с . 18.
work will interrupt the use of the buildings or works by any
undertaking, acquire other land by agreement, and erect build-
ings and carry out works on that other land, or on land previously
acquired by or vested in the Secretary of State as aforesaid, for
the purpose of providing premises for the occupation of that
undertaking or of otherwise meeting its requirements.
( 3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply
to land acquired by the Secretary of State under section 8 of
this Act so far as applicable to derelict land clearance areas,
but where land so acquired is situated in a locality which is not
a derelict land clearance area the Secretary of State shall have
power, so long as he owns the land, to carry out thereon such
work as appears to him expedient for the purpose of enabling so
much of the land as appears to him to be derelict, neglected or
unsightly to be brought into use or of improving its appearance,
with a view to contributing to the development of industry in
the locality in which it is situated.
14.-( 1) Where at any time a locality ceases to be a develop- Powers where
ment area, intermediate area or derelict land clearance area, locality ceases
the fact that it is no longer such an area shall not prejudice- tobe
development
(a) the completion by the Secretary of State of buildings or area,
works begun before that time in the locality under area or
intermediate
section 5 or 8 of this Act, or the exercise by the Secre- derelict land
tary of State in relation to land in that locality of his clearance
powers under either of those sections so far as may be area.
c. 5
24 Local Employment Act 1972
Additional
powers for
safeguarding loans.
Compulsory
purchase .
1946 с. 49.
1947 с. 42.
necessary for the purpose of fulfilling any agreement
entered into by the Secretary of State before that
time ;
(b) the making under this Act of any grant or loan or
the giving of assistance under section 4 of this Act
in any case in which an application for the grant ,
loan or assistance was received by the Secretary of
State (or the appropriate Minister for the purpose
of section 8) before that time ; or
( c ) the continued operation of any agreement relating to
any such grant, loan or assistance as is mentioned in
paragraph (b) of this section or of any other agreement
relating to grants or loans entered into under this Act.
( 2) In subsection ( 1) of this section " grant " does not include
a grant under section 3 of this Act but where at any time
a development area ceases to be such without becoming an
intermediate area, or an intermediate area ceases to be such
without becoming a development area, it shall be treated as
continuing to be a development area or, as the case may be,
intermediate area-
( a ) for the purpose of enabling grants to be made under
that section on applications received by the Secretary
of State before that time, or in respect of expenditure
any part of which was incurred by the applicant under
a contract entered into before that time ; and
( b ) for the purpose of the continued operation of any
agreement relating to any grant under that section.
In this subsection, references to development areas and inter-
mediate areas include references to parts of development areas
and intermediate areas.
15.-( 1 ) Where in the case of any undertaking a loan has
been made under this Act and the Secretary of State is satisfied,
in accordance with recommendations of the advisory commit-
tee, that with a view to enabling all or part of the moneys lent
to be recovered it is expedient to provide further financial
assistance for the purposes of the undertaking, the Secretary of
State may provide such further assistance of such amount and
on such terms and conditions as may be recommended by the
committee.
( 2) Section 4(5) of this Act shall apply in relation to recom-
mendations under this section.
Supplementary provisions
16.-( 1 ) Section 1 of the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation
Procedure) Act 1946 and section 1 of the Acquisition of Land
( Authorisation Procedure) ( Scotland) Act 1947 ( procedure for
compulsory purchase by local authorities and certain Ministers)
c. 5
Local Employment Act 1972 25
shall apply in relation to the compulsory purchase of land by the
Secretary of State under this Act.
( 2) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, where at the time
of publication in accordance with the provisions of the said Act
of 1946 or the said Act of 1947 of notice of the preparation
of a draft of a compulsory purchase order-
( a) land is in use for the purposes of any undertaking ; and
( b) that undertaking provides employment which is sub-
stantial having regard to the extent of the land used
for its purposes and the nature of the undertaking,
the Secretary of State shall not be authorised to acquire compul-
sorily the interest of the person carrying on the undertaking.
( 3) Any person duly authorised in writing by the Secretary
of State may, at any reasonable time, enter any land for the
purpose of surveying it in connection with the exercise of the
Secretary of State's powers under this Act to acquire land ;
and-
(a ) subsection ( 9) of section 280 and subsections ( 1) to ( 4 )
and (6) of section 281 of the Town and Country Plan- 1971 с. 78.
ing Act 1971 ; and
(b) subsections ( 4) to (7) and ( 9) of section 99 of the Town 1947 с. 53.
and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947,
( which provide for the giving of notice and the production of
authority to enter, for cases of obstruction, for safeguarding infor-
mation as to manufacturing processes and trade secrets, for com-
pensation for damage and for defining powers of survey) shall
apply in relation to this subsection as they apply in relation to the
said section 280 and the said section 99 respectively.
17.-( 1 ) In the light of the statements furnished to him under Secretary of
section 12( 4) of this Act, the Secretary of State shall prepare a State's
statement of accounts, in such form as the Treasury may direct , accounts and
showing the financial results for each financial year as respects_ reports.
( a) the activities of the Secretary of State in the execution
of this Act, other than activities in respect of grants ;
and
( b) the activities of all the industrial estates corporations.
( 2) The Secretary of State shall on or before 30th November
in each year transmit to the Comptroller and Auditor General
the statement of accounts prepared by the Secretary of State for
the financial year last ended for examination and certification
by him ; and copies of every statement of accounts of the Secre-
tary of State, together with the report of the Comptroller and
Auditor General thereon, shall be laid by the Secretary of State
before Parliament.
c. 5
26 Local Employment Act 1972
1947 с. 43.
1971 с. 78.
Orders and
regulations.
Transitional
provisions.
Expenses
and receipts. Interpretation.
1960 с. 18.
1966 с. 34.
( 3) As soon as may be after 31st March in each year the
Secretary of State shall prepare a report on the discharge of his
functions under this Act and under section 12( 4) of the Town
and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947 and section 67( 1 ) of
the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 and shall lay the
report before Parliament.
18.- (1 ) Any power conferred by this Act to make orders in-
cludes power to vary or revoke any order previously made
in the exercise of that power.
( 2) Any power conferred by this Act to make orders or regula-
tions shall be exercisable by statutory instrument subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parlia-
ment.
19. The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect
in relation to the matters there dealt with and, in so far as they
relate to section 3 of this Act, that section shall have effect
subject to those provisions .
20. Any expenses incurred by any Minister under this Act
shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and
any receipts of any Minister under this Act shall be paid into
the Consolidated Fund.
21.- (1) In this Act-
" the advisory committee " means the committee mentioned
in section 2(3) of this Act;
" derelict land clearance area" means an area specified as
such by an order under section 8( 6) of this Act ;
" development area " means, subject to subsection (5) of
section 1 of this Act, an area specified as such by an
order under that section ;
" financial year " means the period of twelve months begin-
ning with 1st April ;
" industrial building ", as respects England and Wales,
has the meaning assigned to it by section 66 of the
Town and Country Planning Act 1971 and, as respects
Scotland, has the meaning assigned to it by section 21
of the Local Employment Act 1960 and section 25
of the Industrial Development Act 1966 ;
" industrial estates corporation" has the meaning assigned
to it by section 10(2) of this Act ;
"
" intermediate area means, subject to subsection (7) of
section 1 of this Act, an area specified as such by an
order under that section ;
c. 5
Local Employment Act 1972 27
" undertaking " means any trade or business, or any other
activity providing employment.
( 2) For the purposes of this Act Monmouthshire shall be
deemed to be part of Wales.
(3) Except where the context otherwise requires, in this Act
any reference to any enactment shall be construed as a reference
to that enactment as amended, and as including a reference
thereto as extended or applied, by any other enactment.
22.- (1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 3 to this Act Consequential
shall have effect subject to the amendments there specified. amendments,
repeals and
( 2) The enactments specified in Schedule 4 to this Act are savings.
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule.
( 3) The repeal by this Act of any enactment shall not affect
the validity of any order, regulations, determination, appoint-
ment, consent, approval, direction, recommendation, agreement,
application or any other thing made, given or done under that
enactment, but any such thing shall be deemed for the purposes
of this Act to have been made, given or done under the
corresponding provision of this Act ; and anything begun under
any such enactment may be continued under the corresponding
provision of this Act.
( 4) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, any
reference in any document to an enactment repealed by this
Act shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be con-
strued as, or as including, a reference to this Act or the cor-
responding provision of this Act.
( 5) Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting
the general application of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 c. 63.
1889 with respect to the effect of repeals.
23.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Local Employment Short title,
Act 1972. commence-
ment and
( 2) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of the extent.
period of one month beginning with the day on which it is
passed .
( 3) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
c. 5
28 Local Employment Act 1972
Section 10. SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
INDUSTRIAL ESTATES CORPORATIONS
Incorporation
1. Each corporation shall be a body corporate with perpetual
succession and a common seal.
Members
2. Each corporation-
( a ) shall pay to each of its members, in respect of his office
as such, such remuneration (whether by way of salary or
fees) and such allowances as the Secretary of State may
with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service
determine in the case of that member ; and
( b) in the case of any such member as the Secretary of State
may with the approval of the Minister for the Civil Service
determine, shall pay such pension or make such payments
towards the provision of pensions to or in respect of
him as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the
Minister for the Civil Service determine.
3. The Secretary of State shall lay before each House of Parlia-
ment a statement of the remuneration and allowances that are or
will be payable to members of the corporations under paragraph 2
of this Schedule ; and, if any subsequent determination by the Secre-
tary of State under that paragraph involves any departure from the
terms of the said statement or if a determination by the Secretary of
State under that paragraph relates to the payment of , or to payments
towards the provision of , a pension to or in respect of any member
of any of the corporations, the Secretary of State shall, as soon as
possible after the determination, lay a statement thereof before each
House of Parliament.
Staff
4. Each corporation may, subject to any limit of numbers which
may be determined by the Secretary of State, employ such officers
and servants as appear to the corporation expedient for the exercise
of its functions.
5. Each corporation shall-
( a ) pay to its officers and servants such remuneration as the
corporation may, subject to any directions of the Secretary
of State, determine ; and
( b ) as regards any officer or servant in whose case it may be
determined by the corporation with the approval of the
Secretary of State so to do, pay to or in respect of him
such pension, or provide and maintain for him such
pension scheme ( whether contributory or not ), as may be
so determined.
Local Employment Act 1972 c5 29
6. Where any officer or servant of any of the corporations, being
a participant in any pension scheme applicable to his office or
employment, becomes a member of the corporation, he may be
treated for the purposes of the pension scheme as if his service as a
member of the corporation were service as an officer or servant
of the corporation, and his rights under the scheme shall not be
affected by any provision of this Act which requires that the
pensions to be paid, or payments towards the provision of pensions
to be made, in the case of members of any of the corporations
shall be determined by the Secretary of State with the approval of
the Minister for the Civil Service.
Proceedings
7. The procedure of each corporation (including quorum) shall
be such as the corporation may determine.
8. No act of any of the corporations shall be invalid by reason
only of any vacancy among the members or any defect in the
appointment of a member.
SCH. 1
Interpretation
9. In this Schedule " pension ", in relation to a person, means
a pension, whether contributory or not, of any kind whatsover
payable to or in respect of him, and includes a gratuity so payable
and a return of contributions, with or without interest thereon
or any other addition thereto.
SCHEDULE 2
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
PART I
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COMING INTO FORCE OF
LOCAL EMPLOYMENT Aст 1960
Pension schemes of industrial estates companies
1 .- (1) The following provisions of this paragraph shall have
effect as respects any pension, superannuation or life-assurance
scheme or fund in force on 1st April 1960 for the benefit of persons
in the employment or former employment of any of the following
companies, that is to say-
North Eastern Trading Estates Limited
Wales and Monmouthshire Industrial Estates Limited
The West Cumberland Industrial Development Company
Limited
Scottish Industrial Estates Limited
North Western Industrial Estates Limited.
( 2 ) Anything authorised or required to be done for the purposes
of the scheme or fund on or after 1st April 1960 which, apart from
this paragraph, would fall to be done by, with or to the company
or its directors shall be treated as falling to be done by, with or
Section 19.
1960 с. 18
c. 5
30 Local Employment Act 1972
SCH. 2
1960 с. 18.
1945 с. 36.
1958 с. 41.
19.50 с. 8.
to the industrial estates corporation acting for the part of Great
Britain in which the company exercised its functions.
( 3) For the purposes of the scheme or fund, employment on or
after 1st April 1960 by the said corporation shall be treated as
equivalent to employment by the company, and employment on or
after that date by the company shall be disregarded.
( 4 ) Any requirement to do anything for the said purposes at the
registered office of the company shall be treated, in relation to
things falling to be done on or after 1st April 1960, as a require-
ment to do that thing at the head office of the said industrial estates
corporation .
( 5 ) References in any deed, rules or other document to the
company shall be construed as, or as including, references to the
said industrial estates corporation as may be required for giving
effect to, or in consequence of , the foregoing provisions of this
paragraph .
Land acquired under Distribution of Industry Acts 1945 to 1958
2. The Secretary of State shall have the like powers under this
Act in relation to land acquired by the Board of Trade under, or
vested in the Board by, the Distribution of Industry Acts 1945 to
1958 as he has in relation to land acquired by him under this Act
or vested in him in consequence of the Local Employment Act 1960.
Loans and grants under Distribution of
Industry Acts 1945 to 1958
3.- (1 ) In section 15(1) of this Act the reference to any loan made
under this Act shall include a reference to any loan made under
section 4 of the Distribution of Industry Act 1945 or that section
as extended by the Distribution of Industry (Industrial Finance)
Act 1958 .
( 2) The continued operation of any agreement relating to loans
or grants entered into under the Distribution of Industry Acts
1945 to 1958 shall not be affected by the repeal of those Acts, but,
in the case of any agreement to make loans or grants entered into
by the Treasury under the provisions mentioned in sub - paragraph
(1) of this paragraph, the Secretary of State shall be substituted for
the Treasury .
(3) Where before 1st April 1960 a Minister of the Crown has
paid any instalment of a grant under section 3 of the said Act of
1945, the repeal of the said section 3 by section 28 of the Local
Employment Act 1960 shall be without prejudice to the payment
by him of further instalments of the grant in pursuance of arrange-
ments made by him before that date.
( 4 ) Where the Board of Trade have agreed to make to any
housing association grants under section 3( 2 ) of the Distribution
of Industry Act 1950 to further the provision of any dwellings, the
repeal of the said Act of 1950 by section 28 of the Local Employment
Act 1960 shall be without prejudice to the continued payment of
the grant in respect of such of the dwellings as have been provided
before 1st April 1960.
Local Employment Act 1972 c. 5 31
( 5 ) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland the following
provision shall have effect for the purposes of sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ,
that is to say, where any agreement in which the Secretary of State
is by virtue of that sub-paragraph substituted for the Treasury
provides that the person to whom the loan or grant is made shall,
if required to do so, grant such security as may be specified in the
agreement in favour of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's
Treasury, but the person has not before the commencement of this
Act been so required, the Secretary of State shall be substituted for
the said Solicitor.
SCH. 2
PART II
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COMING INTO FORCE OF
PART II OF INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT ACT 1966 1966 с. 34.
Development districts which did not become development areas
4.- (1) This paragraph applies to any locality which was a
development district within the meaning of the Local Employment 1960 с. 18
Act 1960, or was by virtue of section 1( 4) of that Act treated as if
it formed part of such a district , immediately before 19th August
1966 and did not on that date become a development area.
(2) The Secretary of State may complete under section 5 of this
Act, buildings or works in the locality begun by the Board of Trade
before that date under section 2 of the said Act of 1960 and may
exercise, in relation to land in that locality, his powers under the
said section 5 so far as may be necessary for the purpose of
fulfilling any agreement entered into by the Board before that date.
( 3) Any Minister may make a grant or loan under any provision
of this Act as if the locality were a development area in any case
in which an application for a grant or loan under the corresponding
provision of the said Act of 1960 was received by the Board of
Trade or the Minister concerned before 19th August 1966.
( 4 ) The fact that any locality which was, or was treated as
forming part of , a development district immediately before 19th
August 1966 did not on that date become a development area
shall not prejudice the continued operation of any agreement
relating to grants or loans entered into under the said Act of
1960.
Re-naming of industrial estates corporations
5. In any enactment or instrument passed or made before 19th
August 1966, for any reference to an industrial estates corporation
by its original name (that is, the name given to it by section 8
of the Local Employment Act 1960 ) there shall be substituted
a reference to that corporation by the new name given to it by
section 19( 1) of the Industrial Development Act 1966 (that is, 1966 с. 34.
the appropriate name specified in section 10( 1) of this Act ).
32 Local Employment Act 1972
c. 5
SCH . 2
1970 с. 7.
PART III
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COMING INTO FORCE OF LOCAL
EMPLOYMENT ACT 1970
6. No grant shall be made under section 3 of this Act towards
expenditure incurred in providing a building or extension in an inter-
mediate area in a case where any work on providing that building
or extension ( being work undertaken by or on behalf of the applicant)
was done on the site before 25th June 1969 ; nor, where any work
on providing a building or extension intended for occupation by an
undertaking was so done, shall a grant be made under that section,
so far as applicable to intermediate areas, in respect of a purchase
of that building or extension for occupation by that undertaking.
1971 с. 51 .
PART IV
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COMING INTO FORCE OF INVESTMENT
AND BUILDING GRANTS ACT 1971
Building grants where contract or work was before
27th October 1970
7. (1) In the following circumstances the percentage in section
3(3)( b) of this Act shall be twenty-five per cent. instead of thirty-
five per cent.-
(a ) in the case of a grant in respect of the provision of a build-
ing or extension by purchase, if the contract to purchase
was entered into before 27th October 1970, or if before
that date any work on providing the building or extension
was done on the site with a view to occupation by the
applicant for the grant or, if the applicant is a member of
a group, by any other member of that group ;
( b ) in the case of a grant made by virtue of section 3(5) of this
Act, if any work on including the special features in the
building or extension was done before the said 27th
October ; and
( c ) in the case of any other grant , if any work on providing the
building or extension was done on the site before the said
27th October by or on behalf of the applicant for the grant
or, if the applicant is a member of a group, by or on behalf
of any other member of that group :
Provided that the Secretary of State may determine that paragraph
( c ) above shall not have effect in any case the special circumstances
of which appear to him to justify such a determination.
( 2 ) In this paragraph " group " has the meaning given in section
3( 7) of this Act.
c. 5
Local Employment Act 1972 33
Building grants offered or made before 27th July 1971 SCH. 2
8.- (1) The provisions of this Act relating to building grants shall
not affect any grant under section 3 of the Local Employment Act 1960 c. 18.
1960 offered or made before 27th July 1971 ; and that section,
section 2 of the Local Employment Act 1963 and sections 17 and 1963 с. 19.
21( 4) of the Industrial Development Act 1966 shall continue to 1966 с. 34.
have effect in relation to any such grant as they had effect immediately
before their repeal by this Act or, as the case may be, the Invest- 1971 с. 51 .
ment and Building Grants Act 1971 .
( 2 ) In the case of any such grant as aforesaid in respect of
expenditure incurred in relation to a development area, the Secre-
tary of State may, if he thinks fit, re-determine the amount of the
grant as if, in relation to the expenditure in question or that expendi-
ture so far as relating to any particular building or extension-
( a ) section 2(1) of the said Act of 1963 had prescribed a rate
of thirty- five per cent. instead of a rate of twenty-five per
cent.; and
(b ) section 17(1) of the said Act of 1966 had substituted a rate
of forty- five per cent. in the circumstances there mentioned ;
and may make such revised offer or, as the case may require, addi-
tional payment under the said section 3 as is consequential on the
re-determination.
PART V
OTHER PROVISIONS
9. Any document executed before 23rd October 1969 by the
Board of Trade in connection with the exercise of their powers
under section 4 of the Local Employment Act 1960 as extended
by section 18 of the Industrial Development Act 1966 shall be
deemed to have been validly executed if executed by the President
of the Board, any Minister of State with duties concerning the
affairs of the Board, any secretary, under-secretary or assistant
secretary of the Board or any person authorised in that behalf
by the President.
10. As respects any time before the coming into force of the Town 1971 c. 78.
and Country Planning Act 1971 this Act shall have effect as if-
( a ) in section 16 ( 3) for the reference to the provisions of that
Act there were substituted a reference to section 211(6 )
and 212(1 ) to ( 4) and (6 ) of the Town and Country 1962 c. 38.
Planning Act 1962 ;
( b ) in section 17( 3) for the reference to section 67(1) of the
said Act of 1971 there were substituted a reference to section
38( 1) of the said Act of 1962 ; and
( c ) in section 21(1), in the definition of " industrial building ",
"
the words from " as respects England to " Scotland "
were omitted.
B
c. 5
34 Local Employment Act 1972
Section 22 ( 1).
1954 с. 56.
1970 с. 7.
1960 с. 18.
1962с. 38.
1966 с. 34.
SCHEDULE 3
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
THE LANDLORD AND TENANT ACT 1954
In subsection (1) of section 60 of the Landlord and Tenant Act
1954, as amended by the Schedule to the Local Employment Act
1970-
( a ) for the words " section 15( 6 ) of the Industrial Development
Act 1966 " there shall be substituted the words " section
1( 5 ) of the Local Employment Act 1972 " ;
( b ) for the words " section 1( 5 ) of the Local Employment Act
1970 " there shall be substituted the words " section 1( 7)
of that Act ";
( c ) for the words " the purposes for which the powers conferred
by Part I of the Local Employment Act 1960 are exercis-
able under section 1(1) of that Act " there shall be
substituted the words " the purpose mentioned in section
2 (1 ) of the said Act of 1972 " ;
In subsection ( 3) of the said section 60, added by the Schedule
to the Local Employment Act 1970-
( a ) for the words " under section 15 of the Industrial Develop-
ment Act 1966 " there shall be substituted the words " by
an order made or having effect under section 1 of the
Local Employment Act 1972 ;
( b) for the words " under section 1 of the Local Employment
Act 1970 " there shall be substituted the words " by an
order made or having effect under that section " .
THE LOCAL EMPLOYMENT ACT 1960
At the end of section 17 of the Local Employment Act 1960
there shall be added the following subsection-
" "
( 2 ) In this section " development areas means the areas
specified as such by orders made or having effect under section 1
of the Local Employment Act 1972 and any locality treated by
virtue of subsection ( 5 ) of that section as included in a develop-
ment area".
In section 22(1 ) of the said Act of 1960 for the words " section
two, five or fourteen of this Act" there shall be substituted the
words " section 5, 8, 13(1) or 14 of the Local Employment Act
1972."
THE TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT 1962
In section 38( 6 ) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962,
as amended by section 26 of the Industrial Development Act 1966,
for the words from " development area " onwards there shall be
substituted the words ،،
development areas ' means the areas speci-
fied as such by orders made or having effect under section 1 of the
Local Employment Act 1972 and any locality treated by virtue
of subsection ( 5 ) of that section as included in a development
area. "
c . 5
Local Employment Act 1972 35
In section 79( 8) of the said Act of 1962 for the words " section
two, section five or section fourteen of the Local Employment
Act 1960 " there shall be substituted the words " section 5, 8, 13(1)
or 14 of the Local Employment Act 1972 " .
THE HIGHLANDS AND ISLANDS DEVELOPMENT (SCOTLAND )
Аст 1965
In section 13( 6 ) of the Highlands and Islands Development
( Scotland ) Act 1965 for the words " section 10 of the Local
Employment Act 1960 ( which relates to accounts of Management
Corporations) " there shall be substituted the words " section 12
of the Local Employment Act 1972 ( which relates to the accounts of
the industrial estates corporations) " .
THE BUILDING CONTROL ACT 1966
In section 4( 5 ) of the Building Control Act 1966, as substituted
by Schedule 3 to the Industrial Development Act 1966, for the words
"
under section 15 of the Industrial Development Act 1966 " there
shall be substituted the words " by an order made or having effect
under section 1 of the Local Employment Act 1972 " .
THE INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT ACT 1966
In paragraph 5(1) of Schedule 1 to the Industrial Development
Act 1966-
( a ) for the words " under Part II of this Act" there shall be
substituted the words " by an order made or having
effect under section 1 of the Local Employment Act
1972 " ;
( b ) for the words " the said Part II " there shall be substituted
the words " the said Act of 1972 " .
THE FINANCE ACT 1967
In section 26(6)( a ) of the Finance Act 1967 for the words " under
section 15( 2) of the Industrial Development Act 1966 " and " section
15( 6 ) of that Act " there shall be substituted respectively the words
“
by an order made or having effect under section 1 of the Local
Employment Act 1972 " and " section 1( 5 ) of that Act " .
THE DEVELOPMENT OF TOURISM Aст 1969
In section 11( 3) of the Development of Tourism Act 1969 for
the words " under subsection ( 2 ) of section 15 of the Industrial
Development Act 1966 " and " subsection (6) of that section "
there shall be substituted respectively the words " by an order made
or having effect under section 1 of the Local Employment Act
1972 " and " subsection ( 5 ) of that section ".
THE FINANCE ACT 1970
For subsection ( 3) of section 15 of the Finance Act 1970 there
shall be substituted the following subsection-
" ( 3) For the purposes of subsection ( 2) above " development
" "
area and " intermediate area have the same meaning as in
the Local Employment Act 1972. "
B 2
SCH. 3
1965 с. 46.
1966 с. 27.
1966 с. 34.
1967 с. 54.
1969 с. 51 .
1970 с. 24.
c. 5
36 Local Employment Act 1972
SCH. 3
1971 с. 68.
1971 с. 76.
1971 с. 78.
THE FINANCE ACT 1971
In sections 42( 6 ) and 52(1) of the Finance Act 1971 for the
words " Part I of the Local Employment Act 1960 " there shall
be substituted the words " the Local Employment Act 1972 " .
THE HOUSING ACT 1971
In section 1( 4 ) of the Housing Act 1971—
( a ) for the words " under section 15( 2) of the Industrial Develop-
ment Act 1966 " and " section 15(6) of that Act " there shall
be substituted respectively the words " by an order made or
having effect under section 1 of the Local Employment
Act 1972 " and " subsection ( 5 ) of that section " ;
( b ) for the words " under section 1 of the Local Employment
Act 1970 " and " subsection ( 5 ) of that section " there shall
be substituted respectively the words " by an order made or
having effect under section 1 of that Act " and " subsection
( 7 ) of that section " .
THE TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING ACT 1971
In section 67( 7) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 for
the definition of " development area " there shall be substituted
"' development area , "
means any area specified as such by an
order made or having effect under section 1 of the Local Employ-
ment Act 1972 and any locality treated by virtue of subsection (5 )
of that section as included in a development area. "
In section 124 ( 8) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1971
the words " in section 2 or 14 of the Local Employment Act 1960 "
shall be omitted and for the words " section 20 or 21( 4 ) of the
Industrial Development Act 1966" there shall be substituted the
words " section 5, 8, 13(1) or 14 of the Local Employment Act
1972".
Section 22(2).
SCHEDULE 4
REPEALS
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Local Employment Section 1(1) and (5 ).
c. 18. Act 1960. Section 2.
Section 3 .
Section 4.
Sections 6 to 10.
Section 12(1 ) and (6 ) .
Section 13 .
Section 14(2) and (3).
Section 15.
Section 23 .
Section 27.
Section 28(1 ) to ( 4 ) and ( 6) to
( 8).
Schedules 1 , 2 and 3.
c. 5
Local Employment Act 1972 37
SCH. 4
Chapter Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1965 с. 46. TheHighlands and Islands Section 5(5)(b) .
Development (Scotland)
Act1965.
1966 с. 34. ' The Industrial Develop-
ment Act 1966.
1968 с. 14.
1970 с. 7.
1971 с. 51 .
1971 с. 78. The Public Expenditure
and Receipts Act 1968.
The Local Employment
Act 1970.
The Investment and Build-
ing Grants Act 1971 .
The Town and Country
Planning Act 1971 .
Section 15.
Sections 18 and 19.
Section 20( 1 ) to (5) .
Section 21(1 ) to ( 4) and, in
subsection (5), the words from
66
the beginning to effect,
and".
Section 31 ( 2) .
In Schedule 3, in Part II, the
entries relating to the Local
Employment Act 1960 except
that relating to section 17.
Section 6.
Sections 1 to 4.
Section 6.
Section 8(1) .
Section 9(2) and ( 4) .
The Schedule except as respects
section 60 of the Landlord
and Tenant Act 1954.
Section 2.
In section 3 the words from
" and section 2" onwards .
In Schedule 23 the entry relating
to the Local Employment Act
1960.
B 3
38 c. 6
PENSE
DIEUET MON DROIT
Summer Time Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 6
An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to summer
time. [ 10th February 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Advance of
1.- (1) Subject to section 2 below, the time for general purposes
time during period of
in Great Britain shall, during the period of summer time, be one
hour in advance of Greenwich mean time .
summer time.
( 2) Subject to section 2 below, the period of summer time for
the purposes of this Act is the period beginning at two o'clock,
Greenwich mean time, in the morning of the day after the third
Saturday in March or, if that day is Easter Day, the day after
the second Saturday in March, and ending at two o'clock,
Greenwich mean time, in the morning of the day after the fourth
Saturday in October.
Extension
ofperiod,
and double
summer time.
2.- (1 ) In relation to any year Her Majesty may by Order in
Council direct-
(a) that the period of summer time for the purposes of this
Act shall be such period as may be specified in the Order
instead of the period specified in section 1 above ;
(b) that the time for general purposes in Great Britain shall,
during any part of the period of summer time, be two
hours instead of one hour in advance of Greenwich
mean time.
( 2) An Order in Council made under this section may be
revoked or varied by a subsequent Order so made.
( 3) No Order in Council shall be made under this section
unless, after copies of the draft thereof have been laid before
Parliament, each House presents an Address to Her Majesty
praying that the Order be made.
Summer Time Act 1972 39
c . 6
3.- (1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, wherever any reference Interpretation
to a point of time occurs in any enactment, Order in Council, order, of references.
regulation, rule, byelaw, deed, notice or other document
whatsoever, the time referred to shall, during the period of
summer time, be taken to be the time as fixed for general purposes
by or under this Act.
( 2) Nothing in this Act shall affect the use of Greenwich mean
time for purposes of astronomy, meteorology, or navigation, or
affect the construction of any document mentioning or referring
to a point of time in connection with any of those purposes .
4.- (1) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in like manner Northern
as it applies to Great Britain. Ireland.
( 2 ) For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland 1920 c. 67 .
Act 1920 this Act in its application to Northern Ireland shall be
deemed to be an Act passed before the appointed day.
5.-(1) Unless other provision is made by a law of the States Channel
of Jersey or of Guernsey or by an Act of Tynwald, as the case Islands and
may be, this Act shall, subject to subsection ( 2 ) below, apply Isle of Man.
to the Bailiwick of Jersey, the Bailiwick of Guernsey and the
Isle of Man in like manner as it applies to Great Britain.
( 2) An Order in Council made under section 2 above may make
different provision with respect to Great Britain and with respect
to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man or any of them .
6.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Summer Time Act 1972.
Short title, commence-
( 2) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of the ment, repeals
period of one month beginning with the date on which it is and saving.
passed.
( 3) The Summer Time Acts 1922 to 1947 and the British 1968 c. 45.
Standard Time Act 1968 are hereby repealed (but the repeal of
the British Standard Time Act 1968 does not affect the operation
of the enactments revived by Schedule 1 to that Act and not
repealed by this Act, that is to say the Statutes ( Definition of 1880 c. 9
Time) Act 1880, the Time (Ireland) Act 1916, the Time Act ( 43 & 44
( Northern Ireland ) 1924 and section 39( 1) of the Interpretation Vict .) .
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1954) . 1916 с. 45.
1924 с. 24
( 4 ) Nothing in this Act affects the Manx Time Act 1968 ( which ( N.I.).
is an Act of Tynwald providing that the time for general purposes ( N.I.) .
1954 с. 33
in the Isle of Man shall be the same as in Great Britain) .
B4
40 c. 7
DIEUET MON DROIT
SINOH
YPENSE
Civil List Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 7
An Act to make further provision for the honour and
dignity of the Crown and the Royal Family, and for
the payment of certain allowances and pensions .
[24th February 1972]
Most Gracious Sovereign,
W
HEREAS Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to
signify to Your faithful Commons in Parliament assembled
that Your Majesty is desirous that consideration should
be given to the provision for Your Majesty's Civil List made by
Parliament in the first year of Your Majesty's reign, the provision
then made for His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh and
other members of Your Family, and the provision made in the
first year of Your Majesty's father's reign for Her Majesty Queen
Elizabeth the Queen Mother, and for His Royal Highness the
Duke of Gloucester ; and that provision should be now made
for Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Gloucester and any future
wife of a younger son of Your Majesty in the event of any of
them surviving her husband :
And Whereas Your Majesty has further been graciously pleased
to signify that Your Majesty is content to forgo the provision
made by Parliament for Your Majesty's Privy Purse :
Now, therefore, we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal
subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament
assembled, have freely and voluntarily resolved to make such
provision as hereinafter appears for the purposes aforesaid, and
we do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted ,
and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,
Civil List Act 1972 41
c. 7
and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the
authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- (1 ) There shall, during the present reign and a period of Annual
six months afterwards, be paid for the Queen's Civil List the payment for
the Queen's
yearly sum of £980,000.
Civil List.
( 2 ) The said yearly sum may be increased in accordance with
the following provisions of this Act.
( 3) The yearly sum payable for the Queen's Civil List shall be
appropriated to the services and purposes set out below, that is-
Salaries and expenses of Her Majesty's Household, and
royal bounty, alms and special services ;
and expenditure for those services and purposes is in this Act
referred to as " Civil List expenditure " .
( 4 ) If , as respects any calendar year, the sum payable for the
Queen's Civil List exceeds the audited Civil List expenditure, an
amount equal to the excess shall be paid to the Royal Trustees out
of the appropriation to Civil List expenditure, to be accumulated
by them and applied in accordance with the provisions of this
section.
( 5 ) If , before the Civil List expenditure for any year has been
audited, it appears to the Treasury that a payment will fall to be
made under subsection ( 4) ofthis section for the year, the Treasury
may make a payment before the audit, and such adjustment shall
be made after the audit as may in the circumstances of the case
appear to the Treasury to be required .
( 6 ) If, as respects any calendar year, the sum payable for the
Queen's Civil List is less than the audited Civil List expenditure,
the Royal Trustees shall make good the deficiency by applying
money available by virtue of subsections ( 4) and (5) of this
section, or by virtue of section 3( 4 ) of this Act.
( 7 ) The Royal Trustees may at the request of the Treasury
make out of money so available advances towards meeting Civil
List expenditure before that expenditure has been audited, and
where advances have been so made such adjustment shall be
made after the audit as may in the circumstances of the case
appear to the Treasury to be required.
( 8) Any money so available which is not applied in accordance
with this section shall be dealt with after the end of the present
reign in such manner as Parliament may hereafter determine.
( 9) In subsections ( 2) and ( 3) of section 2 of the Civil List Act 1952 c. 37.
1952 (reductions in payments for the Queen's Civil List in any
period during which the Duke of Cornwall for the time being is
a minor, or during which the Duchy of Cornwall is vested in
Her Majesty) for references to the sum payable under subsection
(1) of that section there shall be substituted references to the sum
payable for the Queen's Civil List under this Act.
c. 7
42 Civil List Act 1972
Further
provision
for members
of the Royal
Family.
1937 с. 32.
1952 с. 37.
2.- (1 ) In section 3 of the Civil List Act 1937 (provision for
Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother) for the words
" seventy thousand pounds " there shall be substituted the
words " £95,000 " .
( 2 ) In section 4( 2) of the Civil List Act 1937 ( provision for
His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester ) for the words
66
ten thousand pounds " there shall be substituted the words
" £20,000 ” .
( 3) In section 3 of the Civil List Act 1952 ( provision for His
Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh ) for the words " forty
thousand pounds " there shall be substituted the words
" £65,000 ” .
( 4 ) In section 4 (1) of the Civil List Act 1952 ( provision for
Her Majesty's younger children) -
( a ) for the words " ten thousand pounds " and " six thousand
pounds " ( yearly sums for a younger son, or for a
daughter) there shall be substituted the words " £20,000 "
and " £ 15,000 " respectively, and
(b) for the words " fifteen thousand pounds " and " nine
thousand pounds " ( additional yearly amounts in respect
of a son or daughter who marries) there shall be substi-
tuted the words " £30,000 " and " £20,000 " respectively.
( 5 ) In section 5(1) of the Civil List Act 1952 (provision for
Her Royal Highness the Princess Margaret ) for the words " nine
thousand pounds " there shall be substituted the words
" £29,000 ”.
( 6 ) In section 6 of the Civil List Act 1952 ( provision for widow
ofthe Duke of Cornwall) for the words " thirty thousand pounds "
there shall be substituted the words " £60,000. "
( 7 ) In the event of Her Royal Highness the Duchess of
Gloucester surviving His Royal Highness the Duke ofGloucester,
there shall be paid to her during her life the yearly sum of£20,000 .
( 8) In the event of a son of Her present Majesty, other than
the Duke of Cornwall for the time being, dying leaving a widow,
there shall be paid to her during her life the yearly sum of
£ 20,000.
(9) The yearly sums mentioned in sections 3 and 4( 2 ) of the
Civil List Act 1937, and in sections 3 to 6 of the Civil List Act
1952, as amended by this section, and the yearly sums mentioned
in subsections ( 7 ) and ( 8) above, may be increased in accordance
with the following provisions of this Act.
Supplementary provision.
3.- (1) For the purposes specified in this section there shall
be paid to the Royal Trustees the yearly sum of £60,000.
Civil List Act 1972 43
c. 7
( 2) The said yearly sum may be increased in accordance with
the following provisions of this Act.
( 3) The said yearly sum shall be available for making contri-
butions towards expenses of the performance of duties pertaining
to the Royal Family by those of Their Royal Highnesses for
whom Parliament has not made other provision .
( 4 ) If , as respects any calendar year, the sum payable under
this section exceeds the contributions made under subsection (3)
of this section, the excess shall be accumulated by the Royal
Trustees, and applied in accordance with section 1 of this Act.
( 5 ) As respects sums payable under this section to the Royal
Trustees for any period after the end of the present reign, sub-
section (4) of this section shall have effect subject to such provision
as Parliament may hereafter determine.
4 .- (1) In section 5 of the Civil List Act 1837 (Civil List Civil List
pensions) for the words 66
one thousand two hundred pounds a and other
year " in each place where those words occur there shall be pensions.
substituted the words " £10,000 a year " , and so much of section 1837 c. 2
13(1) of the Civil List Act 1952 as increased the said £1,200 a
(1 & 2 Vict.).
year to £5,000 a year shall cease to have effect .
1952 с. 37.
The sum mentioned in the said section 5 as amended by this
subsection may be increased in accordance with the following
provisions of this Act.
( 2 ) For section 7( 1) of the Civil List Act 1952 there shall be
substituted the following subsection-
" (1) The Treasury may undertake the payment of any
retired allowances granted, on scales and in accordance with
conditions approved from time to time by the Treasury, by
Her Majesty to or in respect of persons who have been
members of the Royal Household ( including retired allow-
ances taking account of previous employment) , or of any
sums so granted in order to enhance superannuation benefits
to be derived from later employment. "
5.- (1 ) The Royal Trustees shall keep under review the yearly Reports
amounts of Civil List expenditure, and the sums available under by Royal
this Act to meet that expenditure, and shall in accordance with Trustees as
to financial
this section from time to time make reports to the Treasury provision
concerning those matters.
madeby
thisAct.( 2) A report may be made at any time, and-
( a) the first report on Civil List expenditure shall be made
not later than 1st January 1982, and subsequent such
reports shall, until the end ofthe present reign, be made
at intervals of not more than ten years, and
44 Civil List Act 1972
c. 7
Power by
order to
increase
financial
provision
madeby
this Act.
1837 с. 2.
(1 & 2 Vict.).
1937 с. 32.
1952 с. 37.
Charge of
payments
under this
Act .
Short title and
supplemental
provisions.
(b ) a report shall be made if at any time it appears to the
Royal Trustees that the Civil List expenditure for the
next calendar year will exceed the sums available under
this Act to meet that expenditure unless an order or a
further order is made under the following provisions of
thisAct.
( 3) The Royal Trustees shall also keep under review the other
amounts which can be increased in accordance with the following
provisions of this Act, and any related matters, and they may,
in a report on Civil List expenditure, or in a separate report,
give any information on those matters .
( 4 ) The Treasury shall lay a copy of any report made to them
under this section before the Commons House of Parliament.
6.- (1) The Treasury may from time to time by order increase
all or any of the following sums, that is-
( a ) the yearly sum mentioned in section 1(1) of this Act,
( b ) the sums mentioned in section 5 of the Civil List Act
1837, sections 3 and 4( 2 ) of the Civil List Act 1937 and
sections 3 to 6 of the Civil List Act 1952, as amended
by this Act,
( c ) the yearly sums mentioned in subsections ( 7 ) and (8) of
section 2, and in subsection (1) of section 3, of this Act.
( 2 ) In exercising the powers conferred by this section the
Treasury shall take account of the information afforded by any
report made by the Royal Trustees .
( 3) An order under this section may be made so as to take
effect from the beginning of the calendar year in which it is made.
( 4 ) An order under this section may contain such supplemental
provisions, including provisions for the consequential amendment
of any enactment mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, as
may appear to the Treasury to be necessary or expedient.
( 5 ) An order under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of
the Commons House of Parliament.
7. The sums required for any payments under this Act
shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund, and
shall be paid at such times and in such manner as the Treasury
may direct.
8.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Civil List Act 1972.
( 2 ) In this Act-
" Civil List expenditure " has the meaning given by section
1( 3) of this Act,
c. 7
Civil List Act 1972 45
" Royal Trustees " means the trustees constituted by section
10 of the Civil List Act 1952. 1952 с. 37.
( 3 ) Section 12 of the Civil List Act 1952 ( adjustments in respect
of parts of years) shall apply to yearly payments mentioned in
this Act as it applies to yearly payments mentioned in that Act,
and in section 13( 2 ) of that Act ( application of Civil List Audit 1816 c. 46.
Act 1816 ) the reference to the Civil List shall include a reference
to the Civil List under this Act.
( 4 ) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of
that Schedule, but subject to the provisions at the end of that
Schedule.
( 5 ) Sections 1, 2 and 3 of this Act shall have effect as respects
payments to be made for the year 1972 and subsequent years ,
and section 2(1 ) of the Civil List Act 1952 (Queen's Civil List)
shall not apply to such payments.
( 6) Section 4(1) of this Act, and the repeal in section 13(1) of
the Civil List Act 1952, shall have effect as from 1st April 1972.
c. 7
46 Civil List Act 1972
Section 8.
SCHEDULE
REPEALS
Chapter
15 & 16 Geo. 6 and 1 Eliz . 2.
c. 37.
Short Title
The Civil List Act 1952. Extent of Repeal
Section 2(1 ).
Section 9.
In section 13 , in the proviso to
subsection (1) the words from
"that in the said section five "
to " and ", and subsections (3)
and( 4 ) .
Schedules 1 and 2.
The repeal of section 2(1), section 9 and Schedule 1 shall not affect
payments for the year 1971 or any earlier year.
SINOHMON DROIT
PENSE
c . 8 47
Airports Authority
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 8
An Act to increase the statutory limit on the amounts out-
standing in respect of borrowings by the British
Airports Authority and to enable the Authority to
borrow money in currencies other than sterling .
[24th February 1972]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. In section 5( 3) of the Airports Authority Act 1965 (which Increase in
sets a limit of seventy million pounds on the aggregate amount borrowing
limit of
outstanding in respect of the principal of money borrowed by British
the British Airports Authority under that section and its com- Airports
mencing capital debt) for the words " seventy million pounds " Authority.
there shall be substituted the words 66
one hundred and twenty- 1965 с. 16.
five million pounds " .
2.- (1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) of this section, the British Power of
Airports Authority may borrow, from such persons and on such British
terms as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Airports Authority
Treasury from time to time specify, sums in currencies other to borrow
than sterling- money in
currencies
( a ) by way of temporary loan, for the purpose of meeting other than
the obligations of the Authority or discharging its sterling.
functions under the Airports Authority Act 1965 ; or
( b) otherwise than by way of temporary loan, for any of the
purposes specified in subsection (2) of section 5 of that
Act (capital expenditure etc.) .
c. 8
48 Airports Authority Act 1972
Short title
and extent.
( 2 ) For the purposes of subsection (3) of the said section 5
any sums borrowed under this section shall be treated as borrowed
under that section, and for the purposes of any limit imposed
under subsection (1) of that section (limit on temporary loans)
any sums borrowed by the Authority under this section by way
of temporary loan shall be treated as borrowed under that
subsection.
( 3) Except as provided in this section the Authority shall not
have power to borrow sums in currencies other than sterling ;
and this section shall have effect notwithstanding subsection (4)
of the said section 5 ( which provides that the Authority shall not
have power to borrow except in accordance with that section).
3.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Airports Authority Act
1972.
( 2 ) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
c. 9 49
HONIS
PENSE
DIEUET MON DROIZ
Mineral Exploration and
Investment Grants Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 9
An Act to authorise the giving of financial assistance in
connection with mineral exploration, and to clarify or
extend certain exceptions from the abolition of invest-
ment grants . [24th February 1972] .
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1) Subject to the following subsections, there shall be Contributions
defrayed out of money provided by Parliament any payments in respect of
made by the Secretary of State by way of contribution towards mineral
exploration.
expenditure incurred on searching for, or on discovering and
testing, mineral deposits in Great Britain or in the sea bed and
subsoil of the territorial waters of the United Kingdom adjacent to
Great Britain or in that of any area for the time being designated
under section 1(7) of the Continental Shelf Act 1964.
1964 с. 29.( 2 ) The amount paid out of moneys provided by Parliament
under this section shall not exceed £25 million or such larger sum,
not exceeding £50 million, as the Secretary of State may specify
by order made by statutory instrument ; but an order shall not
be made in pursuance of this subsection unless a draft of the
order has been approved by a resolution of the House of
Commons.
( 3) It shall be a condition for the making of a contribution in
pursuance of this section in respect of any operations that the
person applying for the contribution shall have agreed that
geological information obtained in the carrying out of the
operations will be communicated ( in appropriate form and detail)
to the Secretary of State and, for the purposes of the geological
survey of Great Britain, to the Natural Environment Research
Council.
50 c. 9
Mineral Exploration and Investment Grants Act 1972
Investment
grants in respect of
hired assets
orofships.
1971 с. 51 .
1966 с. 34.
Short title
and extent.
( 4 ) This section shall not authorise the making by the Secretary
of State out of moneys provided by Parliament of contributions
towards expenditure on any operations, unless he is satisfied that
planning permission for those operations was obtained or that
it was not necessary to obtain it.
( 5 ) This section shall not authorise the making by the Secretary
of State out of moneys provided by Parliament of contributions
towards any expenditure which exceed 35 per cent. of that
expenditure ; but any payment made by him in pursuance of
this section may be made on such terms as he thinks fit, including
terms providing for repayment in whole or in part of the amount
paid by him, with or without interest or an addition in lieu of
interest, or for the giving of security for the performance of any
of the terms .
( 6 ) Any sums received by the Secretary of State in accordance
with the terms on which a payment is made by him in pursuance
of this section shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
( 7 ) In respect of the period ending 31st March 1973 and of each
financial year ending after that date in which payments are made
in pursuance of this section the Secretary of State shall as soon as
may be after the end of that period or year prepare a report on
the operation of this section, and shall lay the report before
Parliament.
( 8) In this section " mineral deposits " includes any natural
deposits capable of being lifted or extracted from the earth.
2. Section 1 (abolition of investment grants) of the Investment
and Building Grants Act 1971 shall have effect subject to the
following provisions :-
( a ) in relation to grants under section 4( 2) ( hired assets) of
the Industrial Development Act 1966 in respect of
expenditure incurred by a person in providing an asset
for hiring out, any question under section 4(2)(a)(ii)
whether (on certain assumptions) a grant could have
been made to another person to whom the asset has
been hired out shall be determined without regard to the
operation of the said section 1 ; and
( b ) in relation to grants under section 5(ships) ofthe Industrial
Development Act 1966, the reference in subsection ( 4)
of the said section 1 to being entitled to the benefit of a
contract for the construction of a new ship shall include
being entitled subject to the rights of any assignee by
way only of security to the benefit of such a contract.
3.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Mineral Exploration and
Investment Grants Act 1972.
( 2 ) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
c. 10 51
HONIS
PENSE
DIEU ETMON DROIT
Northern Ireland Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 10
An Act to declare the law as to the legislative powers of the
Parliament of Northern Ireland under section 4(1 ) of
the Government of Ireland Act 1920, so far as relates
to Her Majesty's forces and in particular to the
conferment of powers, authorities, privileges or
immunities on them. [24th February 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. The limitations imposed by paragraph ( 3) of section 4(1 ) ofEffect of
the Government of Ireland Act 1920 on the powers of the Government
ofIreland
Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws shall not have Act 1920
effect, and shall be deemed never to have had effect, to preclude s. 4(1)
the inclusion in laws made by that Parliament for the peace, para. (3 ) .
order or good government of Northern Ireland of all provision 1920 c. 67.
relating to members of Her Majesty's forces as such or to things
done by them when on duty, and in particular shall not preclude,
and shall be deemed never to have precluded, the conferment
on them by, under or in pursuance of any such law of powers,
authorities , privileges or immunities in relation to the preservation
of the peace or maintenance of order in Northern Ireland.
2. This Act may be cited as the Northern Ireland Act 1972. Short title.
с. 11 53
PENSE
HONIS
DIEUFTA MONDRO
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 11
An Act to amend the law relating to pensions and other
similar benefits payable to or in respect of persons in
Superannuation
certain employment; to provide for distribution with-
out proof oftitle of certain sums due to or in respect of
certain deceased persons ; to abolish the Civil Service
Committee for Northern Ireland; to repeal section 6
of the Appropriation Act 1957; and for purposes
connected with the matters aforesaid. [ 1st March 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
Persons employed in the civil service, etc.
1.-( 1) The Minister for the Civil Service (in this Act referred Superan-
to as " the Minister ") — nuation
schemes as
(a) may make, maintain, and administer schemes ( whether respects civil
contributory or not) whereby provision is made with servants, etc.
respect to the pensions, allowances or gratuities which,
subject to the fulfilment of such requirements and
conditions as may be prescribed by the scheme, are
to be paid, or may be paid, by the Minister to or in
respect of such of the persons to whom this section
applies as he may determine ;
( b) may, in relation to such persons as any such scheme
may provide, pay or receive transfer values ;
( c) may make, in such circumstances as any such scheme
may provide, payments by way of a return of con-
tributions , with or without interest ; and
54 Superannuation Act 1972
с. 11
( d ) may make such payments as he thinks fit towards the
provision, otherwise than by virtue of such a scheme,
of superannuation benefits for or in respect of such of
the persons to whom this section applies as he may
determine.
( 2) The Minister may, to such extent and subject to such
conditions as he thinks fit, delegate to any other Minister or
officer of the Crown any functions exercisable by him by virtue
of this section or any scheme made thereunder.
( 3) Before making any scheme under this section the Minister,
or, if the Minister so directs in relation to a particular scheme,
another Minister of the Crown specified in the direction, shall
consult with persons appearing to the Minister or that other
Minister, as the case may be, to represent persons likely to be
affected by the proposed scheme or with the last - mentioned
persons.
( 4 ) This section applies to persons serving-
( a ) in employment in the civil service of the State ; or
( b ) in employment of any of the kinds listed in Schedule 1
to this Act ; or
( c ) in an office so listed.
( 5 ) Subject to subsection ( 6 ) below, the Minister may by
order-
( a ) add any employment to those listed in the said Schedule
1, being employment by a body or in an institution
specified in the order,
(b) add any office so specified to the offices so listed, or
( c) remove any employment or office from the employments
or offices so listed.
( 6) No employment or office shall be added to those listed
in the said Schedule 1 unless the remuneration of persons
serving in that employment or office is paid out of moneys pro-
vided by Parliament or the Consolidated Fund.
( 7 ) Notwithstanding subsection (6 ) above, the Minister may
by order provide that this section shall apply to persons serving
in employment which is remunerated out of a fund specified
in the order, being a fund established by or under an Act of
Parliament.
( 8) An order under subsection (5) or ( 7) above-
( a) may be made so as to have effect as from a date before
the making of the order ;
( b) may include transitional and other supplemental pro-
visions ;
c. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 55
( c) may vary or revoke a previous order made under that
subsection ; and
( d ) shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of
either House of Parliament.
2.- (1) A scheme under section 1 of this Act which makes Further
provision with respect to the pensions, allowances or gratuities provisions relating to
which are to be, or may be, paid to or in respect of a person schemes
to whom that section applies and who is incapacitated or dies under s. 1.
as a result of an injury sustained, or disease contracted, in
circumstances prescribed by the scheme may make the like
provision in relation to any other person, being a person who
is employed in a civil capacity for the purposes of Her Majesty's
Government in the United Kingdom, whether temporarily or
permanently and whether for reward or not, or is a person
holding office in that Government and who is incapacitated or
dies as a result of an injury or disease so sustained or contracted.
(2) Any scheme under the said section 1 may make provision
for the payment by the Minister of pensions, allowances or
gratuities by way of compensation to or in respect of persons-
( a) to whom that section applies ; and
( b) who suffer loss of office or employment, or loss or
diminution of emoluments, in such circumstances, or by
reason of the happening of such an event, as may be
prescribed by the scheme.
( 3) No scheme under the said section 1 shall make any
provision which would have the effect of reducing the amount
of any pension, allowance or gratuity, in so far as that amount
is calculated by reference to service rendered before the coming
into operation of the scheme, or of reducing the length of any
service so rendered, unless the persons consulted in accordance
with section 1 (3) of this Act have agreed to the inclusion of that
provision.
( 4) Subject to subsection (3) above, any scheme under the
said section 1 , or any provision thereof , may be framed-
( a) so as to have effect as from a date earlier than the date
onwhich the scheme is made ; or
( b) so as to apply in relation to the pensions, allowances or
gratuities paid or payable to or in respect of persons
who, having been persons to whom the said section 1
applies , have died or ceased to be persons to whom
that section applies before the scheme comes into
operation ; or
(c) so as to require or authorise the payment of pensions,
allowances or gratuities to or in respect of such
persons.
c. 11
56 Superannuation Act 1972
(5 ) Where an order has been made under section 1(7) of this
Act, any scheme under that section may provide for the payment
to the Minister out of the fund specified in the order of benefits
or other sums paid by him in accordance with the scheme to
or in respect of persons to whom that section applies by virtue
of the order, together with any administrative expenses incurred
in connection with the payment of those sums, and for the
payment into that fund of contributions paid in accordance with
the scheme by or in respect of those persons and of any transfer
values received in respect of them.
(6) Any scheme under the said section 1 may provide for the
determination by the Minister of questions arising under the
scheme and may provide that the decision of the Minister on
any such question shall be final .
( 7 ) Where under any such scheme any question falls to be
determined by the Minister, then, at any time before the question
is determined, the Minister may (and if so directed by any of
the Courts hereinafter mentioned shall) state in the form of a
special case for determination by the High Court, the Court of
Session or the Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland any question
of law arising out of the question which falls to be determined
byhim.
(8) Where such a case is stated for determination by the High
Court, an appeal to the Court of Appeal from the determination
by the High Court shall lie only with the leave of the High Court
or of the Court of Appeal ; and where such a case is stated for
determination by the Court of Session then, subject to any rules
of court, the Minister shall be entitled to appear and be heard
when the case is being considered by that Court.
( 9) Any scheme under the said section 1 may amend or
revoke any previous scheme made thereunder.
(10) Different schemes may be made under the said section 1
in relation to different classes of persons to whom that section
applies, and in this section " the principal civil service pension
scheme " means the principal scheme so made relating to
persons serving in employment in the home civil service or the
diplomatic service.
( 11) Before a scheme made under the said section 1, being the
principal civil service pension scheme or a scheme amending
or revoking that scheme, comes into operation the Minister shall
lay a copy of the scheme before Parliament.
( 12) Notwithstanding any repeal made by this Act , the exist-
ing civil service superannuation provisions, that is to say, the
enactments and instruments listed in Schedule 2 to this Act, shall,
with the necessary adaptations and modifications, have effect as
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 57
from the commencement of this Act as if they constituted a
scheme made under the said section 1 in relation to the persons
to whom that section applies, being the principal civil service
pension scheme, and coming into operation on the said com-
mencement and may be revoked or amended accordingly.
3.- (1 ) The following provisions of this section shall have Recovery in
effect where a scheme under section 1 of this Act provides for certain
circumstances
the payment of a pension, allowance or gratuity to or in respect of payments
of a person who is incapacitated or dies as a result of an injury by way of
sustained or disease contracted in circumstances prescribed by the injury
scheme, and a pension, allowance or gratuity is paid in accord- allowances.
ance with the scheme to or in respect of a person in consequence
of an injury or disease so sustained or contracted or of a death
resulting from such injury or disease.
( 2) If the scheme requires the Minister to take into account,
as against any sums otherwise payable under the scheme, any
damages which are recovered or recoverable by or on behalf
of the recipient of the pension, allowance or gratuity granted
in consequence of the injury, disease or death, being damages in
respect of that injury, disease or death, and the Minister makes
any payments without taking such damages into account, then
if and when the Minister is satisfied that there are any damages
to be so taken into account, he shall have the right to recover
from the recipient-
(a ) where the amount of the payments made by the Minister
is less than the net amount of the damages, the amount
of those payments ;
( b) where the amount of those payments is not less than
the net amount of the damages, such part of those
payments as is equal to the net amount of the damages.
( 3) So far as any amount recoverable under this section
represents a payment made by the Minister from which income
tax has been deducted before payment, the proper allowance
shall be made in respect of the amount so deducted, and in
this section " the net amount of the damages " means the
amount of the damages after deducting any tax payable in the
United Kingdom or elsewhere to which the damages are subject.
( 4 ) No proceedings shall be brought to recover any amount
under this section-
(a) after the death of the recipient of the payments ; or
(b) after the expiration of two years from the date on which
the amount of the damages taken into account in
arriving at the amount so recoverable is finally deter-
mined ( whether in court proceedings or in arbitration
proceedings or by agreement between the parties) or
from the date on which the final determination of
с. 11
58 Superannuation Act 1972
Payments due
to deceased
persons.
1965 с. 32.
Benefits under
civil service
superan-
nuation
schemes not
assignable.
1914 с. 59.
1913 с. 20.
that amount first came to the knowledge of the
Minister, whichever date is the later.
(5) A certificate issued by the Minister and stating the date on
which the final determination of any amount of damages first
came to his knowledge shall be admissible in any proceedings
as sufficient evidence of that date.
( 6 ) The provisions of this section are without prejudice to
any right of the Minister under any such scheme to take damages
into account by withholding or reducing any further sums other-
wise payable to the recipient of the pension, allowance or
gratuity .
4.-( 1 ) Where on the death of any person there is due to the
deceased or his personal representatives from a government
department a sum, not exceeding £500, in respect of salary,
wages or other emoluments or of superannuation benefits payable
by virtue of a scheme made under section 1 of this Act, probate
or other proof of the title of the personal representatives of the
deceased may be dispensed with, and the appropriate authority
may pay the whole or any part of that sum to those representa-
tives or to the person, or to or among any one or more of
any persons, appearing to that authority to be beneficially
entitled to the personal or movable estate of the deceased ;
and any person to whom such a payment is made, and not
the appropriate authority, shall thereafter be liable to account
for the amount paid to him under this subsection.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above shall be included among the pro-
visions with respect to which the Treasury may make an order
under section 6(1) of the Administration of Estates ( Small Pay-
ments) Act 1965 substituting for references to £ 500 such higher
amount as may be specified in the order.
( 3) The reference to a government department in subsection
(1) above shall be construed as including a reference to a body
or institution listed in Schedule 1 to this Act.
( 4 ) In this section " the appropriate authority ", in relation
to any sum, means the Minister in charge of the government
department, the body, or the trustees or other authority respon-
sible for the institution, as the case may be, from whom that
sum is due.
5.- ( 1 ) Any assignment (or, in Scotland, assignation ) of or
charge on, and any agreement to assign or charge, any benefit
payable under a scheme made under section 1 of this Act shall
be void.
( 2) Nothing in subsection ( 1) above shall affect the powers
of any court under section 51( 2) of the Bankruptcy Act 1914
or section 148 of the Bankruptcy (Scotland ) Act 1913 (bankrupt's
salary, pension, etc. may be ordered to be paid to the trustee
c . 11
Superannuation Act 1972 59
in bankruptcy) or under any enactment applying to Northern
Ireland (including an enactment of the Parliament of Northern
Ireland ) and corresponding to the said section 51 ( 2) .
6. ( 1) The Minister may by order repeal or amend any Power to
provision in any Act of Parliament, whether public general, repeal or
local or private, including an Act confirming a provisional amend Acts ,
etc.
order, or in any order or other instrument made under any such
Act , where it appears to him that that provision is inconsistent
with, or has become unnecessary or requires modification in
consequence of, any provision of section 1 or 2 of this Act or
of any scheme made under the said section 1 or any repeal
made by this Act in consequence of the enactment of those
sections.
( 2) An order under this section-
( a ) may be made so as to have effect as from a date before
the making of the order ;
(b) may vary or revoke a previous order made thereunder ;
and
(c) shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of
either House of Parliament.
Persons employed in local government service, etc.
7.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations make pro- Superan-
vision with respect to the pensions, allowances or gratuities nuation of
which, subject to the fulfilment of such requirements and persons
employed
conditions as may be prescribed by the regulations, are to be, or in local
may be, paid to or in respect of such persons, or classes of government
persons, as may be so prescribed, being- service, etc.
(a ) persons, or classes of persons, employed in local govern-
ment service ; and
( b) other persons, or classes of persons, for whom it is
appropriate, in the opinion of the Secretary of State,
to provide pensions, allowances or gratuities under
the regulations.
(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) above,
regulations under this section-
( a) may include all or any of the provisions referred to in
Schedule 3 to this Act ; and
(b) may make different provision as respects different
classes of persons and different circumstances.
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in the Pensions ( Increase) Act 1971 c. 56.
1971 , regulations under this section may provide-
( a ) that increases under that Act of such of the pensions,
allowances or gratuities payable under the regulations
с. 11
60 Superannuation Act 1972
LocalAct
schemes.
as may be prescribed by the regulations, or such part
of those increases as may be so prescribed, shall be paid
out of such of the superannuation funds established
under the regulations as the regulations may provide ;
and
( b ) that the cost of those increases or of that part thereof,
as the case may be, shall be defrayed by contributions
from the persons to whom any services in respect of
which the pensions, allowances or gratuities are or may
become payable were or are being rendered or by such
of those persons as may be so prescribed ;
and any provisions of the said Act of 1971, or of regulations
made under section 5 thereof, relating to liability for the cost
of increases under that Act of pensions , allowances or gratuities
payable under the regulations shall have effect subject to the
provisions of any regulations made by virtue of this subsection
and for the time being in force .
( 4 ) Without prejudice to subsection (2) above, regulations made
by virtue of subsection (3) above may make different provision
as respects different classes of pensions, allowances or gratuities.
( 5) Before making any regulations under this section the
Secretary of State shall consult with-
( a) such associations of local authorities as appear to him
to be concerned ;
( b) any local authority with whom consultation appears to
him to be desirable ; and
( c) such representatives of other persons likely to be
affected by the proposed regulations as appear to him
to be appropriate.
8.-( 1) The Secretary of State may make regulations providing
for-
(a ) the revocation of the local Act scheme administered by a
local Act authority ;
( b ) the winding up of the superannuation fund maintained
under that scheme and the transfer of its assets and
liabilities to such superannuation fund as may be speci-
fied in the regulations ;
( c ) the modification of regulations made under section 7 of
this Act for the purpose of securing that rights enjoyed
by and in respect of the persons who were entitled to
participate in the benefits of the superannuation fund
which is to be wound up are preserved ;
(d ) such other consequential and incidental matters as appear
to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by regulations make such
additions to, or modifications of, a local Act scheme as he
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 61
considers necessary to reproduce ( with or without modifications)
the effect of any enactment relating to the local Act scheme and
repealed by this Act.
In this subsection " enactment " includes any instrument made
under an Act.
( 3) Regulations under section 7 of this Act may provide for
any of their provisions to apply, subject to such modifications as
may be prescribed by the regulations, in relation to such local
Act schemes as may be so prescribed or in relation to such
pensions, allowances or gratuities, payable under such local Act
schemes, as may be so prescribed ; and where by virtue of
this subsection any provisions of the regulations are so applied,
the local Act scheme shall have effect subject thereto.
( 4) Before making any regulations under this section the
Secretary of State shall consult with the local Act authority
concerned and with such representatives of other persons likely
to be affected by the proposed regulations as appear to him to
be appropriate.
( 5 ) In this section " local Act authority " means a local
authority who, not maintaining a superannuation fund in accord-
ance with regulations under section 7 of this Act, maintain a
superannuation fund under a local Act and " local Act scheme "
means the superannuation scheme which such an authority
administer.
Teachers
9.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, by regulations made with Superan-
the consent of the Minister, make provision with respect to nuation of
the pensions, allowances or gratuities which, subject to the teachers.
fulfilment of such requirements and conditions as may be
prescribed by the regulations, are to be, or may be, paid by the
Secretary of State to or in respect of teachers .
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1) above,
regulations under this section-
( a) may include all or any of the provisions referred to in
Schedule 3 to this Act ; and
( b) may make different provision as respects different classes
of persons and different circumstances .
(3) Where the regulations provide for the making of any
such payment as is referred to in paragraph 3, 5 or 6 of the
said Schedule 3, they may also provide for the payment to be
made by the Secretary of State.
(4) Where regulations under this section provide for the
establishment of a superannuation fund, the regulations may also
provide for the payment by the Secretary of State-
(a) of the administrative expenses of the persons by whom,
in accordance with the regulations, the fund is to be
administered ; and
c. 11
62 Superannuation Act 1972
Superan-
nuation of
persons engaged
inhealth
services , etc.
( b ) of such travelling, subsistence and other allowances
to those persons as the Secretary of State may, with the
consent of the Minister, determine.
(5) Before making any such regulations the Secretary of State
shall consult with representatives of local education authorities
and of teachers and with such representatives of other persons
likely to be affected by the proposed regulations as appear to
him to be appropriate.
( 6) In this section " teachers " includes such persons as may
be prescribed by regulations made under this section, being
persons employed otherwise than as teachers-
( a ) in a capacity connected with education which to a
substantial extent involves the control or supervision
of teachers ; or
( b ) in employment which involves the performance of
duties in connection with the provision of education
or services ancillary to education.
( 7 ) In the application of this section to Scotland for the
reference in subsection ( 5) to local education authorities there
shall be substituted a reference to education authorities.
Persons engaged in health services, etc.
10.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, by regulations made with
the consent of the Minister, make provision with respect to
the pensions, allowances or gratuities which, subject to the
fulfilment of such requirements and conditions as may be
prescribed by the regulations, are to be, or may be, paid by
the Secretary of State to or in respect of such persons, or classes
of persons, as may be so prescribed, being-
( a) persons, or classes of persons, engaged in health services
other than services provided by a local health authority
or other local authority ; and
( b) other persons, or classes of persons, for whom it is
appropriate, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, to
provide pensions, allowances or gratuities under the
regulations.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1) above,
regulations under this section-
( a) may include all or any of the provisions referred to in
Schedule 3 to this Act ; and
( b) may make different provision as respects different classes
of persons and different circumstances .
(3) Where the regulations provide for the making of any
such payment as is referred to in paragraph 3, 5 or 6 of the
said Schedule 3, they may also provide for the payment to be
made by the Secretary of State.
( 4) Before making any such regulations the Secretary of State
shall consult with such representatives of persons likely to be
c. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 63
affected by the proposed regulations as appear to him to be
appropriate.
(5) In section 7( 2) of the Superannuation ( Miscellaneous 1967 c. 28.
Provisions) Act 1967 (which, in a case where any person within
12 months after leaving employment by virtue of which he was
entitled to participate in superannuation benefits provided under
the National Health Service Act 1946 enters other approved 1946 c. 81 .
employment, empowers the Secretary of State to direct that the
superannuation regulations shall apply to him with certain
modifications) after the words " any person " there shall be
inserted the words " while continuing in or ".
Provisions ancillary to sections 7 to 10
11.-( 1) Where under any regulations made under section Statement
7, 9 or 10 of this Act, in its application to England and Wales, of case by
any question falls to be determined by the Secretary of State, Secretary
ofState.
then, at any time before the question is determined, the Secretary
of State may (and if so directed by the High Court shall) state
in the form of a special case for determination by the High
Court any question of law arising out of the question which falls
to be determined by him ; and where such a case is so stated,
an appeal to the Court of Appeal from the determination by
the High Court shall lie only with the leave of the High Court
or of the Court of Appeal.
( 2) Where under any regulations made under section 7, 9
or 10 of this Act, in its application to Scotland, any question
falls to be determined by the Secretary of State, then, at any
time before the question is determined, the Secretary of State
may (and if so directed by the Court of Session shall) state a
case for the opinion of that Court on any question of law arising
out of the question which falls to be determined by him ; and
subject to any rules of court, the Secretary of State shall be
entitled to appear and be heard when the case is being con-
sidered by the Court.
12.-(1 ) Any regulations made under section 7, 8(2), 9 or Further
10 of this Act may be framed so as to have effect as from a provisions as
date earlier than the making of the regulations. to regulations.
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, any regulations made
under section 7, 9 or 10 of this Act may be framed-
( a) so as to apply in relation to the pensions which are
being paid or may become payable under the regula-
tions to or in respect of persons who, having served in
an employment or office service in which qualifies
persons to participate in the benefits for which the
regulations provide, have ceased to serve therein or
died before the regulations come into operation ; or
(b) so as to require or authorise the payment of pensions to
or in respect of such persons.
c. 11
64 Superannuation Act 1972
(3) Subsection ( 2) above shall apply in relation to regulations
under the said section 7, being regulations made by virtue of
section 8(3) of this Act, as if for the first two references to
those regulations in paragraph ( a) there were substituted ref-
erences to the local Act scheme affected by the regulations .
( 4) No provision shall be made by any regulations by virtue
of subsection (2) above unless any person who is placed in
a worse position than he would have been in if the provision had
not applied in relation to any pension which is being paid or
may become payable to him is by the regulations given an
opportunity to elect that the provision shall not so apply.
66
( 5 ) In the foregoing provisions of this section pension
"
includes allowance and gratuity .
(6) Regulations made under section 7, 8, 9 or 10 of this
Act shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
Provisions relating to superannuation of various other persons
The
Comptroller
and Auditor
General.
13.-( 1 ) A person appointed to be the Comptroller and Audi-
tor General (in this section referred to as the Comptroller) may,
within such period and in such manner as may be prescribed by
regulations under this section, elect between the statutory scheme
of pensions and other benefits applicable to the judicial offices
1959 с. 9
listed in Schedule 1 to the Judicial Pensions Act 1959 and the
(8 & 9 Eliz. 2.) . scheme of pensions and other benefits applicable by virtue of
section 1 of this Act to the civil service of the State ( in this
section referred to respectively as the judicial scheme and the
civil service scheme), and if he does not so elect shall be treated
as having elected for the civil service scheme.
(2) Where a person so appointed elects for the judicial scheme,
a pension may be granted to him on ceasing to hold office as
Comptroller if he has held that office for not less than five years
and either-
( a) has attained the age of sixty- five years ; or
(b) is disabled by permanent infirmity for the performance
of the duties of that office ;
and subject to regulations under this section, the provisions of
the Judicial Pensions Act 1959, other than section 2 (retiring
1950 с. 11
( 14& 15
Geo. 6. ).
age ) , and of sections 2 to 8 of the Administration of Justice
( Pensions) Act 1950 ( lump sums and widows' and dependants'
pensions) shall apply in relation to him and his service as
Comptroller as they apply in relation to the holders of judicial
offices listed in Schedule 1 to the said Act of 1959 and service
in any such office, this subsection being the relevant pension
enactment for the purposes of that Act.
Superannuation Act 1972 65
с. 11
( 3) Where a person so appointed elects for the civil service
scheme, the principal civil service pension scheme within the
meaning of section 2 of this Act and for the time being in
force shall, subject to regulations under this section, apply
as if his service as Comptroller were service in employment in
the civil service of the State.
( 4 ) Any pension or other benefit granted to the Comptroller by
virtue of this section shall be granted by letters patent.
( 5) The Minister may by statutory instrument make regula-
tions for purposes supplementary to the foregoing provisions
of this section ; and such regulations may, without prejudice
to section 38 of the Superannuation Act 1965 (employment in 1965 c. 74.
more than one public office), make special provision with
respect to the pensions and other benefits payable to or in
respect of persons to whom the judicial scheme or the civil
service scheme has applied or applies in respect of any service
other than service as Comptroller, including provision
( a) for aggregating other service falling within the judicial
scheme with service as Comptroller, or service as
Comptroller with such other service, for the purpose
of determining qualification for or the amount of
benefit under that scheme ;
( b) for increasing the amount of the benefit payable under
the judicial scheme, in the case of a person to whom
that scheme applied in respect of an office held by
him before appointment as Comptroller, up to the
amount which would have been payable thereunder
if he had retired from that office on the ground of
permanent infirmity immediately before his appoint-
ment ;
( c ) for limiting the amount of benefit payable under the
judicial scheme, in the case of a person to whom the
civil service scheme applied in respect of service before
his appointment as Comptroller, by reference to the
difference between the amount of the benefit granted
in his case under the civil service scheme and the
amount which would be payable under the judicial
scheme if that service had been service as Comptroller.
( 6 ) Any statutory instrument made by virtue of this section
shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of
the House of Commons.
( 7) Any pension or other benefit granted by virtue of this
section shall be charged on, and issued out of , the Consolidated
Fund .
C
c .11
66 Superannuation Act 1972
Metropolitan civil staffs .
14 .-(1 ) Section 15 of the Superannuation ( Miscellaneous Pro-
visions) Act 1967 ( which applies the legislation governing the
1967 с. 28.
superannuation of civil servants to certain persons employed
under the Commissioner of Police for the Metropolis, justices '
clerks for the inner London area and other persons employed by
the committee of magistrates for that area) shall be amended as
follows.
( 2 ) In subsection (1)(b) (definition of" civil service provisions ")
for the words from " the Superannuation Act " to "any other "
there shall be substituted the words " the principal civil service
pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972 and any ".
( 3) In subsection ( 3) (which empowers the Secretary of State
by regulations to provide that any of the civil service provisions
shall have effect for the purposes of pensions or other benefits
under the section and certain other purposes subject to excep-
tions, modifications and adaptations specified in the regulations) -
( a ) after the word " may ", where first occurring, there shall
be inserted the words " with the consent of the Minister
for the Civil Service "; and
( b) in paragraph ( a ), after the word " exceptions " there
shall be inserted the word " additions ".
( 4 ) Subsection (5) (which authorises the Secretary of State in
certain circumstances to confer on himself power to make rules
or regulations in relation to members of the metropolitan civil
staffs where the Minister has power to make similar rules or
regulations in relation to civil servants) shall be omitted.
(5) For subsection (6 ) ( which provides that regulations under
the section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of either House of Parliament ) there shall be substituted the
following subsection :-
" (6) Before making regulations under subsection (3) of
this section the Secretary of State shall consult with persons
appearing to him to represent the metropolitan civil staffs,
and before any such regulations come into operation the
Secretary of State shall lay a copy thereof before Parlia-
ment".
Members of
police forces,
special
constables
andpolice
cadets.
1948 с. 24.
15.- (1 ) Section 1 of the Police Pensions Act 1948 ( power
to make regulations providing for police pensions ) shall have
effect subject to the following amendments :-
( a ) in subsection ( 3), for the words " or terminated " there
shall be substituted the words " terminated or
forfeited " and at the end there shall be added the
words " and may provide for a pension to be forfeited
wholly or in part and for the forfeiture to be per-
manent or temporary " :
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 67
(b) in subsection ( 7), for the words from " and before "
onwards there shall be substituted the words " which
shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament ".
( 2 ) In section 4(1) of the said Act of 1948 ( forfeiture of
pensions) the words " granted under regulations made under
this Act is granted, and every pension " shall be omitted.
( 3) For section 5 of the said Act of 1948 ( appeals) there shall
be substituted the following section-
"Appeals. 5.- ( 1) Subject to subsections (3) and ( 4) below,
regulations made under section 1 of this Act shall
make provision as to the court or other person
by whom appeals are to be heard and determined
in the case of any person who is aggrieved-
( a ) by the refusal of the police authority to
admit a claim to receive as of right a
pension, or a larger pension than that
granted, under regulations made under
that section ; or
( b ) by the forfeiture of any pension granted to
him thereunder.
( 2) If any person is aggrieved by the forfeiture,
under the provisions in that behalf contained in
this Act, of any pension granted to him under any
of the enactments specified in Part I of the First
Schedule to this Act, he may appeal to the Crown
Court and that court, after enquiring into the case,
may make such order in the matter as appears to
the court to be just.
( 3) No provision made in the regulations by virtue
of subsection (1) of this section shall confer a right
of appeal against anything done by the police
authority in the exercise of any power which is
conferred on them by the regulations and is
expressly declared by the regulations to be a power
which they are to exercise in their discretion
( 4 ) The regulations may provide, in relation to
questions arising thereunder, for the reference of
any such matter as is prescribed, either by the
police authority, or by the court, to a medical
practitioner, whose decision thereon shall, subject
to such rights of appeal as may be provided by
the regulations to such tribunal as may be con-
stituted thereunder, be final on the matter so
referred .
( 5) In the application of this section to Scotland,
for the reference in subsection ( 2) to the Crown
Court there shall be substituted a reference to the
C2
68 Superannuation Act 1972
с. 11
sheriff having jurisdiction in the place where the
person concerned last served as a member of a
police force. "
( 4 ) The provisions of sections 4( 1) and ( 2) and 5(1) and (5)
of the said Act of 1948 as in force immediately before the com-
mencement of this Act shall, so far as they related to pensions
granted under regulations made under section 1 of that Act, be
deemed to have effect as if they were provisions of regulations
so made and in force on that date, and may be revoked
accordingly.
( 5) Section 12 (except subsections (3) and (6) ) of this Act
shall apply in relation to-
( a ) regulations under section 1 of the said Act of 1948 ;
( b) regulations relating to pensions under section 34 or 35
1964 с. 48.
of the Police Act 1964 (special constables and police
cadets ) ;
1967 с. 77.
( c) regulations under section 26(2)( k) of the Police ( Scot-
land) Act 1967 (regulations with respect to the applica-
tion to special constables of provisions relating to the
pensions payable to or in respect of regular constables) ;
or
( d ) regulations relating to pensions under section 27 of the
said Act of 1967 (police cadets),
as it applies in relation to regulations under section 7, 8 (2), 9
or 10 of this Act.
Members of
fire brigades. 1947 с. 41 .
16.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to the generality of section 26 of
the Fire Services Act 1947 (power to make order bringing the
Firemen's Pension Scheme into operation ), any Scheme under
that section may include provision for the payment by a fire
authority or the Secretary of State of transfer values as respects
persons who transfer or have transferred from employment in
respect of which awards may be made under the Scheme to
such other employment as may be specified in the Scheme.
( 2) Subsection ( 3) of the said section 26 ( circumstances in
which a pension may be provided under the Scheme) shall
cease to have effect.
( 3) Section 12 (except subsections (3) and (6 ) ) of this Act
shall, with the necessary modifications, apply in relation to an
order under the said section 26 as it applies in relation to
regulations under section 7, 8 (2) , 9 or 10 of this Act.
Persons
17.-( 1 ) After section 1 of the Merchant Shipping ( Mercantile
employed by general
Marine Fund) Act 1898 there shall be inserted the following
section : -
lighthouse
authorities, etc.
"Pension
1898 с. 44.
rights of certain
employees.
1A.-( 1 ) There shall be payable to or in respect of
persons whose salaries are paid out of the General
Lighthouse Fund such pensions, allowances or
Superannuation Act 1972 69
с. 11
gratuities as may be determined in accordance with,
in the case of such of those persons as are employed
by the Secretary of State, arrangements made by
him and, in the case of other such persons, arrange-
ments made by a general lighthouse authority and
approved by the Secretary of State, and those
benefits shall be charged on and payable out of
that Fund.
( 2) Section 210 of the Income and Corporation 1970 с. 10.
Taxes Act 1970 (contributions for widows' and cer-
tain other pensions not to qualify for tax relief ) ,
as amended by the Superannuation Act 1972, shall
apply in relation to contributions made in pursuance
of any such arrangements as are referred to in sub-
section ( 1 ) above by any person who is chargeable
to income tax under the Income Tax Acts as it
applies in relation to contributions made in accord-
ance with a scheme under section 1 of the said Act
of 1972 " .
( 2) Section 665 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 (power 1894 c. 60.
of general lighthouse authority to grant pensions) shall cease to
have effect.
18.-( 1 ) For section 11 of the Legal Aid and Advice Act Employees
1949 ( pension rights of employees of Law Society ) there shall of law
be substituted the following section-
societies.
1949 с. 51.
"Pension
11 .-( 1) The Law Society shall, with the approval
rights of
of the Lord Chancellor, make arrangements for the
employees.
provision of pensions, allowances or gratuities to or
in respect of persons employed by the Law Society
for the purpose of their functions under this Part
of this Act, and any such arrangements may include
the establishment and administration, by the Law
Society or otherwise, of a pension scheme with or
without a pension fund.
( 2) If the Lord Chancellor so directs, receipts and
expenses of the Law Society attributable to their
establishment and administration of a pension scheme
under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in
section 9 of this Act, be dealt with under the scheme
instead of being paid into and out of the legal aid
fund".
(2) For section 12 of the Legal Aid ( Scotland) Act 1967 1967 c. 43.
( pension rights of employees of Law Society of Scotland ) there
shall be substituted the following section-
"Pension
12.-(1 ) The Law Society shall , with the approval
rights
of
of the Secretary of State, make arrangements for
employees.
the provisions of pensions, allowances or gratuities
C3
с. 11
70 Superannuation Act 1972
to or in respect of persons employed by the Law
Society for the purpose of their functions under this
Act, and any such arrangements may include the
establishment and administration, by the Law Society
or otherwise, of a pension scheme with or without
a pension fund.
( 2 ) If the Secretary of State so directs, receipts
and expenses of the Law Society attributable to their
establishment and administration of a pension scheme
under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in
section 9 of this Act, be dealt with under the scheme
instead of being paid into and out of the legal aid
fund".
Members
and staff
ofcertain
Commissions.
1943 с. 5.
19.-( 1) Any Order in Council made under section 8 of
the Minister of Town and Country Planning Act 1943 ( power to
establish Commissions to assist the Secretary of State in the
exercise of his functions in relation to the use and development
of land) may provide for empowering the Commission established
by the Order-
( a ) to pay to or in respect of the following persons, that
is to say, the members of the Commission and the
officers and servants of the Commission, or to or in
respect of such of those persons as may be determined
by the Commission with the approval of the Secretary
of State, such pensions, allowances or gratuities as
may be so determined ;
( b) to make such payments towards the provision of such
pensions, allowances or gratuities as may be so deter-
mined ; or
( c ) to provide and maintain such schemes ( whether contri-
butory or not ) for the payment of such pensions,
allowances or gratuities as may be so determined.
(2) The Location of Offices Bureau established by the
S.I. 1963/792. Location of Offices Bureau Order 1963 made under the said
section 8 shall be deemed always to have had power to do all
such things as are referred to in paragraphs (a ), ( b) and ( c) of
subsection ( 1) above.
Officers and
servants of
certain river
authorities.
20.- ( 1 ) This section applies to the following persons,
1930 с. 44.
1950 с. 1.
namely-
(a) every officer and servant of the Conservators of the
River Thames ( " the Conservators ") to whom but
for any repeal made by this Act section 79( 8) of the
Land Drainage Act 1930 or section 53(2) of the
Thames Conservancy Act 1950 would have applied :
and
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 71
( b) every officer and servant of the Lee Conservancy Board
or of the Lee Conservancy Catchment Board ( " the
Catchment Board ") to whom but for any such repeal
section 80(7) of the said Act of 1930 would have
applied.
( 2) There shall be paid by the Conservators to or in respect
of the persons to whom this section applies by virtue of sub-
section ( 1) (a) above, and there shall be paid by the Catchment
Board to or in respect of the persons to whom this section
applies by virtue of subsection ( 1) (b) above, the same pensions,
allowances or gratuities as can be paid to or in respect of
persons employed in the civil service of the State, and the
principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning of
section 2 of this Act and for the time being in force shall
apply accordingly in relation to those persons with the necessary
adaptations.
( 3) The Conservators and the Catchment Board shall have all
such powers as may be necessary to enable them to comply
with subsection ( 2) above, including power to pay and receive
transfer values and to make payments towards the provision
of such pensions, allowances and gratuities as are referred to
in that subsection.
( 4 ) The Catchment Board shall be deemed always to have
had power to pay pensions, allowances or gratuities in respect
of persons to whom section 80(7) of the Land Drainage Act 1930 c. 44.
1930 at any time applied.
21.-( 1) For section 56 of the Civil Aviation Act 1971 (par- Employees
ticipation of employees of the British Airways Board in pension ofBritish
schemes established by the corporations) there shall be substituted Airways
Board, British
the following section : -
European
"Pensions .
56.-( 1 ) The Board may, in the case of such of Airways
the persons mentioned in subsection ( 3) below as Corporation,
British
may be determined by it , pay such pensions, allow- Overseas
ances or gratuities to or in respect of those persons Airways
as may be so determined, make such payments Corporation,
towards the provision of such pensions, allowances etc.
or gratuities as may be so determined or establish 1971 с. 75.
and maintain such schemes (whether contributory or
not ) for the payment of such pensions, allowances or
gratuities as may be so determined.
( 2 ) The Board may make arrangements with the
corporations whereby any or all of the functions of
the Board under subsection ( 1) above are to be
performed by the corporations .
( 3) The persons referred to in subsection ( 1) above
are-
( a) employees of any member of the group ;
C4
c . 11
72 Superannuation Act 1972
1967 6. 33.
(b) employees of the board of trustees of any
joint medical services of the group or of
the corporations ; and
( c ) persons employed by any other person in
connection with the management and
administration of any scheme established
and maintained by virtue of subsection ( 1)
or (2) above.
( 4) Section 24 of the Air Corporations Act 1967
( power to make regulations providing for pension
schemes for employees of the corporations and certain
other persons) shall cease to have effect, but any
scheme established by virtue of regulations made
under that section and in force immediately before
the commencement of this section shall, unless and
until terminated in accordance with its provisions ,
have effect as if-
( a ) it had been established by virtue of sub-
section (2) above ; and
( b ) the persons in respect of whose service bene-
fits may be provided under the scheme
included, in addition to the persons men-
tioned in subsection ( 1) of the said section
24, the other persons mentioned in sub-
section (3) above ;
and the reference in paragraph (c) of subsection (3)
above to any scheme established and maintained by
virtue of subsection (2) above shall be construed
accordingly .
( 5) The Board shall take such steps as it thinks
expedient to secure the participation in such a
scheme as is referred to in subsection ( 4) above, on
such terms as it thinks fit (which may include terms
as to the payment of contributions by participants
and their employers and former employers or any
of them ) , of such persons as the Board may deter-
mine, being employees of the Board or a joint sub-
sidiary or an undertaking which is a subsidiary by
reference to share capital held by, or a power to
appoint directors vested in, the Board.
(6 ) Where a participant in any such scheme as
is referred to in subsection (3) (c) above becomes-
(a) a member of the Board or of either of the
corporations, or
(b) a director of any other member of the group,
his service as such a member or director (whether
before or after the passing of this Act) shall be treated
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 73
for the purposes of the scheme as if it were service
as an employee of the member of the group, the
board of trustees or other person, as the case may be,
in whose employment he was or was treated for
those purposes as being when he became such a
member or director."
(2) The following enactments are hereby repealed, namely-
( a) in the Air Corporations Act 1967, section 24, in section 1967 c. 33.
29 the words from " and the transfer " to the end,
section 30 and in Schedule 2, Part II ;
(b) in the Civil Aviation Act 1968, section 25(2) (b) and 1968 с. 61.
the word " and " immediately preceding that para-
graph; and
( c ) in the Civil Aviation Act 1971, in Schedule 10, para- 1971 с. 75.
graph 20.
22.-( 1) Any body specified in column 1 of Schedule 4 to Pension
this Act may make any determination relating to, or connected schemes of
with, the provision of pensions, gratuities or other like benefits various
statutory
to or in respect of persons employed by it which it has power bodies :
to make under the enactment specified in relation to that body removal of
in column 2 of that Schedule without obtaining the approval requirement
or agreement of any Minister of the Crown or government to obtain
department whose approval of, or agreement to, that determina- Ministerial approval
tion is required by virtue of that enactment or by virtue of for certain
that enactment and any order made in pursuance of section 1 determina-
or 2 of the Ministers of the Crown (Transfer of Functions ) Act tions, etc.
1946 or section 4 of the Ministers of the Crown Act 1964. 1946 с. 31 .
1964 с. 98.
( 2 ) The Council for Professions Supplementary to Medicine
may approve any determination relating to pensions made under
paragraph 20(2) of Schedule 1 to the Professions Supplementary 1960 c. 66.
to Medicine Act 1960 by a board established under that Act
without obtaining the agreement of the Minister.
(3) Any pension scheme in force immediately before the
commencement of this Act, being a scheme which was referred to
in or established under section 12( 4) of the Port of London 1920 c. clxxiii.
( Consolidation) Act 1920 ( provision of pensions, etc.), and any
rules made in pursuance of such a scheme may be amended
without the approval of the Secretary of State .
( 4) So much of any provision contained in a document form-
ing part of any scheme for the provision of pensions, gratuities or
other like benefits to or in respect of persons employed by
industrial training boards established under section 1 of the
Industrial Training Act 1964 as prohibits any alteration being 1964 c. 16 .
made in that document, or any other document forming part of
such a scheme, without the approval of the Secretary of State
shall cease to have effect.
с. 11
74 Superannuation Act 1972
1949 с. 20.
Superan-
nuation Acts
to continue
toapply
to certain
persons.
1957 с. 62.
Compensation
for loss of
office, etc.
1948 с. 24.
1947 с. 41 .
( 5 ) Any provision contained in a document forming part of
a scheme for the provision of pensions, gratuities or other like
benefits to or in respect of persons employed by the National
Film Finance Corporation may, with the approval of the Secre-
tary of State, be amended to such extent as appears to him to
be necessary or expedient having regard to subsection ( 1) above,
as it applies in relation to the Corporation, and to any repeal
ofthe Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act 1949
made by this Act.
23.-(1 ) The repeal by this Act of any provisions of the
Superannuation Acts 1965 and 1967 shall not affect the con-
tinued operation of those Acts so far as immediately before
the repeal takes effect they apply in relation to any of the
persons listed in Schedule 5 to this Act.
( 2) The said repeal shall not affect any provision of the
Governors' Pensions Act 1957 by virtue of which superannuation
and additional allowances have been or may be granted under
the Superannuation Acts 1965 and 1967 to a Governor within
the meaning of the said Act of 1957 instead of, or in addition
to, a pension under that Act , and the said Acts of 1965 and
1967 shall accordingly continue to have effect for the purposes
of the Governors' Pensions Acts 1957 and 1967 and any rules
made thereunder.
Miscellaneous and Supplemental
24.-(1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, the Secretary of
State may, with the consent of the Minister, by regulations
provide for the payment by such person as may be prescribed
by or determined under the regulations of pensions, allowances
or gratuities by way of compensation to or in respect of the
following persons, that is to say, persons-
( a) in relation to whom regulations may be made under
section 7, section 9 or section 10 of this Act or section
1 of the Police Pensions Act 1948 or in relation to
whom a Scheme may be made in accordance with
section 26 of the Fire Services Act 1947 ( Firemen's
Pension Scheme) ; and
(b) who suffer loss of office or employment, or loss or
diminution of emoluments, in such circumstances, or
by reason of the happening of such an event, as may
be prescribed by the regulations.
( 2) Regulations under this section relating to persons in
relation to whom regulations may be made under section 7
of this Act may be made without the consent of the Minister .
c. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 75
( 3) Regulations under this section may-
( a ) include provision as to the manner in which and the
person to whom any claim for compensation is to be
made, and for the determination of all questions arising
under the regulations ;
( b) make different provision as respects different classes of
persons and different circumstances and make or
authorise the Secretary of State to make exceptions and
conditions ; and
(c ) be framed so as to have effect from a date earlier than
the making of the regulations,
but so that regulations having effect from a date earlier than
the date of their making shall not place any individual who is
qualified to participate in the benefits for which the regulations
provide in a worse position than he would have been in if the
regulations had been so framed as to have effect only from the
date of their making.
( 4) Regulations under this section may include all or any of
the provisions referred to in paragraphs 8, 9 and 13 of Schedule
3 to this Act.
( 5) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
25.-( 1 ) For subsections ( 1 ) to (4) of section 2 of the Pensions Pension
(Increase ) Act 1971 ( which provides for the future review of increases.
official pensions and payment of increases) there shall be sub- 1971 c. 56.
stituted the following subsections : -
" (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Minister
for the Civil Service, as soon as may be after 30th June
in the year 1972, and every year thereafter, shall review the
rates of official pensions against any rise there may have
beenin the cost of living during the review period, that is to
say-
( a ) the period of fifteen months ending with 30th June
1972 ( " the first review period " ) ; or
( b) the period of twelve months ending with 30th June
in the year 1973 and every year thereafter ;
and if it is found that in the review period the cost of living
has risen by two per cent. or more, then the Minister shall
by order provide that the annual rate of an official pension
may, if a qualifying condition is satisfied , be increased in
accordance with the order in respect of any period beginning
on or after 1st December next following the review period.
с . 11
76 Superannuation Act 1972
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, the increases to be
provided for by an order under this section shall be as
follows :-
( a) for pensions beginning on or before the first day of
the review period the increase shall be in the
proportion (to the nearest one-tenth of one per
cent. ) in which the cost of living has risen during
the review period ; and
( b) for pensions beginning-
( i) in the half year following that day ; or
(ii ) in the next succeeding half year ending.
in the case of the first review period, with
1st April 1972 and, in the case of any other
review period, with the day after the end
of that period ; or
( iii ) in the three months ending with 1st July
1972,
the increases shall be in the proportion (to the
nearest one-tenth of one per cent.) in which the
cost of living is found to have risen between the
basis period for that half year or that period of
three months, as the case may be, and the end
of the review period, if the cost of living in the
basis period is taken as the mean of the monthly
figures.
( 2A ) For purposes of subsection (2) (b) above-
( a ) the basis period for any half year is the six months
ending with the first month of the half year or, if
the cost of living is lower in the half year than in
those six months, is the half year itself ;
( b) the basis period for the period of three months
specified in sub-paragraph (iii) is the period of
three months ending with 1st February 1972 or,
if the cost of living is lower in the period so
specified, is that period.
( 3) Where the rise referred to in subsection (2)(b) above
is less for any half year than two per cent., there shall only
be an increase for pensions beginning in that half year if
there is one for pensions beginning in a later half year, and
the increase (if there is one) shall be two per cent .; but
where this subsection prevents there being an increase for
pensions beginning in any half year, then the order made in
respect of the next review period shall for those pensions
authorise, instead of an increase calculated in accordance
with subsection (2) (a) above, such increase as would result
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 77
if that prevented by this subsection had been made and were
followed by one calculated in accordance with subsection
( 2 ) (a) by reference to the rate as so increased.
( 4 ) Where on any review under this section it is not
found that the cost of living has risen by two per cent. or
more in the review period, the review in the next year shall be
for the same review period extended by twelve months ; and
if it is found that the cost of living has risen by two per
cent. or more in the ( extended) review period, the provisions
of this section shall apply subject to the modification that
for subsection (2) (b) (ii) and (iii) there shall be substituted
the following : -
' (ii) in any of the succeeding half years up to that
ending with the day after the end of the review
period ' . "
( 2 ) For subsection (3) of section 9 of the said Act of 1971
( which relates to gratuities and lump sums) there shall be sub-
stituted the following subsection : -
" (3) In respect of any lump sum or instalment of a lump
sum which becomes payable after the day following the
last day of a review period but before 1st December next
following the review period there may be paid by virtue of
section 2 above the same increase as if it became payable
on that date."
( 3) After subsection ( 4 ) of the said section 9 there shall be
inserted the following subsection : -
" ( 4A ) Subsection ( 4) above shall have effect in relation
to the first review period as if the period of three months
ending with 1st July 1972 were a half year ending with
that date. "
26.- ( 1 ) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Financial
provisions.
Parliament-
( a ) any expenses incurred by a Minister of the Crown in
the payment in accordance with schemes made under
section 1 of this Act or regulations made under section
9, 10 or 24 thereof of pensions, allowances, gratuities
or other sums ;
( b ) expenses incurred by a Secretary of State in making any
such payments as are referred to in section 9( 4) of this
Act ;
( c ) any administrative expenses incurred by a government
department in consequence of this Act ; and
( d ) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act
in the sums payable under any other enactment out of
moneys so provided.
c. 11
78 Superannuation Act 1972
( 2 ) Subject to any scheme made under section 1 of this Act
or to regulations made under section 9 or 10 of this Act, there
shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund all sums received by
a Minister of the Crown by virtue of this Act.
Dissolution
ofCivil
Service
Committee
for Northern
Ireland.
1920 с. 67.
1922 с. 2
( 13 Geo. 5
( Sess. 2. )).
1947 с. 37.
27.-(1 ) The Civil Service Committee for Northern Ireland
shall cease to exist and, accordingly, section 56 of the Gov-
ernment of Ireland Act 1920 (establishment of Committee)
and paragraph 7( 1) of Schedule 1 to the Irish Free State (Con-
sequential Provisions Act ) 1922 (Session 2 ) (amendment of con-
stitution of Committee ) shall cease to have effect.
( 2) In the proviso to section 8( 1) of the Northern Ireland Act
1947, and in the proviso to section 9(1) of that Act ( determina-
tion by the said Committee of certain questions relating to the
position of officers who became officers of the Government
of Northern Ireland by virtue of the said section 8( 1) or 9 ( 1)) ,
for the words " the Civil Service Committee for Northern
Ireland " there shall be substituted the words " a referee ap-
pointed by the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland ".
Certain
28.- (1 ) Paragraph 11 of Schedule 1 to the Forestry Act
enactments
1947, and in the proviso to section 9( 1) of that Act ( determina-
relating to
superannuation benefits to a person who retires from the office
superan-
nuation of
of Forestry Commissioner while under the age of 60 without
Forestry
renewal of public employment and who is not entitled to a
Commissioners pension by virtue of other provisions of that Schedule) shall
and to
cease to have effect.
declarations
required from
recipients
ofcertain
pensions to
cease to
have effect.
( 2) Section 6 of the Appropriation Act 1957 (which prohibits
the receipt of any payment out of moneys provided by Parlia-
ment for half- pay or navy, army, air-force or civil non- effective
services unless the prescribed declaration has been made by the
recipient) shall cease to have effect.
1967 с. 10.
1957 с. 63 .
Amendments,
savings, transitional
provisions
and repeals.
1889 с. 63.
29.- (1) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 6 to this
Act shall have effect subject to the minor and consequential
amendments specified therein.
( 2) The savings and transitional provisions contained in
Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect.
( 3) The inclusion in this Act of any express saving, transi-
tional provision or amendment shall not be taken as prejudicing
the operation of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889
( which relates to the effect of repeals).
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 79
( 4) Subject to section 23 of this Act, and Schedule 7 thereto,
the enactments mentioned in Schedule 8 to this Act ( which
include certain enactments already spent or otherwise unneces-
sary) are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3
of that Schedule.
30.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Superannuation Act Short title,
1972. construction
of references
( 2) References in this Act to an enactment include an enact- commence-
ment in a local Act and a provisional order confirmed by ment and
extent.
Parliament, and any reference in this Act to any enactment or
instrument shall be construed as a reference to that enactment
or instrument as amended, and includes a reference thereto as
extended or applied, by or under any other enactment or instru-
ment, including any enactment contained in this Act.
( 3) Section 21 of this Act and paragraphs 68 and 96 of
Schedule 6 thereto shall come into force on such day as the
Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument
appoint.
( 4) The other provisions of this Act shall come into force on
such day as the Minister may by order made by statutory instru-
ment appoint, and references in this Act to the commencement
thereof shall be construed as references to the day appointed
by an order under this subsection.
( 5) This section, and the following provisions only of this
Act, extend to Northern Ireland, that is to say, -
( a ) sections 1 to 6 and Schedules 1 and 2 ;
( b) sections 13 and 17 ;
(c ) section 21 ;
( d ) section 22(1) and (2) and Schedule 4 so far as they
relate to any body exercising functions in relation to
Northern Ireland ;
(e) section 23 and paragraph 2 of Schedule 5 ;
( f ) section 26, so far as applicable, and sections 27 and
28(2) ;
( g ) section 29 and Schedules 6 and 8, so far as they relate
to any enactment which extends to Northern Ireland
and paragraphs 1 to 3, 10, 11 and 13 to 15 of
Schedule 7.
с. 11
80 Superannuation Act 1972
Section 1.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
KINDS OF EMPLOYMENT, ETC. , REFERRED TO IN SECTION 1
Museums and Galleries
British Museum.
British Museum ( Natural History) .
Imperial War Museum.
London Museum.
National Gallery.
National Maritime Museum.
National Portrait Gallery.
Tate Gallery .
Wallace Collection.
National Galleries of Scotland.
National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland.
Royal Commissions and other Commissions
Royal Fine Art Commission.
Royal Fine Art Commission for Scotland.
Historical Manuscripts Commission.
Commission on Industrial Relations.
Monopolies Commission.
Standing Commission on Museums and Galleries.
Royal Commission on Historical Monuments ( England) .
Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments ( Wales
and Monmouthshire).
Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments of
Scotland.
Other Bodies
Gaming Board for Great Britain.
National Economic Development Council.
National Library of Scotland.
Public Works Loan Board.
Race Relations Board.
Scottish Land Court.
Offices
Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District .
Falkland Macer.
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 81
SCHEDULE 2
Section 2.
THE EXISTING CIVIL SERVICE SUPERANNUATION PROVISIONS
PART I
Enactments
The Pensions Commutation Acts 1871 to 1882, in so far as
they apply to persons to whom section 1 of this Act applies.
Section 281 of the Government of India Act 1935.
Section 26 of the Agriculture Act 1937.
Section 18 of the Old Age and Widows' Pensions Act 1940.
Part II of the Schedule to the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provi-
1935 с. 2
( 26 Geo. 5 &
1 Edw. 8.) .
1937 с. 70.
1940 с. 13.
1944 с. 28.
sions) Act 1944.
Section 6 of the Food and Drugs ( Milk and Dairies ) Act 1944.
1944 с. 29.
Section 6(2)(d ) ( i), (ii) and (iii ) of the Commonwealth Telegraphs 1949 c. 39.
Act 1949.
Section 53 of the Superannuation Act 1949. 1949 с. 44.
So much of section 2( 7 ) of the Supreme Court Officers (Pensions) 1954 с. 38.
Act 1954 as provides for such employments of such persons as are
referred to therein to be treated as having been employment in the
civil service of the State.
The Superannuation Act 1965, except sections 38, 39, 39A, 42(1 ), 1965 с. 74.
93, 95, 96, 97, 102, 104(2) and 106, Schedule 9, paragraphs 10 and
11 of Schedule 10 and Schedule 11 .
Section 1 of the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1967 с. 28.
1967.
Section 45 of the Post Office Act 1969. 1969 с. 48.
PART II
Instruments
The following, in so far as they are in force immediately before the
commencement of this Act : -
Any rules, regulations, orders, schemes or warrants made, or
having effect as if made, under an enactment listed in Part I
above, except any regulations made under section 6(2) of
the Commonwealth Telegraphs Act 1949 in so far as they
apply to persons who have ceased to be employed in the
civil service of the State.
Article 6 of the Government of Ireland (Miscellaneous Adapta- S.R. & O.
tions ) ( Northern Ireland) Order 1923 . 1923/803.
The National Insurance (Modification of the Superannuation S.I. 1948/498.
Acts) Regulations 1948.
The National Insurance (Modification of the Superannuation S.I. 1949/1620.
Acts ) ( Amendment ) Regulations 1949.
The National Insurance (Modification of the Superannuation S.I. 1960/1270.
Acts) Regulations 1960.
с . 11
82 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 2
S.I. 1961/1358.
S.I. 1965/102.
S.I. 1965/1296.
S.I. 1971/1441 .
The National Insurance ( Modification of the Superannuation
Acts ) Regulations 1961 .
The Widows', Children's and Dependants' Pensions (India and
Pakistan ) Rules 1965, in so far as they apply to persons who
at the commencement of this Act are serving in employment
in the civil service of the State.
The National Insurance ( Modification of the Superannuation
Acts ) (Amendment ) Regulations 1965.
The National Insurance ( Modification of the Superannuation
Acts ) ( Amendment ) Regulations 1971 .
Sections 7, 9, 10,
24 .
SCHEDULE 3
PROVISIONS WHICH MAY BE INCLUDED IN CERTAIN REGULATIONS
1. Provision as to the means by which the cost of providing the
benefits for which the regulations provide is to be defrayed,
including provision for the making of contributions or other pay-
ments by persons entitled to participate in such benefits and by the
employers of those persons or such other persons as may be prescribed
by the regulations.
2. Provision for the establishment and administration of super-
annuation funds, the management and application of the assets
of such funds, the amalgamation of all or any of such funds, and the
winding up of , or other dealing with, any such fund.
3. Provision for the payment and receipt of transfer values or
in lieu thereof for the transfer or receipt of any fund or part of
a fund or policy of insurance.
4. Provision for reckoning in respect of a person to whom the regu-
lations apply any service in employment or as the holder of an
office ( other than service in respect of which benefits are payable
under the regulations ) as service in respect of which such benefits
are payable, either unconditionally or subject to such conditions as
may be prescribed by the regulations and either as respects the whole
of the service or as respects such fraction thereof as may be so
prescribed .
In this paragraph " employment" includes engagement in any
service.
5. Provision for the making by such persons as may be pre-
scribed by the regulations of payments towards the provision (other-
wise than under the regulations) of pensions, allowances or gratuities
in such cases as may be determined in accordance with the
regulations.
6. Provision as to the circumstances in which contributions paid
by any person in accordance with the regulations, or any part thereof,
may be repaid with or without interest.
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 83
7. Provision for securing that where-
( a ) the regulations provide for the payment to or in respect
of a person of a pension in consequence of his having
become incapacitated, or having died, as a result of an
injury sustained, or disease contracted, in circumstances
prescribed by the regulations ; and
(b) any damages in respect of the injury, disease or death in
consequence of which the pension is paid are recovered by
or on behalf of the person to whom the pension is paid,
the amount of any payments made to that person in respect of the
pension before the right to or amount of such damages is finally
determined, or such part of those payments as may be determined
in accordance with the regulations, may be recovered from that
person in such circumstances and subject to such conditions as the
regulations may provide.
In this paragraph " pension " includes allowance and gratuity.
8. Provision authorising the payment, without probate or other
proof of title, of any sum due under the regulations in respect of a
person who has died to his personal representatives or such other
persons as may be prescribed by the regulations .
9. Provision rendering void any assignment of or charge on, or
any agreement to assign or charge, any benefit under the regulations,
and provision that on the bankruptcy of a person entitled to such
a benefit no part thereof shall pass to any trustee or other person
acting on behalf of the creditors except in accordance with an order
made by a court in pursuance of any enactment specified in the
regulations.
In the application of this paragraph to Scotland for the references
to assignment and to the bankruptcy of a person there shall be
substituted respectively references to assignation and to the sequestra-
tion of the estate of a person.
10. Provision for the determination of all questions arising under
the regulations and for any decision which falls to be taken by a
Minister of the Crown in accordance with the regulations to be
final.
11. Provision for conferring on such persons as may be prescribed
by the regulations such functions as the Secretary of State considers
necessary or expedient for purposes of the regulations.
12. Provision repealing or amending any provision in any Act
of Parliament, whether public general, local or private, including an
Act confirming a provisional order, or in any order or other instru-
ment made under any such Act, where it appears to the Secretary of
State that that provision is inconsistent with, or has become unneces-
sary or requires modification in consequence of, the regulations .
13. Such incidental, supplementary, consequential and transitional
provisions as appear to the Secretary of State to be necessary or
expedient .
SCH. 3
с. 11
84 Superannuation Act 1972
Section 22.
SCHEDULE 4
BODIES TO WHOM SECTION 22 RELATES
Body
Enactment under which determination
made
1965 с. 16. 1957 с. 21 . British Airports Authority...
British Film Fund Agency...
Airports Authority Act 1965, Schedule 1,
paragraph 9(1 ) .
Cinematograph Films Act 1957, Schedule,
paragraph 5( 1 ) (b) .
1968 с. 73 . Channel Tunnel Planning
Transport Act 1968, Schedule 15 , para-
1961 с. 49. Covent Garden Market Act 1961, Schedule
1, paragraph 8 ( 2)(b) .
1964 с. 21 . Council
1959 с. 23 .
Commonwealth Development
1960 с. 66.
Corporation CouncilforProfessions Supple-
mentary to Medicine
Covent Garden Market
Authority
Independent Television
Authority
...
graph 8( 2)(b).
Overseas Resources Development Act
1959, Schedule 1, paragraph 6(b) .
Professions Supplementary to Medicine
Act 1960, Schedule 1, paragraph 20 ( 1) .
Television Act 1964, Schedule 1, para-
graph 7( 2 ).
1964 с. 16. Industrial Training Board
Industrial Training Act 1964, Schedule,
paragraph 10.
1967 с. 22. Meat and Livestock Commis-
sion
1949 с. 20. National Film Finance Cor-
poration
Agriculture Act 1967, Schedule 1, Part II,
paragraph 8 ( 2)( b) .
Cinematograph Film Production ( Special
Loans) Act 1949, Schedule, paragraph 6
( b).
1964 с. 40. National Ports Council
...
Harbours Act 1964, Schedule 1, paragraph
8(2)(b) .
1967 с. 32.
National Research Develop- | Development of Inventions Act 1967,
ment Corporation Schedule, paragraph 6.
1969 с. 48. PostOffice ... ... ...
Post Office Act 1969, section 43(1).
1956 с. 48. Sugar Board... ...
Sugar Act 1956, Schedule 2, paragraph
7(2) (b) .
1970 с. 11 . White Fish Authority... Sea Fish Industry Act 1970, Schedule 1,
paragraph 15.
Section 23.
1951 с. 46.
1924 с. 17.
1925 с. 49.
SCHEDULE 5
PERSONS REFERRED TO IN SECTION 23
1. The President of the Transport Tribunal.
2. A person holding the office of Judge Advocate General who
duly elects, or has duly elected, that section 34(1) of the Courts-
Martial (Appeals ) Act 1951 shall apply to him.
3. A registrar to whom section 4 of the County Courts Act 1924
applies.
4. A person to whom the provisions of section 128(1) of the
Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation ) Act 1925, other than
the proviso to that subsection, apply.
c. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 85
5. Any such registrar as is referred to in section 21 of the County
SCH. 5
Courts Act 1934, or in relation to whom that section applies by virtue 1934 c. 53 .
of section 25(2) of the Administration of Justice Act 1956, other than 1956 c. 46.
a registrar who for the purposes of superannuation is deemed by
virtue of the said section 21 or the said section 25(2) , as the case may
be, to be employed in the civil service of the State.
6. Any person in relation to whom, by virtue of rules made under
section 39A of the Superannuation Act 1965, that Act applies with 1965 c. 74.
or without modification.
SCHEDULE 6
CONSEQUENTIAL AND MINOR AMENDMENTS
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland ) 1877
1. In section 76 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland )
1877 for the words from " and whose " to the end substitute " shall
for the purposes of superannuation be deemed to be employed in the
civil service of the State. "
Judicial Factors ( Scotland ) Act 1889
2. In section 1 of the Judicial Factors (Scotland ) Act 1889 for the
words from " No " to the end substitute " The principal civil service
pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of the Superannuation
Act 1972 and for the time being in force shall apply in relation to
the accountant and the said clerks as it applies in relation to persons
to whom section 1 of that Act applies ".
Clerks of Session ( Scotland ) Regulation Act 1889
3. For section 8 of the Clerks of Session ( Scotland ) Regulation Act
1889 substitute-
" 8. The principal civil service pension scheme within the
meaning of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for
the time being in force shall apply in relation to persons
appointed to offices in the Court of Session as it applies in
relation to persons to whom section 1 of that Act applies. "
Development and Road Improvement Funds Act 1910
4. For section 2( 2) of the Development and Road Improvement
Funds Act 1910 substitute-
"( 2 ) The Development Commissioners may, with the approval
of the Minister for the Civil Service, make schemes providing
for the payment out of the Development Fund of pensions,
allowances or gratuities to or in respect of the persons employed
by them, and schemes made under this section shall be so
framed as to correspond, so far as is appropriate, with the
principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning of
section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time being
inforce .
Section 29.
1877 с. 57 .
1889 с. 39.
1889 с. 54.
1910 с. 7.
с. 11
86 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 6
1922 с. 55.
1925 с. 49.
1927 с. 35.
1933 с. 41 .
( 3) Section 210 of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970
( contributions for widows' and certain other pensions not to
qualify for tax relief ), as amended by the said Act of 1972,
shall apply in relation to contributions made in accordance with
schemes made under subsection (2) above as it applies in rela-
tion to contributions made in accordance with schemes made
under section 1 of the said Act of 1972."
Constabulary (Ireland ) Act 1922
5. In section 1( 5 ) of the Constabulary ( Ireland ) Act 1922 for " the
permanent civil service of the Crown on " substitute " a public civil
office in consequence of ".
Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925
6. In section 118( 1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consoli-
dation ) Act 1925 for " a permanent civil servant " substitute
" employed in the civil service " .
7. In proviso ( i ) to section 128(1) of the said Act of 1925 for the
words from " a civil " to " 1887 " substitute " employed in the civil
service of the State " and for the words from "general" to the end
substitute " provisions of the principal civil service pension scheme
for the time being in force".
8. In section 128A(1) of the said Act of 1925 omit " part-time
66
or " and for a permanent civil servant substitute " employed in
the civil service ".
Sheriff Courts and Legal Officers (Scotland ) Act 1927
9. In section 1( 3) of the Sheriff Courts and Legal Officers (Scotland )
Act 1927 for " the Superannuation Acts 1834 to 1919 " substitute
" the principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning of
section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time being
inforce".
10. In section 6 of the said Act of 1927 for the words from
" to be " to the end substitute " for all purposes to be employed in
the civil service of the State ".
11. In section 7( 2 ) of the said Act of 1927 for " the Superannuation
Acts 1834 to 1919 " substitute " superannuation ".
Administration of Justice ( Scotland ) Act 1933
12. In section 28 of the Administration of Justice ( Scotland ) Act
1933 for the words from " the conditions " to the end substitute " the
principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning of section 2
of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time being in force
shall apply in relation to persons appointed to any such office as it
applies in relation to persons to whom section 1 of that Act applies ".
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 87
Assessor of Public Undertakings ( Scotland ) Act 1934
SCH. 6
13. For section 2 of the Assessor of Public Undertakings ( Scotland ) 1934 с. 22 .
Act 1934 substitute :-
" 2.- (1) There may be granted to or in respect of the
Assessor of Public Undertakings (Scotland) (hereinafter referred
to as the assessor) and to or in respect of the clerks or other
officers whom he may be allowed to employ such pensions,
allowances or gratuities as the Secretary of State may determine .
( 2 ) The Secretary of State shall so far as may be exercise his
powers under this section as if the principal civil service pension
scheme within the meaning of section 2 of the Superannuation
Act 1972 and for the time being in force applied to the assessor
and the clerks and other officers aforesaid, and the relevant pro-
visions of that scheme and also section 210 of the Income and
Corporation Taxes Act 1970 ( contributions for widows' and
certain other pensions not to qualify for tax relief ), as amended
by the said Act of 1972, shall with any necessary adaptations
apply accordingly. "
14. In section 3 of the said Act of 1934 for " superannuation "
( where first occurring) substitute " pensions " .
County Courts Act 1934
15. In section 21(1) of the County Courts Act 1934 for the words
from " ( b) " to the end substitute " of his desire to continue subject
to the provisions of the principal civil service pension scheme for the
time being in force he shall, for the purposes of superannuation, be
deemed not to be a whole-time registrar but to be employed in the
civil service of the State ".
1934 с. 53.
Land Registration Act 1936
16. In section 7( a) of the Land Registration Act 1936 for the words
from " under " to the end substitute " payable by virtue of schemes
made under section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 " .
1936 с. 26.
Superannuation (Various Services) Act 1938
17. In the Schedule to the Superannuation ( Various Services) Act
1938, in Part I, for the words from " The Merchant Shipping Act "
to " 1898 " substitute " The Merchant Shipping ( Mercantile Marine
Fund ) Act 1898, section 1A, as inserted by section 17 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972 " .
1938 с. 13
Scottish Land Court Act 1938
18. In section 1( 2 ) of the Scottish Land Court Act 1938 for " The
Superannuation Acts 1834 to 1935 " substitute " The principal civil
service pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of the
Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time being in force " and for
"those Acts apply to persons in the permanent " substitute " that
scheme applies to persons employed in the " .
1938 с. 31 .
с . 11
88 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 6
1947 с. 43.
C.A.M. 1947
No. 2.
Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947
19. In section 96 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1947
for " the Local Government Superannuation ( Scotland ) Act, 1937
or any other " substitute " any regulations made under section 7 of the
Superannuation Act 1972 or any " and for " Act of 1937 or such
other " substitute " regulations, " .
20. In section 260( 2 ) of the said Act of 1947 for " the Local
Government Superannuation ( Scotland ) Act 1937 " substitute " any
regulations made under section 7 of the Superannuation Act 1972 "
and for " that Act " substitute " those regulations ".
Church Commissioners Measure 1947
21. For paragraph (b) of the proviso to section 17(1) of the Church
Commissioners Measure 1947 substitute : -
"( b ) the superannuation benefits to be granted to or in respect of
him on his retirement or death shall not be less than those
which might have been awarded had the provisions of the
principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning
of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and then in
force applied to him, and the Commissioners shall have the
like power to permit the allocation of such benefits to the
spouse or dependants of such an officer as they would have
had by virtue of section 1 of the Superannuation ( Various
Services) Act 1938 had that section not been repealed ."
22. At the end of the said section 17 insert-
" ( 3) Section 210 of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act
1970 (contributions for widows' and certain other pensions not
to qualify for tax relief ), as amended by the Superannuation
Act 1972, shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply in relation
to contributions towards the cost of a pension payable by virtue
of subsection ( 1) of this section to the widow (or, as the case may
be, widower) , children or dependants of a transferred officer,
being an officer in relation to whom the scheme referred to in
that subsection is applied, made by that officer to the Church
Commissioners."
1948 с. 24.
Police Pensions Act 1948
23. In section 3(1) of the Police Pensions Act 1948 for the words
from the beginning to the end of paragraph (a ) of the proviso, sub-
stitute " Nothing in regulations made under section 1 of this Act
shall ".
1948 с. 26.
Local Government Act 1948
24. In section 108 of the Local Government Act 1948-
( a ) in subsection (2)(b)(i) for the words from " the Superannua-
"
tion" to Act, 1937 " substitute " the principal civil
service pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of
the Superannuation Act 1972 or of regulations made under
section 7 of that Act in its application to Scotland " ;
c . 11
Superannuation Act 1972 89
( b ) in subsection (2)(b)(ii) after " enactment " insert or
scheme " and for " Act of 1937 " substitute " regulations " ;
and
( c ) in subsection (3) for the words from " the Local Government
Superannuation (Scotland) " to the end substitute " regula-
tions made under section 7 of the Superannuation Act 1972
in its application to Scotland there were substituted a refer-
ence to regulations made under that section in its
application to England and Wales ".
Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions ) Act 1948
25. In section 2 of the Superannuation ( Miscellaneous Provisions)
Act 1948-
( a ) in subsection (1), proviso (ii ) after " ( c) " insert " (cc) " ;
(b ) for subsection (2)(a) substitute-
" ( a ) employment by virtue of which the person
employed is a person to whom section 1 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972 applies " ;
(c ) for subsection ( 2)(c) substitute-
" ( c ) employment by virtue of which the person
employed is or is deemed to be, or, but for any rules
made under this section, would be or be deemed to be,
a contributory employee or local Act contributor within
the meaning of regulations made under section 7 of the
said Act of 1972 in its application to England and Wales ;
( cc ) employment by virtue of which the person employed
is, or is deemed to be, or, but for any rules made under
this section, would be or be deemed to be a contributory
employee or local Act contributor within the meaning of
regulations made under the said section 7 in its applica-
tion to Scotland " ;
( d ) for subsection (2 )(e) substitute-
"( e ) employment by virtue of which the person employed
is entitled to participate in superannuation benefits pro-
vided under regulations made under section 9 of the said
Act of 1972 in its application to England and Wales ; "
( e ) for subsection (2 )(ee) substitute-
" (ee ) employment by virtue of which the person
employed is entitled to participate in superannuation
benefits provided under regulations made under the
said section 9 in its application to Scotland ; "
66
( f ) in subsection ( 3)(iii ) for or " substitute " and in relation
to the class specified in paragraph ( cc) thereof " ;
( g ) in subsection ( 4)( e) after " ( c ) " insert " paragraph (cc ) ".
26. In section 17(1) of the said Act of 1948-
( a ) immediately before the definition of pension insert
"
" local Act scheme ' has the same meaning as in section 8
of the Superannuation Act 1972 " ; and
( b ) in the definition of " pension fund ", for the words from
SCH. 6
1948 с. 33 .
с . 11
90 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 6
1949 с. 93.
1951 с. 46.
1951 с. 65.
" the Metropolitan " onwards substitute " in relation to
schemes made under section 1 of the Superannuation Act
1972 and regulations made under section 9 thereof, the
Consolidated Fund ".
National Health Service (Amendment) Act 1949
27. In section 18 of the National Health Service ( Amendment) Act
1949, in subsection (1 ), for " subsection (1) of section sixty- seven of
the Act of 1946 " substitute " section 10 of the Superannuation Act
1972 " and in subsection (5 ) omit the words from " and for " to the
end .
Courts -Martial ( Appeals) Act 1951
28. In section 34( 4 ) of the Courts-Martial ( Appeals ) Act 1951 , for
the words from " the Superannuation ", where first occurring, to
" Crown " substitute " the principal civil service pension scheme
within the meaning of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and
for the time being in force shall have effect in his case as if service
in that office were service in employment in the civil service of the
State. "
29. For section 35 of the said Act of 1951 substitute-
" 35. The principal civil service pension scheme within the
meaning of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for
the time being in force shall have effect as if employment as
such an officer as is mentioned in section 30( 1) of this Act were
employment in the civil service of the State."
Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act
1951
30. In section 46( 3) of the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces ( Protection
of Civil Interests ) Act 1951 for paragraphs (i ) and (ii ) substitute-
" (i ) regulations made under section 7 or 10 of the Superannua-
tion Act 1972 ; or
(ii) any local Act scheme ; or ".
31. In section 61(1 ) of the said Act of 1951 for paragraphs (b)
and ( c ) substitute-
" (b) any regulations made under section 7 or 10 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972 ( which relate respectively to the super-
annuation of local government officers etc. and national
health service officers) ;
( c ) any local Act scheme ;" .
32. In section 64 of the said Act of 1951 for the definitions of
" local authority" and " local Act scheme " substitute-
" ' local authority ' has the same meaning as in paragraph
6 (1) of Schedule 3 to the Pensions ( Increase ) Act 1971 and
any reference in this Act to a local authority shall apply
also to the bodies mentioned in paragraph 6( 2 ) of that
Schedule ;
' local Act scheme ' means the superannuation scheme
administered by a local authority maintaining a superannua-
tion fund under a local Act ; ".
c. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 91
33. In Schedule 2 to the said Act of 1951, in Part I, for paragraph
8 substitute-
" 8. Registration officer with-
The local authority in whose
in the meaning of regula-
employment he is or is
tions made under sec-
tion 7 of the Super-
deemed for the purposes
of those regulations to
annuation Act 1972.
be. "
Supreme Court Officers (Pensions) Act 1954
34. In section 4(1)(b) of the Supreme Court Officers ( Pensions) Act
1954-
( a ) for " the Superannuation Acts 1834 to 1950 " substitute " the
principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning
of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for the
time being in force " ; and
(b ) omit the words from " and shall " to the end.
Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956
35. In section 2( 5 ) of the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956 for
the words from " the Superannuation " to the end substitute " the
principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning of section 2
of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time being in force shall,
with the necessary adaptations, apply to officers and servants of the
Court as it applies to other persons employed in the civil service of
the State".
Governors Pensions Act 1957
36. In section 11 of the Governors' Pensions Act 1957 omit " in
an established capacity " and for " the Superannuation Acts " sub-
stitute " the principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning
of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time being
in force".
Overseas Service Act 1958
37. For section 3(1) of the Overseas Service Act 1958 substitute-
" (1) Service as an officer to whom this Act applies shall not
be taken to be service in employment in the civil service of the
State for the purposes of section 1 of the Superannuation Act
1972 (superannuation of civil servants, etc.). "
Road Traffic Act 1960
38. In section 126 of the Road Traffic Act 1960 for " The Superan-
nuation Acts 1834 to 1950 " substitute " The principal civil service
pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of the Superannuation
Act 1972 and for the time being in force ".
Covent Garden Market Act 1961
39. In Schedule 1 to the Covent Garden Market Act 1961, in
paragraph 8(2)(b), for " pensions " substitute " pensions, allowances
or gratuities ".
SCH. 6
1954 с. 38.
1956 с. 68.
1957 с. 62.
1958 с. 14.
1960 с. 16.
1961 с. 49.
с. 11
92 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 6
1961 с. 62.
1962 с. 46.
1962 с. 47.
1963 с. 38.
1964 с. 21 .
Trustee Investments Act 1961
40. In section 11( 4)(c) of the Trustee Investments Act 1961 for the
words from " a combination scheme " to the end substitute " those
authorities acting in combination in accordance with regulations
made under section 7 of the Superannuation Act 1972 " .
Transport Act 1962
41. In Schedule 10 to the Transport Act 1962, in paragraph 8.
omit the words in sub-paragraph (1) from " (including " to " retire-
ment ) " and after the said sub-paragraph (1) insert-
"(1A ) There shall be paid to or in respect of the clerk, officers
and servants of the tribunal such pensions, allowances or
gratuities as the Secretary of State, with the approval of the
Minister for the Civil Service, may determine, and those pen-
sions , allowances or gratuities shall be the same as could be
paid to or in respect of those persons if they were persons to
whom section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 applies, and the
principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning of
section 2 of the said Act of 1972 and also section 210 of the
Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 ( contributions for
widows' and certain other pensions not to qualify for tax relief ).
as amended by the said Act of 1972, shall apply accordingly with
any necessary adaptations. "
Education (Scotland ) Act 1962
42. In section 145 of the Education ( Scotland ) Act 1962, in para-
graph ( 48) for " the Teachers Superannuation ( Scotland ) Act 1968 "
substitute " section 9 of the Superannuation Act 1972 ".
Water Resources Act 1963
43. In section 97 of the Water Resources Act 1963-
( a ) in subsection ( 2), for the words from " and section 35 " to the
end substitute " and any question as to the existence or extent
of any such customary obligations shall be determined by
the Secretary of State whose decision shall be final :
Provided that the Secretary of State may at any time
before the question is determined, and shall, if so directed
by the High Court, state in the form of a special case for
the opinion of the High Court any question of law arising
in those proceedings " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 3), for the words from " and section 35 " to the
end substitute " and any question arising under this sub-
section shall be determined as if it were such a question
as is mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) of this section " ; and
( c ) in subsection ( 8), for " (1) to ( 7) ", wherever occurring, sub-
stitute " (2) to (7 ) ".
Television Act 1964
44. In paragraph 7( 2 ) of Schedule 1 to the Television Act 1964
for " pensions " substitute pensions, allowances or gratuities " .66
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 93
Harbours Act 1964 SCH. 6
45. In section 2( 4)( b) of the Harbours Act 1964 and in Schedule 1 1964 с. 40.
to that Act, in paragraph 8(2)(b), for " pensions ", wherever occurring,
substitute " pensions, allowances or gratuities " .
Police Act 1964
46. In Schedule 4 to the Police Act 1964, in paragraph 5(6 ), for
the words from " and section 35" to the end substitute " and any
question arising under this sub-paragraph shall be determined by the
Secretary of State whose decision shall be final :
Provided that the Secretary of State may at any time before the
question is determined, and shall, if so directed by the High Court,
state in the form of a special case for the opinion of the High Court
any question of law arising in those proceedings. "
1964с. 48.
Housing Act 1964
47. In Schedule 1 to the Housing Act 1964, in paragraph 2(9),
omit the words from the beginning to " Corporation ; but " and for
"by virtue of this sub-paragraph " substitute " in accordance with
regulations made under section 7 of the Superannuation Act 1972 " .
1964 с. 56.
Public Libraries and Museums Act 1964
48. In Schedule 1 to the Public Libraries and Museums Act 1964,
in paragraph 3, for the words from " and section 35 " to the end
substitute " and any question arising under this paragraph shall be
determined by the Secretary of State whose decision shall be final :
Provided that the Secretary of State may at any time before the
question is determined, and shall, if so directed by the High Court,
state in the form of a special case for the opinion of the High Court
any question of law arising in those proceedings " .
1964 с. 75.
Museum of London Act 1965
49. In subsection (1) of section 10 of the Museum of London
Act 1965, for paragraph (a ) (ii) substitute-
" (ii) are serving in the employment of the Trustees of the
London Museum on such terms as would render them
eligible to participate in the benefits for which the prin-
cipal civil service pension scheme within the meaning of
section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 provides ; and " .
50. For subsections (6 ) and (7 ) of the said section 10 sub-
stitute-
1965 с. 17.
"( 6 ) A scheme under subsection ( 3 ) above shall be of no
effect unless it has been approved by the Secretary of State, who
may approve any such scheme either with or without
modifications.
Before approving any such scheme, the Secretary of State shall
consult with such organisations as are in his opinion repre-
sentative of the interests concerned.
с. 11
94 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 6
1965 с. 49.
1965 с. 51 .
( 7 ) A scheme under subsection ( 3) above approved by the
Secretary of State in accordance with subsection (6 ) above-
( a ) shall be laid before Parliament and be subject to annul-
ment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament in like manner as if it were a statutory
instrument ; and
( b ) may be amended by a subsequent scheme.
Any enactment affected by the scheme shall have effect subject
to the provisions of the scheme ".
Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages ( Scotland ) Act 1965
51. In section 7( 7 ) of the Registration of Births, Deaths and
Marriages ( Scotland ) Act 1965 for " section 7 of the Local Govern-
ment Superannuation ( Scotland ) Act 1937 " substitute " regulations
under section 7 of the Superannuation Act 1972 " .
National Insurance Act 1965
52. In Schedule 5 to the National Insurance Act 1965 for para-
graphs 3 to 6 substitute-
" 3. Section 7 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972.
The Secretary of State for
the Environment or, in
Scotland, the Secretary
of State for Scotland.
4. Section 10 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972.
The Secretary of State for
Social Services or, in
Scotland , the Secretary
of State for Scotland."
1965 с. 59
1965 с. 62.
New Towns Act 1965
53. In Schedule 9 to the New Towns Act 1965, in paragraph 2( 4),
omit the words from the beginning to " Commission ; but " and for
"by virtue of this sub-paragraph " substitute " in accordance with
regulations made under section 7 of the Superannuation Act 1972 " .
Redundancy Payments Act 1965
54. In section 16( 4)( a ) of the Redundancy Payments Act 1965 for
" section 7 of the Superannuation ( Amendment) Act 1965 "
substitute " section 38 of the Superannuation Act 1965 " .
55. In section 41 of the said Act of 1965-
( a ) in subsection ( 2) after paragraph ( a ) insert-
"( aa ) in accordance with any provision of a scheme
made under section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972,
or" ;
( b ) in subsection (3)( b) after " with " insert " a scheme made
under section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 or " ;
( c ) in subsection (6 )(a) for " section 7 of the Superannuation
( Amendment) Act 1965 " substitute " section 39 of the
Superannuation Act 1965 ".
c . 11
Superannuation Act 1972 95
Superannuation Act 1965
56. In section 38 of the Superannuation Act 1965
( a ) in subsection (2) (a ) for " this Act and any other " substitute
" any " ;
( b ) in subsection ( 2)(b) for the words from " this Act " to
" any other " substitute " the civil service scheme, with or
without modifications, in substitution for any ", and for
" this Act ", where last occurring, substitute " that scheme " ;
( c ) in subsection ( 3) for " this Act ", wherever occurring, sub-
stitute " the civil service scheme ", and
( d ) after subsection ( 5 ) insert-
" (5A) References in this section to enactments shall
be construed as including references to the civil service
scheme, and in this section ' the civil service scheme '
means the principal civil service pension scheme within
the meaning of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972
and for the time being in force ".
57. In section 42(1) of the said Act of 1965 for " this Act specified
in subsection (3) of this section " substitute " the principal civil
service pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of the
Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time being in force " .
58. In section 95 of the said Act of 1965-
( a ) in subsection (1) for the words from " regulations " to
" warrant " substitute " or orders " ;
"
(b ) in subsection ( 2 ) for the words from " regulations or to
66
" said section 93 " substitute an order made under this
Act" .
SCH. 6
1965 с. 74.
National Health Service Act 1966
59. In section 9( 4 ) of the National Health Service Act 1966, for
the words " a direction under subsection (1) of this section applies) "
substitute " regulations under section 10 of the Superannuation Act
1972 apply) ".
1966 с. 8.
Forestry Act 1967
60. In Schedule 1 to the Forestry Act 1967, in paragraph 9—
( a ) in sub -paragraph (1) for the words from " officers " to " to
time " substitute " classes of officers employed by the Com-
missioners as may be " ;
( b) in sub-paragraph ( 2) for the words from " civil service super-
annuation " to " relief ) " substitute " principal civil service
pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of the
Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time being in force,
and the relevant provisions of that scheme and also section
210 of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970
(contributions for widows' and certain other pensions not to
qualify for tax relief ), as amended by the said Act of
1972 " ; and
1967 с. 10.
с. 11
96 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 6
1967 с. 13 .
1967 с. 28.
( c ) in sub-paragraph ( 4 ) omit the words from " the civil " to
" service ; and ".
61. In the said Schedule 1, for paragraph 10( 3), substitute-
" ( 3) A scheme made under this paragraph may be made so
as to take effect from such date , not being earlier than 14th
July 1949, as may be specified in the scheme. "
62. In the said Schedule 1, at the end of paragraph 12 insert-
" This paragraph shall be included among the provisions with
respect to which the Treasury may make an order under section
6 (1) of the Administration of Estates (Small Payments) Act 1965
substituting for references to £500 such higher amount as may
be specified in the order. "
Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967
63. In Schedule 1 to the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967.
in paragraph 1, for the words from " schemes " to " State " substitute
" scheme of pensions and other benefits applicable to the judicial
offices listed in Schedule 1 to the Judicial Pensions Act 1959 and
the scheme of pensions and other benefits applicable by virtue of
section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 to the civil service of the
State".
64. In the said Schedule 1, in paragraph 3,-
( a ) for " the Superannuation Act 1965 " substitute " the prin-
cipal civil service pension scheme within the meaning of
section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time
being in force " ; and
( b) for " an established capacity " substitute " employment ".
Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions ) Act 1967
65. In section 4( 6 ) of the Superannuation ( Miscellaneous Pro-
visions) Act 1967 omit " in an established capacity " and for " the
Superannuation Act 1965 " substitute " the principal civil service
pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972 and for the time being in force ".
66. In section 7 of the said Act of 1967-
( a ) in subsection (1), for " section 67(1) of the National Health
Service Act 1946 " substitute " section 10 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972 ", for " said Act of 1946 ", where first
occurring, substitute " National Health Service Act 1946 "
and for " the Superannuation Act 1965 " substitute " any
scheme under section 1 of the said Act of 1972 " ; and
( b) in subsections ( 2) and ( 4), for " section 67(1) " substitute
section 10 " ."
67. In section 18( 4 ) of the said Act of 1967 for " Sections 6 to 8 "
"
substitute " Section 7 " and for so far as they apply ", in both
places, substitute " so far as it applies ".
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 97
Air Corporations Act 1967 SCH. 6
68. In Schedule 1 to the Air Corporations Act 1967, in paragraph 1967 c. 33.
8(1), for " section 24(6 ) of this Act " substitute " section 56(6) of the
Civil Aviation Act 1971 ".
Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967
69. For section 81( 9) of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967
1967 с. 76.
substitute-
" (9) Neither regulations under section 7 of the Superannuation
Act 1972 nor any local Act scheme within the meaning of
section 8 of that Act shall apply to traffic wardens by virtue
of the foregoing provisions of this section ; but in relation
to such traffic wardens employed outside the metropolitan
police district as the police authority may determine those
regulations (or, if the expenses of the police authority are paid
by a local Act authority, the local Act scheme) shall apply,
subject to such adaptations, modifications and exceptions as
the Secretary of State may by regulations prescribe. "
Courts -Martial ( Appeals ) Act 1968
70. In section 7( 2) of the Courts-Martial ( Appeals) Act 1968 for
the words from " the Superannuation " to the end substitute " the
principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning of section
2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time being in force
shall, with the necessary adaptations , apply to officers and servants of
the Court as it applies to other persons employed in the civil service
of the State ".
1968 с. 20.
Rent Act 1968
71. In section 40( 3) of the Rent Act 1968 omit " the Local
Government Superannuation Act 1937 and " and for " that Act "
substitute " section 8 of the Superannuation Act 1972 " .
Vehicle and Driving Licences Act 1969
72. In section 2( 4 ) of the Vehicle and Driving Licences Act 1969
for the words from " an employment " 66
to authority aforesaid "
substitute " employment either with that authority or with another
authority, that employment and his first mentioned employment " .
Post Office Act 1969
73. At the end of section 44 of the Post Office Act 1969 insert-
66 ( 3) References in this section to the Superannuation Act
1965 shall be construed as including references to the principal
civil service pension scheme within the meaning of section
2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time being in
force. "
74. At the end of section 46 of the said Act of 1969 insert-
" References in this section to the Superannuation Act 1965
shall be construed as including references to the principal civil
D
1968 с. 23.
1969 с. 27.
1969 с. 48 .
с. 11
98 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 6
1969 с. 50.
1970 с. 9.
1970 с. 10.
1970 с. 11 .
1971 с. 23 .
service pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of the
Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time being in force."
Trustee Savings Banks Act 1969
75. In section 76(1 ) of the Trustee Savings Banks Act 1969 for
the words from " tables " to " benefits) " substitute " tables prepared
from time to time by the Government Actuary ".
76. In section 82 of the said Act of 1969-
( a ) in subsection ( 2 ) for the words from " the Superannuation "
to the end substitute " the principal civil service pension
scheme within the meaning of section 2 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972 and for the time being in force " ;
( b) in subsection ( 3) omit the words from the beginning to
" ( 2) above " and for the words from " corresponding " ,
where secondly occurring, to " conferred ) " substitute " for
the payment of pensions to widows or widowers, children
and dependants and for the payment of contributions to-
wards defraying the cost of such pensions " ; and
( c ) subsection ( 5 ) shall be omitted.
Taxes Management Act 1970
77. In section 3( 3) of the Taxes Management Act 1970 after
" pension ", in both places where it occurs, insert " allowance " .
Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970
78. In section 210 of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970
for paragraphs ( a ) and ( b) substitute-
"(a ) any contributions made by him in accordance with a
scheme under section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972,
being contributions towards defraying the cost of a pension
payable under the scheme to that person's widow (or, as the
case may be, widower) children or dependants, or
( b ) any contributions made by him under Part II or III of the
Superannuation Act ( Northern Ireland) 1967 or by virtue of
any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland corres-
ponding to section 1 of the said Act of 1972, or " .
Sea Fish Industry Act 1970
79. In Schedule 1 to the Sea Fish Industry Act 1970, in paragraph
15, for " pensions " substitute " pensions, allowances or gratuities " .
Courts Act 1971
80. At the end of section 27 of the Courts Act 1971 insert-
" ( 2) The principal civil service pension scheme within the
meaning of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for
the time being in force shall, with the necessary adaptations,
apply to such officers and staff as it applies to other persons
employed in the civil service of the State ".
81. In Schedule 10 to the said Act of 1971, in paragraph 16-
( a ) in sub-paragraph ( 1 ) omit the words from " and, if " to the
end; and
Superannuation Act 1972 с. 11 99
( b ) in sub-paragraph ( 2) for " issue of the certificate " sub-
stitute "giving of the direction under sub-paragraph (1)
above ".
SCH. 6
Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971
82. In section 37( 4) of the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 for " the
Local Government Superannuation ( Scotland ) Act 1937" substitute
" regulations under section 7 of the Superannuation Act 1972 " and
for " that Act " substitute " section 8 of that Act. "
National Savings Bank Act 1971
83. In section 24(1)( a) of the National Savings Bank Act 1971 for
"Superannuation Acts " substitute " principal civil service pension
scheme within the meaning of section 2 of the Superannuation Act
1972 and for the time being in force ".
Pensions (Increase) Act 1971
84. In section 4 ( 4 ) of the Pensions ( Increase) Act 1971 for " 21 "
substitute " 20A " and for " and 23 " substitute " to 23A ".
85. In section 5( 1) of the said Act of 1971 after " 9(7) " insert
“
or 7(A) " .
86. In section 8( 1) of the said Act of 1971 at the end insert " and
( c ) without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (b) above,
any compensation payable in pursuance of the provisions
of a scheme under section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972
made by virtue of section 2(2) of that Act or of regulations
made under section 24 thereof ".
87. In section 9 of the said Act of 1971 after subsection ( 7 )
insert-
" (7A ) Section 5(1) above shall not require a local authority
to increase any gratuity granted by way of periodical payments
or by way of an annuity in accordance with regulations made
under section 7 of the Superannuation Act 1972 ; and the pro-
visions of this section relating to lump sums shall not apply to
any such gratuity . "
88. In section 13 of the said Act of 1971 for the words " the
Superannuation Act 1965 ", in both places where they occur, sub-
stitute " the principal civil service pension scheme within the mean-
ing of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 " .
89. In Schedule 2 to the said Act of 1971-
( a ) in paragraph 4, at the end insert " or under a scheme made
under section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972, being the
principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning
of section 2 of that Act " ;
( b) after paragraph 15 insert-
" 15A. A pension payable by a Secretary of State
under regulations made under section 24 of the Super-
D2
1971 с. 28.
1971 с. 29.
1971 с. 56.
с. 11
100 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 6 annuation Act 1972 (compensation for loss of employ-
ment, etc.) to or in respect of such a person as is referred
to in paragraph 15 above " ;
( c ) after paragraph 16 insert-
" 16A. A pension payable by a Secretary of State to
or in respect of a person in relation to whom a scheme
may be made under the said section 26, being a pension
payable under regulations made under section 24 of the
Superannuation Act 1972 " ;
( d ) in paragraph 20, for " section 1 or section 7 of the Teachers
Superannuation Act 1967 " substitute " section 9 of the
Superannuation Act 1972 " ;
(e ) after paragraph 20 insert-
" 20A. A pension payable to or in respect of a teacher
under regulations made under section 24 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972 (compensation for loss of employ-
ment, etc.) " ;
( f ) omit paragraph 21 ;
( g) in paragraph 22(b) omit " 67 or " and " 66 or " ;
( h ) after sub-paragraph ( b) of paragraph 22 insert-
“( c ) regulations made under section 10 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972 " ;
( i ) after paragraph 23 insert-
" 23A. A pension payable to or in respect of a person
in relation to whom regulations may be made under the
said section 10, being a pension payable under regulations
made under section 24 of the said Act of 1972 (compensa-
tion for loss of employment, etc.) " ;
( j ) in paragraph 25 for " Superannuation Acts 1965 and 1967 "
substitute " principal civil service pension scheme within the
meaning of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 " ;
( k ) in paragraph 52, at end insert-
" or under regulations made under section 24 of the
Superannuation Act 1972 (further provisions requiring
payment of compensation for loss of employment, etc. ) .
This paragraph does not apply to a pension payable
as mentioned in paragraph 15A above " ;
"
( 1 ) in paragraph 53 after " Act 1953 " insert or section 7
of the Superannuation Act 1972 " ;
( m ) in paragraph 55, at end insert-
" or under regulations made under section 24 of the
Superannuation Act 1972 ( further provisions requiring
payment of compensation for loss of employment, etc.) " ;
с . 11
Superannuation Act 1972 101
( n ) in paragraph 60, for the words from " section 40 " to the end
substitute " regulations made under section 7 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972. "
( o ) in paragraph 64 after " 8( 1)(b) " insert " or (c) " .
SCH. 6
90. In Schedule 3 to the said Act of 1971-
(a ) in paragraph 3 for " Superannuation Acts 1965 and 1967 "
substitute " principal civil service pension scheme within the
meaning of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 " ;
"
(b ) in paragraph 6(2) (b) after " ( Scotland ) Act 1937 " insert or
in accordance with regulations made under section 7 of
the Superannuation Act 1972 " ; and
(c ) in paragraph 6(2)(c ) after " ( Scotland ) Act 1937 " insert " or
for the purposes of regulations made under section 7 of the
Superannuation Act 1972 " .
Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971
91. In Schedule 1 to the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971-
( a ) in paragraph 23( c ) for the words from " appeals " onwards
substitute " such appeals as by virtue of the regulations lie
to tribunals so appointed " ; and
( b) in paragraph 43, after sub- paragraph (b) insert-
" ( c ) Tribunals appointed under regulations under sec-
tion 1 of the Police Pensions Act 1948 (c. 24 ) to hear
appeals relating to constables of a police force within the
meaning of the Police ( Scotland) Act 1967 (c. 77) and
to the categories of officer mentioned in regulation 74(10)
of the Police Pensions Regulations 1971 , or in the corre-
sponding regulation of any regulations amending or
having effect in place of those regulations. "
1971 с. 62.
Industrial Relations Act 1971
92. In section 150( 4 ) of the Industrial Relations Act 1971 for
" the Superannuation Act 1965 " substitute " a scheme made under
section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 " .
93. In Schedule 3 to the said Act of 1971 , at the end of paragraph
30 insert
1971 с. 72.
" The principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning
of section 2 of the Superannuation Act 1972 and for the time
being in force shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply to
such officers and servants as it applies to other persons employed
in the civil service of the State."
Civil Aviation Act 1971
94. In paragraph 1 of Schedule 9 to the Civil Aviation Act 1971-
"
( a ) in sub-paragraph (2) after " that Act " insert or in accord-
ance with a scheme made under section 1 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972 " ; and
1971 с. 75.
D3
с. 11
102 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 6
( b ) in sub-paragraph ( 5 ) omit the words from " in an estab-
lished " to " 1965 ".
95. In paragraph 3 of the said Schedule 9—
( a ) in sub-paragraph ( 2) after " that Act " insert " or in accord-
ance with a scheme made under section 1 of the Super-
annuation Act 1972 " ; and
( b) in sub-paragraph ( 7 ) omit the words from " in an estab-
lished " to " 1965 ".
96. In Schedule 10 to the said Act of 1971, in paragraph 24(2)
for " section 24( 6) of this Act " substitute " section 56( 6) of the Civil
Aviation Act 1971 " .
Section 29.
1965 с. 74.
1957 с. 62.
1967 с. 28
SCHEDULE 7
SAVINGS AND TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
Provisions relating to civil servants, etc.
1.- (1) The repeal of any enactment by this Act shall not affect any
pension, allowance or gratuity granted before the commencement of
this Act under the Superannuation Acts 1965 and 1967 or any
pension, allowance or gratuity deemed by paragraph 1 of Schedule
10 to the Superannuation Act 1965 to have been granted under that
Act, and subject to sub-paragraph (2) below, the pension, allowance
or gratuity shall be deemed to have been granted under the principal
civil service pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of this
Act.
( 2) Without prejudice to section 23 of this Act, sub-paragraph (1)
above shall not apply in relation to a pension, allowance or gratuity
granted under the said Acts of 1965 and 1967-
( a ) to a person who, immediately before the pension, allowance
or gratuity was granted to him, was a person listed in
Schedule 5 to this Act ; or
( b) by virtue of any provision of the Governors' Pensions Act
1957, to a Governor within the meaning of that Act.
( 3) Any person who before the commencement of this Act duly
elected under section 4( 6 ) of the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Pro-
visions) Act 1967 that the said Act of 1965 should apply to him as
if his service as a Governor had been passed in the home civil
service shall be deemed to have elected that the principal civil service
pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of this Act and for
the time being in force should so apply to him.
2.- (1 ) Any determination, decision, surrender, election or nomi-
nation made, certificate, direction, notice or approval given, con-
tribution paid or other thing done under any provision of the
Superannuation Acts 1965 and 1967 which is repealed by this Act
shall not be affected by the repeal but shall have effect as if made,
given or done under the corresponding provision of the principal civil
service pension scheme within the meaning of section 2 of this Act.
( 2 ) Section 3 of this Act shall apply in relation to payments made
before the commencement of this Act in accordance with a warrant
under section 18 of the Superannuation Act 1965 or a warrant issued
c. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 103
by virtue of section 6 of the Ministerial Salaries Consolidation Act
SCH. 7
1965 as it applies in relation to payments made in accordance with 1965 c. 58 .
a scheme made under the said section 1.
( 3) Section 4 ( 1) of this Act shall apply in relation to any person
to whom a payment was made under section 93 of the Superannuation 1965 c. 74.
Act 1965 as it applies in relation to any person to whom a payment
is made under the said section 4( 1).
3. Any reference in any Act or document to the Superannuation
Act 1965, to the Superannuation Acts 1965 and 1967 or to any pro-
vision of the said Act of 1965, shall, except in so far as the context
otherwise requires, be construed as, or as including, a reference
to the principal civil service pension scheme within the meaning
of section 2 of this Act or to the corresponding provision of that
scheme, as the case may be.
Provisions relating to persons employed in locul
government service, etc.
4. The repeal of any enactment by this Act shall not affect any
superannuation benefit-
( a ) granted under or by virtue of the Local Government
Superannuation Acts 1937 to 1953 before the coming into
operation of section 7 of this Act in England and Wales ;
or
( b ) granted under or by virtue of the Local Government
Superannuation ( Scotland ) Acts 1937 to 1953 before the
coming into operation of the said section 7 in Scotland ; or
( c ) granted under any provision of the Local Government 1937 c. 68.
Superannuation Act 1937, or of the Local Government 1937 c. 69.
Superannuation ( Scotland ) Act 1937, which was repealed
by the Local Government Superannuation Act 1953.
1953 с. 25.
5.- (1) Notwithstanding any repeal made by this Act-
( a ) the provisions of the enactments listed in the Table below,
as amended, extended or applied by or under any other
enactment, and
(b) the provisions of any instrument (including a scheme) made
under an enactment so listed , being provisions in force
immediately before the commencement of this Act,
shall, as from the said commencement, have effect, with the neces-
sary adaptations and modifications, as provisions of regulations under
section 7 or, in so far as they apply in relation to local Act schemes ,
section 8( 2) of this Act, and may be revoked or amended accordingly.
( 2 ) Any reference in any enactment or document to any such
enactment or instrument as is referred to in sub-paragraph (1 ) above
or any provision thereof ( including such a reference in any such
enactment or instrument ) shall, except in so far as the context
otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to so much of regula-
tions made under the said section 7 or, as the case may be, section
8( 2) as by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) above consists of that enact-
ment, instrument or provision.
D4
c . 11
104 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 7
1937 с. 68.
1939 с. 94.
1948 с. 33.
1948 с. 65.
1949 с. 101 .
1953 с. 25 .
1963 с. 33.
1963 с. 38.
1964 с. 48.
1964 с. 75. 1971 с. 23. TABLE
ENACTMENTS APPLYING TO ENGLAND AND WALES
1. The Local Government Superannuation Act 1937, except
sections 17(2) , 26( 4), 32 and 34, the proviso to section
35, sections 37, 39 and 41 and Part II of Schedule 1 .
2. Sections 3 to 9 of the Local Government Staffs (War Service)
Act 1939, except the proviso to section 6(2).
3. Sections 6 and 7 of the Superannuation ( Miscellaneous Pro-
visions ) Act 1948 and the definitions in section 17( 1) of that
"
Act of " contributory employee ", local Act scheme ",
" local Act contributor " and " local authority ".
4. Section 72 of the Representation of the People Act 1948.
5. Paragraph 8( 6 ) of Schedule 2 to the Justices of the Peace Act
1949.
6. The Local Government Superannuation Act 1953, except sec-
tions 12, 17(4), 26(1) and ( 3) and 28.
7. Section 77( 3 ) of the London Government Act 1963 .
8. Section 97(1) of the Water Resources Act 1963 .
9. Paragraph 5( 5 ) of Schedule 4 to the Police Act 1964.
10. Paragraph 2 of Schedule 1 to the Public Libraries and
Museums Act 1964.
11. Paragraphs 13 and 14 of Schedule 10 to the Courts Act
1971.
1937 с. 69. 1939 с. 94. 1946 с. 77. 1948 с. 33. 1951 с. 66. 1953 с. 25 . 1967 с. 12.
ENACTMENTS APPLYING TO SCOTLAND
1. The Local Government Superannuation ( Scotland ) Act 1937,
except sections 22( 3), 28, 29, the proviso to section 30,
sections 32 and 33, and Part II of Schedule 1.
2. Sections 3 to 9 of the Local Government Staffs (War Service)
Act 1939, except the proviso to section 6(2) .
3. Section 3 of the Association of County Councils ( Scotland)
Act 1946.
4. Sections 6 and 7 of the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Pro-
visions) Act 1948 and the definitions in section 17( 1) of that
Act of " contributory employee ", " local Act scheme ",
" local Act contributor " and " local authority " .
5. Section 14(2 ) and (3) of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution)
( Scotland ) Act 1951 .
6. The Local Government Superannuation Act 1953, except
sections 12, 17(4), 26(1) and (3) and 28.
Provisions relating to teachers
6.- (1) Regulations made under any provision of the Teachers
Superannuation Act 1967 and in force immediately before the coming
into operation of section 9 of this Act in England and Wales shall
be deemed to be regulations made under the said section 9 in its
application to England and Wales.
с . 11
Superannuation Act 1972 105
( 2 ) Any contribution paid, direction given, or other thing done,
SCH. 7
under section 3, 4 or 5 of the said Act of 1967 or Schedule 1 thereto
shall not be affected by the repeal of those enactments but shall have
effect as if paid, given or done under the corresponding provision of
regulations made under the said section 9 in its application to
England and Wales.
( 3 ) Nothing in any regulations made under the said section 9
in its application to England and Wales shall affect the operation
of any enactment repealed by the said Act of 1967 in relation to-
( a ) any annual allowance which began to accrue before 1st April
1967 under the Teachers ( Superannuation) Acts 1918 to
1956 ;
(b ) any additional allowance or gratuity which became payable
under those Acts before that date ; or
( c ) any liability to pay contributions in respect of the person
to or in respect of whom any such allowance or gratuity was
granted;
and nothing in any such regulations shall affect the operation of
section 2(2) of the Teachers Superannuation Act 1965 (which, in 1965 c. 83.
relation to certain allowances, etc. preserved the effect of certain
enactments and other provisions amended, repealed or revoked by
thatAct ) .
7.- (1 ) Regulations made under any provision of the Teachers 1968 с. 12.
Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1968 and in force immediately before
the coming into operation of section 9 of this Act in Scotland shall
be deemed to be regulations made under the said section 9 in its
application to Scotland .
( 2 ) Any pension, allowance , gratuity or contribution payable, direc-
tion given or other thing done in respect of employment as a teacher
in Scotland before the coming into operation of the said section 9
in Scotland shall thereafter be deemed to be payable or to be given
or done under regulations made under that section in its application
to Scotland.
Provisions relating to persons engaged in health services, etc.
8.- (1) Regulations made under section 67 of the National Health
1946 с. 81 .
Service Act 1946 and in force immediately before the coming into
operation of section 10 of this Act in England and Wales shall be
deemed to be regulations made under the said section 10 in its
application to England and Wales ; and any direction given under
section 9(1) of the National Health Service Act 1966 shall continue
to have effect in relation to those regulations, notwithstanding the
1966 с. 8.
repeal by this Act of the said section 9(1) .
( 2) Sub-paragraph ( 1) above shall have effect in Scotland with the
substitution for the reference to section 67 of the National Health
Service Act 1946 of a reference to section 66 of the National Health
1947 с. 27.
Service (Scotland ) Act 1947 and for the reference to England and
Wales of a reference to Scotland.
9. Regulations made under section 35 of the Health Services and
1968 с. 46.Public Health Act 1968 and in force immediately before the com-
mencement of this Act shall be deemed to be regulations made under
section 24 of this Act.
c. 11
106 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 7
1950 с. 3
( 14 & 15
Geo. 6. ).
1894 с. 60.
1898 с. 44.
1930 с. 44.
1950 с. 1.
1949 с. 39.
1948 с. 33.
1965 с. 74.
Provisions relating to other persons
10.- (1) The repeal of sections 2 and 3 of the Exchequer and Audit
Departments Act 1950 by this Act shall not affect any pension granted
under the said section 2, or any pension, allowance or gratuity
granted by virtue of the said section 3, before the commencement of
this Act, and accordingly any such pension, allowance or gratuity
shall continue to be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated
Fund.
(2 ) Any election duly made under the said section 2 shall be
deemed to have been so made under section 13 of this Act.
11. The repeal by this Act of section 665 of the Merchant Shipping
Act 1894 shall not affect any allowance or compensation granted
under that section before the commencement of this Act, and any
allowance or compensation so granted shall be deemed to have been
granted in accordance with arrangements made under section 1A of
the Merchant Shipping ( Mercantile Marine Fund ) Act 1898, as
inserted by section 17 of this Act.
12. The repeal of any enactment by this Act shall not affect any
pension, allowance or gratuity granted under section 79( 8) of the
Land Drainage Act 1930, section 80( 7) thereof or section 53 of the
Thames Conservancy Act 1950 before the commencement of this
Act, and any such pension, allowance or gratuity shall continue to
be paid as if this Act had not been passed.
13. Notwithstanding the repeal by this Act of sub-paragraphs (i),
(ii ) and (iii) of section 6( 2)(d ) of the Commonwealth Telegraphs Act
1949, regulations made by virtue of those sub- paragraphs shall
continue to have effect in so far as immediately before the commence-
ment of this Act they apply to any persons, other than persons
employed in the civil service of the State, and may be varied or
revoked as if the said sub-paragraphs had not been repealed.
Provisions relating to certain rules
14. Nothing in this Act shall affect the operation of any rules
made under any of the following enactments , namely, section 2 of
the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions ) Act 1948 and sections
38, 39A and 42(1) of the Superannuation Act 1965, and any such
rules in force at the commencement of this Act, shall, unless and
until revoked, but subject to any amendments made therein in
exercise of the power to vary them, continue to have effect as if this
Act had not been passed.
15. Notwithstanding the repeal by this Act of section 1 of the
Superannuation ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1948, rules made
under that section in relation to such a person as is referred to in
subsection (1)(b) of that section and in force immediately before
the commencement of this Act shall continue in force subject to
the like power of variation or revocation as if the said section 1
had not been repealed .
c. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 107
SCHEDULE 8
REPEALS
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
34 & 35 Vict. | The Pensions Commutation The whole Act, in so far as it
c. 36. Act 1871 .
applies to persons to whom
section 1 of this Act applies.
42 & 43 Vict. The Lord Clerk Register Section 9.
с . 44. ( Scotland) Act 1879.
57 & 58 Vict.
The Merchant Shipping Act Section 665.
c. 60.
1894.
10&11 Geo. 5. The Government of Ireland Section 56.
c. 67. Act 1920.
13 Geo. 5.
The Irish Free State (Con- In Schedule 1, paragraph 7(1).
Sess. 2. c. 2.
sequential Provisions) Act
1922 (Session 2 ) .
15&16Geo. 5. The Supreme Court of
c .49. Judicature (Consolidation)
In section 128A (1), the words
" part-time or " .
Act 1925.
15 & 16Geo. 5.
The National Library of
с. 73.
Scotland Act 1925. Section 14.
17&18Geo. 5. | The Sheriff Courts and Legal
Section 7( 4).
c. 35.
Officers (Scotland) Act
1927.
20 &21 Geo . 5. The Land Drainage Act Section 79( 8).
с . 44 . 1930. Section 80( 7) .
23 &24Geo. 5.
The Administration of Section 29 .
c.41.
Justice (Scotland) Act
1933.
25 &26 Geo. 5. The Northern Ireland Land
с. 21. Purchase (Winding Up)
Act 1935. In section 6( 3), the words
"whose whole time is
devoted to the duties of
his office , " .
25 &26Geo. 5. The Government of India Sections 281 and 282.
c . 42 .
Act 1935.
25 Geo. 5. &
The Lee Conservancy Catch- Sections 7 and 8.
1 Edw. 8.
ment Board Act 1936.
c. lxviii.
1 Edw. 8. &
The Local Government Superannuation Act 1937.
The whole Act, so far as
1 Geo. 6.
unrepealed.
c . 68.
1 Edw. 8. &
The Local Government Superannuation ( Scotland )
The whole Act, so far as
1 Geo. 6.
c. 69.
Act 1937.
unrepealed.
1 Edw. 8. &
The Agriculture Act 1937.
Section 26.
1 Geo. 6.
c . 70 .
1 & 2Geo. 6.
c. 13.
2 & 3 Geo. 6.
c. 18.
2& 3 Geo. 6.
c .94 .
The Superannuation ( Vari-
Section 1.
ous Services) Act 1938.
In the Schedule, Part II .
The
Local Government | The whole Act, except section
Superannuation Act 1939.
3.
The Local Government
Sections 3 to 9.
Staffs ( War Service ) Act
In section 15, in subsection
1939."
( 4 ) the words except in
paragraph (c) of subsection
( 1) of section nine ", sub-
sections (6) and ( 7) and in
subsection (10) the words
from " Subsection (4 ) " to
" Act, and ".
Section 29.
с. 11
108 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 8
Chapter Short Title
Extent of Repeal
3 & 4 Geo. 6. The Old Age and Widows' The whole Act, so far as
c. 13.
Pensions Act 1940.
unrepealed.
6 & 7 Geo. 6. The Hydro - Electric In Schedule 1, paragraph 15.
c. 32.
Development (Scotland)
Act 1943 .
7 & 8 Geo. 6. The Agriculture (Miscel-
с. 28.
laneous Provisions) Act
1944 .
In section 1( 4 ), the words
from " and Part II " to the
end.
In the Schedule, Part II.
Section 6.
7 & 8 Geo. 6.
c. 29.
9 & 10 Geo. 6.
c. 77.
The Food and Drugs (Milk
and Dairies) Act 1944.
The Association of County
Councils ( Scotland) Act
1946.
9& 10 Geo. 6. The National Health Ser-
vice Act 1946.
Section 3 .
Section 67.
c. 81 . In section 75(1 ) and (2), the
words " section sixty- seven
or".
10&11Geo. 6. The National Health Ser-
vice (Scotland ) Act 1947.
Section 66.
с. 27. In section 73(1) (a ) and ( 2),
the words " section sixty- six
or".
10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Fire Services Act 1947. Section 8( 7) and (8) .
с . 41.
Section 26(3) .
Section 36( 12).
11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Police Pensions Act In section 4(1), the words
c .24. 1948.
" granted under regulations
made under this Act is
granted, and every pen-
sion ".
11 & 12Geo. 6. The Superannuation (Mis-
cellaneous Provisions) Act
1948.
Section 1 , except so much of
с. 33 . subsection (5) as provides
for the amendment of the
Education ( Scotland) (War
Service Superannuation)
Act 1939 .
Sections 6 and 7.
In section 17(1), the words
from "' civil servant ' " to
police magistrates " and
"
the definition of War
Agricultural Executive
Committee ".
In the Schedule, Part I.
11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Representation of the Section 72.
с. 65. People Act 1948.
12 &13 Geo. 6. The Cinematograph Film
c. 20.
Production (Special Loans )
Act 1949.
12 &13Geo. 6.
c. 39.
12& 13 Geo. 6.
с . 44 .
The Commonwealth Tele-
graphs Act 1949.
The Superannuation Act
1949.
In the Schedule, in paragraph
6, the words with the
approval of the Board of
Trade".
In section 6(2)( d) , sub-para-
graphs ( i) , (ii) and ( iii ) .
The whole Act, so far as un-
repealed.
c. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 109
SCH. 8
Chapter Short Title
Extent of Repeal
12 & 13 Geo. 6. The Representation of the In Schedule 8, so much of
c. 68.
People Act 1949.
the Table in paragraph 5(1 )
as relates to section 72
of the Representation of
the People Act 1948 .
12, 13 & 14
The National Health Ser-
In section 18( 5), the words,
Geo. 6. c. 93.
vice ( Amendment) Act
from " and for " to the
1949.
end.
12, 13 & 14
The Justices of the Peace
Geo. 6. с.
Act 1949.
In Schedule 2, paragraph
8( 5 ) and (6 ).
101.
14 Geo.
6.
The Housing (Scotland) Act
Section 179.
c . 34 .
1950.
14 & 15 Geo. 6.
The Exchequer and Audit
c. 3.
Departments Act 1950. Sections 2 to 4.
14&15 Geo. 6.
The Administration of Section 23 .
с. 11.
Justice ( Pensions) Act
1950.
14 Geo. 6. The Lee Conservancy Section 19 .
c. xlix. Catchment Board Act
1950.
14 Geo. 6. The Thames Conservancy
c. 1.
Act 1950. Section 53.
14 & 15 Geo. 6.
The Reserve and Auxiliary
Section 41 .
c. 65.
Forces (Protection of Civil
In section 44, in subsection
Interests) Act 1951 .
(1) the words from the
beginning to " this Act ".
where first occurring, and
subsection ( 2) .
Section 14.
14& 15 Geo. 6. The Rivers (Prevention of
c. 66. Pollution ) ( Scotland) Act
1951 .
1 & 2 Eliz. 2.
The Local Government Superannuation Act 1953.
c. 25.
The whole section 25. Act, except
2 & 3 Eliz. 2.
The Supreme Court Officers
In section 2, in subsection
c. 38.
( Pensions) Act 1954.
( 7), the words from " and
for " to the end and sub-
section (8) .
In section 4, in subsection
( 1)( b), the words from " and
shall " to " such employ-
ment " and subsections ( 3)
and( 4 ).
In section 5, in subsection (1),
the words " the Super-
annuation Acts 1834 to
1950 or " and subsection
( 2 ).
3 & 4 Eliz. 2.
с. 22.
4 & 5 Eliz. 2.
c. 11.
4 & 5 Eliz. 2.
c. 48.
The Pensions ( India, Paki-
stan and Burma) Act 1955.
The Sudan (Special Pay-
ments) Act 1955.
The Sugar Act 1956.
In Schedule 2, in Part III,
paragraphs 3 and 4.
The whole Act, so far as
unrepealed.
In Schedule 2, in paragraph
7(2)(b) , the words " with
the approval of the
Minister ".
c .11
110 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 8
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
4 & 5 Eliz. 2.
c. 68.
5 & 6 Eliz. 2.
с. 21.
The Restrictive Trade
Practices Act 1956.
The Cinematograph Films
Act 1957.
Section 35(1 )(d ) .
In the Schedule, in paragraph
5( 1)(b) , the words "with
the approval of the Board
ofTrade".
Sections 6 and 7.
5 & 6 Eliz. 2.
The Appropriation Act
c. 63.
1957.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2.
The Overseas Service Act
c .14 .
1958.
7 & 8 Eliz. 2.
с. 23. The Overseas Resources
Development Act 1959.
In section 3( 7), the words
from " and so " onwards.
In Schedule 1, in paragraph
6( b), the words " with the
approval of the Secretary of
State".
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Mental Health Act In Schedule 7, in Part I, the
с. 72.
1959.
entry relating to the Local
Government Superannua-
tion Act 1953.
Section 33 .
7 & 8 Eliz. 2.
c. xxvi .
8 & 9 Eliz. 2.
c. 58.
The Thames Conservancy
Act 1959.
The Charities Act 1960.
In section 44( 1 )(a), the words
"
from and any " to
" 1950 ” .
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Mental Health (Scot- In Schedule 4, the entry
с.61.
land ) Act 1960.
relating to the Local
Government Superannua-
tion Act 1953 .
8 & 9 Eliz. 2.
c. 66.
9 & 10 Eliz. 2.
с . 49.
The Professions Supplemen-
tary to Medicine Act 1960.
The Covent Garden Market
Act 1961 .
In Schedule 1, paragraph
20(3) .
In Schedule 1, in paragraph
8(2)(b), the words " with the
approval of the Minister " .
10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Northern Ireland Act In section 8( 5), paragraph
c . 30. 1962.
( c ) and the word " and "
immediately preceding it.
10 & 11 Eliz . 2. c.46 .
The Transport Act 1962.
In Schedule 10, in paragraph
8(1) the words from " (in-
cluding " to " retirement) " .
1963 с. 33. The London Government Section 77.
Act 1963.
1963 с. 38. The Water Resources Act | Section 96(1 ) and (2 ) .
1963. Section 97(1 ) and (5) .
In Schedule 13, paragraph 1 .
1964 с. 16.
The Industrial Training Act 1964.
In the Schedule, in paragraph
10, the words from " and,
in" to the end.
1964 с. 21 . The Television Act 1964. In Schedule 1, in paragraph
7 ( 2), the words " with the
approval of the Postmaster
General".
1964 с. 40. The Harbours Act 1964. In Schedule 1, in paragraph
8( 2 )(b), the words "with
the approval of the
Minister".
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 111
SCH. 8
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1964 с. 48. 1964 с. 42. The Administration of In Schedule 3, paragraph 16.
Justice Act 1964.
The Police Act 1964.
Section 10(2) .
In Schedule 4, paragraph 5(4)
and ( 5 ).
1964 с. 56. The Housing Act 1964.
Section 1 (5) .
In Schedule 1, in paragraph
2( 9) the words from the
“
beginning to Corpora-
tion; but " and the words
" in consequence of the
admission agreement " and
"in consequence of that
agreement".
1964 с. 75. The Public Libraries and
Museums Act 1964. 1965 с. 10. The Superannuation
( Amendment) Act 1965. In Schedule 1, paragraphs
1 ( 4 ) and 2.
In section 5, the words " the
Superannuation (Miscel-
laneous Provisions) Act
1948".
In Schedule 2, paragraph 11 .
1965 с. 16. The Airports Authority Act In Schedule 1 , in paragraph
1965. 9(1), the words " with the
approval of the Minister " .
1965 с. 17 .
TheMuseum ofLondon Act In section 10, subsections ( 4)
1965. and ( 8).
1965 с. 58. The Ministerial Salaries Section 6.
Consolidation Act 1965.
Section 9(3) .
1965 с. 59.
The New Towns Act 1965.
Section 48(1 ).
In Schedule 9, in paragraph
2( 4 ) the words from the
beginning to " Commis-
sion ; but " and in both
places the words "in
consequence of the agree-
ment".
1965 с. 74.
The Superannuation Act The whole Act , except
1965. sections 38 , 39, 39A, 42(1 ),
95(1 ) and (2), 97(1 ) and
( 2 )(a) and (c), 98, 104(1)
and 106, Schedule 8 and
paragraphs 10 and 11 of
Schedule 10.
1966 с. 8. The National Health Service
Act1966.
Section 9(1) to (3).
1967 с. 9. 1967 с. 10. 1967 с. 12. The General Rate Act 1967. In section 92(1), the words
from " and every such
panel " to " of 1937 " .
The Forestry Act 1967.
In Schedule 1, in Part II,
in paragraph 9( 4) the words
from "" the civil " to ser-
vice ; and " and para-
The Teachers' Superannua-
tion Act 1967.
graph 11 .
The whole Act.
с.11
112 Superannuation Act 1972
SCH. 8
Chapter
ShortTitle Extent of Repeal
1967 с. 22.
The Agriculture Act 1967. In Schedule 1, in paragraph
8( 2) (b) of Part II, the
words " with the approval
ofthe Ministers " .
1967 с. 28. The Superannuation (Mis- Section 1.
cellaneous Provisions) Act | Section 2( 2) and (3) .
1967. In section 4(6), the words " in
an established capacity " .
Section 6.
In section 7( 5), the words
" or to section 67( 1) there-
66
of" , the word respec-
tively " and the words " and
to section 66(1 ) thereof ".
Section 8.
Section 11(2) .
Section 15(5) .
Section 16.
1967 с. 32. The Development of Inven- In the Schedule, in paragraph
tions Act 1967 . 6( b), the words " with the
approval of the Minister " .
1967 с. 76. Section 81 (12)(b) .
1968 с. 12.
1968 с. 16.
1968 с. 23 .
The Road Traffic Regula-
tion Act 1967.
The Teachers Superannua-
tion (Scotland) Act 1968.
The New Towns (Scotland)
Act 1968.
The Rent Act 1968.
The whole Act except section
13.
Section 41 (1).
1968 с. 46.
In section 40( 3), the words
"the Local Government
Superannuation Act 1937
and".
Section 35 .
1968 с. 69.
1968 с. 73 .
The Health Services and
Public Health Act 1968.
The Justices of the Peace
Act 1968.
The Transport Act 1968.
In Schedule 3, paragraph
10 (2) .
In Schedule 5, in Part II,
paragraph 5.
In Schedule 15, in paragraph
8(2)(b) the words " with the
approval of the Minister ".
In Schedule 11, paragraph ( s ).
1968 c. xxxii. The Port of London Act
1968.
1969 с. 35.
The Transport ( London)
Act1969 .
1969 с. 48.
1969 с. 50.
1970 с. 10.
In section 4( 5 ), the words
from the beginning to
" undertakers) and ".
The Post Office Act 1969.
In section 43(1), the words
" with the approval of the
Minister".
Section 45.
The Trustee Savings Banks In section 82, in subsection
Act 1969 .
( 3) the words from the
beginning to " (2) above ",
and subsection (5) .
The Income and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.
In Schedule 15, so much of
the Table in paragraph 11
as relates to the Forestry
Act 1967.
Chapter
1970 с. 11 .
1971 с. 23 . 1971 с. 56.
1971 с. 75.
с. 11
Superannuation Act 1972 113
SCH. 8
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Sea Fish Industry Act In Schedule 1 , in paragraph
1970.
15 the words " with the
approval of the Minister for
the Civil Service " .
The Courts Act 1971 .
In Schedule 9, the entry
relating to the Police Pen-
sions Act 1948.
In Schedule 10, paragraphs
13 and 14 and in paragraph
16 (1) the words from " and,
if" to the end.
The Pensions (Increase) Act Section 14.
1971 . In section 15, subsections ( 1),
( 2 ) and (3), in subsection
( 4 ) paragraph ( b) and the
word " and " immediately
preceding it, and subsection
( 6 ).
In Schedule 2, paragraph 21 ,
in paragraph 22(b) the
words " 67 or " and " 66
or " and in paragraph 23(b)
the words from " or section
35 " to the end.
The Civil Aviation Act 1971. In Schedule 9, in paragraphs
1(5) and 3(7), the words
from " in an established "
to " 1965 ".
114 c . 12
PENSE
SELFT MONDROL
Iron and Steel Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 12
An Act to make new provision with respect to the finances
of the British Steel Corporation and to clarify the
Corporation's powers and duties in respect of iron
and steel activities . [ 1st March 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Amendments 1.- (1) Section 2(1) of the Iron and Steel Act 1969 (under which
as to finances the Secretary of State is deemed to have paid the British Steel
ofBritish Steel Corporation £700,000,000 by way of public investment otherwise
Corporation. than by way of loan ) shall be amended by substituting
1969 с. 45.
“ £500,000,000 ” for “ £700,000,000 ” ; and the like amendment
shall be made in section 6(3)(b) of that Act ( which provides
that in the event of the expiry of the provisions of that Act
relating to such public investment as aforesaid the Corporation
shall assume a debt to the Secretary of State equivalent to the
amount of that investment) .
( 2) The Secretary of State may with the consent of the Treasury,
at such time or times as he may with the like consent determine,
release the Corporation from their liability to repay the whole
1967 с. 17.
or any part of any sum borrowed by them before the passing of
this Act under section 19( 2) of the Iron and Steel Act 1967
(long term loans), but not so as to reduce their total indebtedness
in respect of the principal of sums so borrowed by more than
£150,000,000 ; and the assets of the National Loans Fund shall
accordingly be reduced by amounts corresponding to those
which the Corporation cease to be liable to repay by virtue of
this subsection .
Iron and Steel Act 1972 c. 12
115
( 3) In section 3 of the said Act of 1969 (which provides that the
aggregate of the amount outstanding in respect of the principal
of money borrowed by the Corporation and the publicly- owned
companies, together with any sums paid to the Corporation
under section 2( 1) of that Act, shall not at any time exceed
an amount which at the passing of this Act stands at £650,000,000)
for the words from " shall not at any time exceed " to the end
of the section there shall be substituted the words " shall not at
any time exceed £1,250,000,000 " .
2.- (1) Nothing in sections 2 and 3 of the Iron and Steel Act Corporation's
1967 (powers and general duty of British Steel Corporation ) shall powers and
duties in
be construed as imposing on the Corporation any duty to carry on, respect of
or secure the carrying on by the Corporation and publicly-owned iron and steel
companies, of iron and steel activities except to such extent as activities.
the Corporation think fit, or as precluding the Corporation from 1967 c. 17.
disposing of an asset used or capable of use for the purpose of
any of those activities or from disposing of any interest in a
company in which any such asset is vested .
( 2 ) In this section " iron and steel activities " and " publicly-
owned companies " have the same meaning as in the said Act
of 1967.
3.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Iron and Steel Act 1972. Short title
( 2 ) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland. and extent.
116 с. 13
PENSE
DIEUETAMON DROIT
Consolidated Fund Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 13
An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated
Fund to the service of the years ending on 31st March
1971 , 1972 and 1973 .
[23rd March 1972]
Most Gracious Sovereign,
TE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the
Wassembled, towards making good the supply which we
Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament
have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of
Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums
hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech
Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the
Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and
consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in
this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the
same, as follows : -
Issue out ofthe
Consolidated Fund
for the years
ending 31st March
1971 and 1972.
1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of
the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply
granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending on
31st March 1971 and 1972 the sum of £579,830,787 · 89 .
Issue out of the
2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of
Consolidated Fund
for the year ending the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply
31st March 1973 .
granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on
31st March 1973 the sum of £ 1,048,030,000 .
Short title. 3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund Act 1972 .
с . 14 117
TRENSE
DIEUETMON DROIT
Transport
Holding
Act
1972
1972 CHAPTER 14
Company
An Act to make further provision with respect to the
disposal of assets by, and the dissolution of , the
Transport Holding Company, with respect to the
making of grants to the company towards their expenses
in disposing of assets or preparing for their dissolution,
or towards discharging liabilities imposed on them
under the provision so made, and with respect to
pensions and compensation for loss of employment in
respect of employees of bodies which cease to be
subsidiaries of the company; and for purposes
connected with those matters . [23rd March 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.-( 1) The Transport Holding Company ( hereafter in this Disposal of
Act referred to as "the company ") shall have power to sell assets by,
dissolution of
or otherwise dispose of any property, rights or liabilities of the and grants to
company with the object of preparing for the dissolution of the the Transport
company, but shall not dispose of any securities in the exercise of Holding
that power except with the consent of the Secretary of State. Company etc.
(2) It shall be the duty of the company in exercising the power
conferred on them by the preceding subsection to act in accord-
ance with any directions given to them from time to time by
the Secretary of State, and any such directions shall be set out
in the annual report of the company.
( 3) In paragraph (b) of subsection ( 1) of section 53 of the
Transport Act 1968 (under which an order may transfer the 1968 c. 73.
residue of the property, rights and liabilities of the company to
118 с .14
Transport Holding Company Act 1972
1968 с. 73.
1962 с. 46.
Pensions, and
compensation
for loss of
employment
etc.
certain bodies specified in the order and may provide for the
dissolution of the company) the words from " transfer " to
"
specified in the order and " shall cease to have effect ; and
accordingly-
( a) in subsections ( 1 ) (c) and (2) of that section the words
" or (b) " shall be omitted ;
( b ) in subsection (3)(d ) of that section the reference to the
said Act of 1968 shall include a reference to this Act.
( 4) The power exercisable by virtue of subsection (5 ) ( a) of the
said section 53 to vary the company's commencing capital debt
shall include power to extinguish that debt; and the reference
in subsection ( 5) of that section to any transfer of property,
rights and liabilities from the company under subsection ( 1) of
that section shall include a reference to any disposal by the
company or by a subsidiary of the company of any property,
rights or liabilities .
( 5) The Secretary of State may with the approval of the
Treasury make to the company grants out of money provided
by Parliament towards expenses incurred by the company in
disposing of assets or preparing for their dissolution, or towards
discharging liabilities imposed on the company under section 2
of this Act.
( 6 ) An order under section 53 of the Transport Act 1968
transferring liabilities of the company to another person may
include provision for the payment to that person out of money
provided by Parliament of grants of such amounts as are deter-
mined by the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury
to be appropriate for the purpose of enabling or assisting that
person to discharge those liabilities .
( 7) There shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund any
increase attributable to the provisions of this section in the sums
payable into that Fund in pursuance of section 29(10) of the
Transport Act 1962.
( 8) In this section " securities " and " subsidiary " have the
meanings assigned to them by section 92(1) of the Transport
Act 1962.
2.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may by order make provision-
( a ) for authorising or facilitating the transfer from the
company to another person of any functions of the
company (whether in pursuance of a statutory provision
or otherwise) in connection with a pension scheme
conferring pension rights in respect of persons who
consist of or include employees of a relevant subsidiary,
or for terminating or altering any such functions ;
Transport Holding Company Act 1972 с.14
119
( b ) for requiring the company to make or secure the making
of such payments as are needed to make good the whole
or part of any deficiencies in the funds which are and
will be available for meeting the actual and potential
liabilities of the persons administering a pension scheme
appearing to the Secretary of State to be maintained
for the purpose of conferring benefits on persons who
consist of or include employees of a relevant subsidiary.
being deficiencies determined in such manner as the
Secretary of State thinks fit and so determined as at the
subsidiary's transfer date ;
( c ) for securing that persons other than employees of
relevant subsidiaries cease to be eligible to participate
in pension schemes appearing to the Secretary of State
to be maintained mainly for the purpose of conferring
benefits in respect of employees and former employees
of relevant subsidiaries and that employees of relevant
subsidiaries cease to be eligible to participate in pension
schemes appearing to the Secretary of State to be main-
tained mainly for the purpose of conferring benefits
in respect of employees and former employees of
public bodies engaged in the transport industry ( other
than the company) and their subsidiaries .
( 2) The Secretary of State shall by order make provision for
safeguarding, in such cases and such manner as may be deter-
mined by or under the order, -
( a ) the pension rights which immediately before a relevant
subsidiary's transfer date are, by reference to that
subsidiary or to bodies which include that subsidiary,
conferred on any person by a pension scheme appearing
to the Secretary of State to be maintained mainly for
the purpose of conferring benefits in respect of
employees and former employees of that subsidiary or
of subsidiaries of the company which include that
subsidiary ; and
(b) any other pension rights which, immediately before a
person ceases to be eligible to participate in a parti-
cular pension scheme by virtue of the fact that a body
ceases to be a subsidiary of the company or by virtue
of paragraph (c) of the preceding subsection, are
conferred in respect of him by the scheme,
and an order containing provisions made by virtue of paragraph
( a) or (b) of this subsection may also make provision-
( i) for enabling such a person as is mentioned in the said
paragraph ( a) or (b) to elect that any pension rights
falling to be safeguarded in pursuance of this subsection
120 c. 14
Transport Holding Company Act 1972
1964 с. 16.
( hereafter in this subsection referred to as " relevant
pension rights " ) shall be safeguarded in a particular
manner determined by or under the order,
( ii) for requiring the company to establish pension schemes
for the purpose of safeguarding any relevant pension
rights ,
( iii) for requiring the company or the persons administering
any pension scheme conferring relevant pension rights
to make payments for the purpose of safeguarding
relevant pension rights,
(iv) for authorising payments falling to be made in
pursuance of the preceding paragraph by the persons
administering a pension scheme to be made out of
the funds of that scheme and for authorising the persons
administering any pension scheme by means of which
it is proposed to safeguard any relevant pension rights
to accept for the purposes of that scheme payments in
respect of those rights .
( 3) An order under this section-
( a) may contain provisions for altering or winding up a
pension scheme appearing to the Secretary of State
to be maintained wholly or mainly for the purpose
of conferring benefits in respect of employees and
former employees of one or more relevant subsidiaries
and to be affected by any provision made in pursuance
of the preceding provisions of this section, or for
dividing and disposing of the funds of such a scheme ;
(b) may, without prejudice to the provisions of the pre-
ceding paragraph, contain provisions for making such
alterations of any pension scheme and of any statutory
provision, trust deed, rules or other instrument as the
Secretary of State considers appropriate for the pur-
poses or in consequence of the order ;
( c) may make such supplemental or consequential provision
as the Secretary of State considers appropriate for the
purposes of the order including, without prejudice to
the generality of the preceding provisions of this para-
graph, provision with respect to the determination
of questions arising under the order and for referring
disputes arising under the order to a tribunal estab-
lished under section 12 of the Industrial Training Act
1964 ;
( d ) may be made to have effect from a date before that
on which it is made but not so as to place a person
other than the company in a worse position than that
Transport Holding Company Act 1972 с. 14
121
in which he would have been if the order had
had effect only on and after that date ; and
(e) may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order under
this section.
(4) The Secretary of State shall by regulations require the
payment by the company, in such cases and to such extent as
may be determined by or under the regulations, of compensation
to or in respect of any person who-
(a ) is or was, on or before the date when a body ceases
to be a subsidiary of the company in consequence of
the sale or other disposal of securities by the company
or a subsidiary of the company after the passing of this
Act, in such an employment as may be so determined ;
and
( b) suffers any loss of employment or loss or diminution
of emoluments or pension rights or worsening of his
position which is properly attributable to the cesser ;
and subsections ( 2) to ( 4) of section 135 of the Transport Act 1968 c. 73 .
1968 ( which contain supplementary provisions with respect to
regulations providing for compensation for loss of employment
and other matters) shall apply with the necessary modifications
to regulations made in pursuance of this subsection as they apply
to regulations made in pursuance of that section .
( 5) The powers to make orders and regulations conferred by
this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument ; and
any statutory instrument made by virtue of this subsection shall
be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either
House of Parliament.
( 6 ) In this section-
" relevant subsidiary " means a body which after the pass-
ing of this Act ceased or is to cease to be a subsidiary
of the company ; and
" transfer date " , in relation to a body which is a relevant
subsidiary, means the date on which that body ceased
or is to cease to be a subsidiary of the company :
and in this section expressions to which meanings are assigned
by section 92( 1 ) of the Transport Act 1962 have those meanings ; 1962 с. 46.
and the Secretary of State may by order provide that, as respects
any period after the dissolution of the company, any reference
to the company in subsections (1) to (4) of this section which
is specified in the order shall be construed as a reference to such
person as the Secretary of State may designate by the order as
being in his opinion the person to whom any relevant property,
right or liability of the company has been transferred in pur-
suance of section 53 of the Transport Act 1968 .
122 1968 с. 73.
1964 с. 16.
1964 с. 18
( Ν.Ι.).
Short title
and extent.
1920 с. 67.
c . 14
Transport Holding Company Act 1972
( 7 ) Any reference in this section, or in the provisions of the
Transport Act 1968 as applied by this section, to a tribunal
established under section 12 of the Industrial Training Act
1964 shall, in relation to Northern Ireland, be taken as a
reference to a tribunal established under section 13 of the
Industrial Training Act ( Northern Ireland) 1964.
3.- ( 1) This Act may be cited as the Transport Holding
Company Act 1972.
( 2) This Act extends to Northern Ireland and for the purposes
of section 6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 ( which
relates to the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) this
Act shall be deemed to be an Act passed before the appointed
day.
с. 15 123
PENSE
DIEUFTAMON DROIT
Transport (Grants) Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 15
An Act to authorise the Secretary of State to make grants
to the British Railways Board and to the National Bus
Company, and to make contributions to expenditure
by the British Railways Board or their subsidiaries
intended to promote employment. [23rd March 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- ( 1) The Secretary of State shall before the end of the year Grants to
1972- British
Railways
( a ) make payments to the British Railways Board amounting Board and
in all to £27 million, and National Bus
(b) make payments to the National Bus Company amounting Company.
in all to £7 million,
and any such payment shall be made out of money provided by
Parliament and shall be for the credit of the revenue account of
the body to which it is made.
( 2 ) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, the
time at which the payments are made, and the amount paid at
any one time, shall be such as the Secretary of State may, with
the consent of the Treasury, determine.
2.- (1 ) There may be defrayed out of moneys provided by Contributions
Parliament such sums not in the aggregate exceeding £ 5 million by Secretary of
State towards
as may be required by the Secretary of State for the purpose of expenditure
making with the approval of the Treasury contributions towards intended to
expenses to which this section applies .
promote
employment.
124 Transport (Grants) Act 1972
с.15
Short title.
( 2 ) This section applies-
( a ) to expenses incurred by the British Railways Board or
any of their subsidiaries in or in connection with the
carrying out of any project which is commenced before
1st April 1974 and which, pursuant to an agreement
entered into with the Secretary of State with a view to
promoting employment (whether or not in the transport
industry) is, in whole or in part, commenced or carried
out earlier than it would have been but for the agree-
ment, and
( b) to expenses incurred by the British Railways Board or
any of their subsidiaries in or by reason of the purchase
before that date of materials for any project, being a
purchase which, pursuant to any such agreement, was
effected earlier than it would have been but for the
agreement.
( 3) This section applies to expenses incurred before as well as
after the passing of this Act.
3. This Act may be cited as the Transport ( Grants) Act 1972 .
c. 16 125
INOH
DIEUET
YPENSE
MON DROIT
Harbours (Loans) Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 16
An Act to provide for loans to harbour authorities to
enable them to pay certain debts ; to provide for the
payment to the Secretary of State of the amount of past
loans made by him for that purpose to such authorities ;
to impose a limit on loans made for that purpose to
harbour authorities, on such payments and on loans
made under section 11 of the Harbours Act 1964, in
substitution for the existing limit on the latter ; and
for connected purposes . [ 23rd March 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- (1) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, where it appears to the Loans to
Secretary of State that a harbour authority are, or are likely to pay off
be, unable- capital debts
temporary
( a) to pay, at the due time, the whole or part of any debt loans and
( whether incurred before or after the passing of this overdrafts .
Act) properly chargeable to capital account ;
( b) to repay or pay off, at the due time, the whole or part of
a temporary loan made or an overdraft granted to them
( whether before or after the passing of this Act) ;
and it appears to the Secretary of State after consulting the
National Ports Council that the financial prospects of the authority
justify making them a loan for the purpose of enabling them to
make the payment or repayment, then, with the approval of the
Treasury, he may out of moneys issued to him for the purpose
out of the National Loans Fund make the authority a loan for
that purpose.
126 Power of
Council to
obtain
information.
Pastloans.
c. 16
Harbours ( Loans) Act 1972
( 2 ) The Secretary of State shall not make a loan under
subsection (1 ) above to enable a payment or repayment to be
made by a harbour authority of the whole or any part of a debt,
loan or overdraft to the extent that the debt was incurred, the
loan made or the overdraft granted in relation to a fishery harbour
or marine work.
( 3) The purposes for which a harbour authority may borrow
money under any statutory provision shall include power to
borrow it for a purpose for which a loan may be made under
this section.
( 4 ) Section 43 of the 1964 Act (provisions with respect to
loans made by the Secretary of State) shall apply to loans which
the Secretary of State makes under this section as it applies to
loans which he makes under section 6 or 11 of that Act.
( 5 ) The provisions of this section are without prejudice to
section 11 of the 1964 Act (loans for execution of harbour works)
or any other enactment relating to loans to harbour authorities.
2. Section 41 of the 1964 Act ( power of the Council to obtain
information and forecasts for the purposes of their functions
under that Act) shall apply in relation to their functions under
this Act as it applies in relation to their functions under that Act,
and section 46 of that Act (restriction of disclosure of information
furnished in pursuance of a requirement imposed under the said
section 41) shall apply accordingly in relation to information
furnished in pursuance of a requirement imposed by virtue of
this section.
3.- (1 ) Where before the passing of this Act a loan has been
made by the Secretary of State to a harbour authority for any
purpose for which a loan could be made thereafter under this
Act, there shall be issued out of the National Loans Fund to the
Secretary of State an amount equal to the principal of the loan.
( 2 ) Any sums received by the Secretary of State by way of
repayment of the principal of , or payment of interest on, any
such loan shall be paid into the National Loans Fund.
( 3) The Secretary of State shall, as respects each financial year,
prepare in such form and manner as the Treasury may direct an
account of sums issued to him for the purpose of enabling him
to make any such loan, of the sums issued to him out of the
National Loans Fund under subsection (1) above and of the
sums to be paid into the National Loans Fund under subsection
( 2 ) above and of the disposal by him of those sums respectively,
and send it to the Comptroller and Auditor General not later
than the end of November following the year; and the
c. 16
Harbours (Loans) Act 1972 127
Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine, certify and
report on the account and lay copies of it, together with his
report, before each House of Parliament.
4.- (1) The aggregate amount of loans made after the passing Limit on
ofthis Act under section 11 of the 1964 Act and under section 1 loans, etc.
above and of payments under section 3 above shall not exceed
£200 million or, if so provided by a resolution of the Commons
House of Parliament, £300 million.
( 2) The Harbours ( Amendment ) Act 1970 is hereby repealed. 1970 c. 53.
5.- (1) In this Act " the 1964 Act " means the Harbours Act Interpretation,
1964 and expressions used in this Act and that Act have the same
short title
and extent.
meanings in this Act as they have in that Act.
1964 с. 40.( 2 ) References in this Act to any provision of the 1964 Act
shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed
as references to that provision as amended, extended or applied
by or under any other enactment, including an enactment con-
tained in this Act.
( 3) This Act may be cited as the Harbours ( Loans) Act 1972.
( 4 ) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
128 c. 17
Borrowing
powers of
electricity
authorities.
1957 с. 48.
1963 с. 59.
1947 с. 54.
1969 с. 1.
SINOHR
PENSE
DIEUETAMONDR
Electricity Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 17
An Act to increase the statutory limits imposed on the
amounts outstanding in respect of borrowings by the
Electricity Council and Electricity Boards, to authorise
contributions by the Secretary of State to expend-
iture intended to promote employment and to make
further provision for the transfer of property between
Electricity Boards . [23rd March 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.-( 1 ) In section 15(5) of the Electricity Act 1957 (limit on
borrowing powers of the Electricity Council and Electricity
Boards in England and Wales) as amended by section 1 of the
Electricity and Gas Act 1963 , for the words-
" £3,300 million or such greater sum, not exceeding
£4,400 million, as the Minister may by order specify "
there shall be substituted the words-
" £5,200 million or such greater sum, not exceeding
£6,500 million, as the Secretary of State may by order
specify " .
( 2) In section 47( 7) of the Electricity Act 1947 (limit on
borrowing powers of the Scottish Electricity Boards) , as amended
by section 1 of the Electricity (Scotland ) Act 1969, for the
words-
c. 17
Electricity Act 1972 129
" £700 million or such greater sum, not exceeding £800
million, as the Secretary of State may by order specify
"
there shall be substituted the words-
" £950 million or such greater sum, not exceeding £ 1,200
million, as the Secretary of State may by order specify. "
(3) Any power to make an order which is exercisable by virtue
of this section includes power to revoke or vary any such order
by a subsequent order.
( 4 ) Any such power shall be exercisable by statutory instru-
ment, and no order shall be made in the exercise of any such
power unless a draft of the order has been laid before the
Commons House of Parliament and has been approved by
resolution of that House.
(5) The reference in section 2(1) of the Electricity and Gas
Act 1963 (Government advances) to the limits on borrowing
imposed by the relevant enactments shall be taken as a reference
to all relevant limits on borrowing for the time being in force
under the enactments relating to electricity or gas .
2.- (1 ) There may be defrayed out of moneys provided by Contributions
Parliament such sums not in the aggregate exceeding £25 million by Secretary
as may be required by the Secretary of State for the purpose of of State
towards
making with the approval of the Treasury contributions towards expenditure
expenses to which this section applies .
intended
to promote
(2 ) This section applies-
employment .
( a ) to expenses incurred by the Electricity Council or any
Electricity Board in or in connection with the carrying
out of any project which is commenced before 1st April
1974 and which, pursuant to an agreement entered into
with the Secretary of State with a view to promoting
employment ( whether or not in the electricity industry)
is , in whole or in part, commenced or carried out earlier
than it would have been but for the agreement, and
( b) to expenses incurred by any of those bodies in or by
reason of the purchase before that date of materials
for any project, being a purchase which, pursuant to
any such agreement, was effected earlier than it would
have been but for the agreement.
(3) This section applies to expenses incurred before as well
as after the passing of this Act.
( 4) In this section " Electricity Board " has the same meaning
as in the Electricity Act 1947.
1947 с. 54.
E
c .17
130 Electricity Act 1972
Transfer of
property
between
Electricity
Boards.
1947 с. 54.
Citation, construction
and repeals.
3. In section 19( 1)( a) of the Electricity Act 1947 (power of
transfer which is restricted to property vested by virtue of that
Act or the Electricity Act 1957) the words " by virtue of this
Act or the Electricity Act 1957 " shall be omitted.
4.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Electricity Act 1972 ;
and the Electricity (Scotland ) Acts 1943 to 1969 and this Act
( in so far as it applies to Scotland ) may be cited together as the
Electricity (Scotland) Acts 1943 to 1972.
( 2) Except where the context otherwise requires, references
in this Act to any enactment are references thereto as amended
by any other enactment, including any enactment contained in
thisAct.
( 3) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act
are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column
of that Schedule.
c. 17
Electricity Act 1972 131
SCHEDULE
REPEALS
Section 4.
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Electricity Act 1947. In section 19, in subsection
c. 54.
( 1)(a ) the words from " by
66
virtue " to 1957 " , and in
subsection (2) the words from
"
" and the reference to
1954"."
2 & 3 Eliz . 2. The Electricity Re-
c. 60. organisation ( Scotland )
Act 1954.
In Part II of Schedule 1, in the
entry relating to section 19 of
the Electricity Act 1947, the
words from " and the refer-
ence " to " 1954 " .
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The Electricity Act 1957. In Part I of Schedule 4, in the
c. 48.
entry relating to section 19(1)
of the Electricity Act 1947,
the words from " and after "
to " 1957 " .
1963 с. 59.
The Electricity and Gas Section 1.
Act 1963 .
In section 2(2) the words from
" and in the preceding " to
the end of the subsection.
1968 с. 39. Section 1(3)( b) .
1969 с. 1. The Gas and Electricity
Act 1968 .
The Electricity ( Scotland )
Act 1969 . Section 1.
E 2
c. 18 133
SINOH
PENSE
DIEU ETMON
DRO
Maintenance
Orders
( Reciprocal
Enforcement
Act
1972
1972 CHAPTER 18
)
An Act to make new provision, applying throughout the
United Kingdom, in place of the Maintenance Orders
( Facilities for Enforcement) Act 1920; to make provision
with a view to the accession by the United Kingdom to
the United Nations Convention on the Recovery Abroad
of Maintenance done at New York on 20th June 1956 ;
to make other provision for facilitating the recovery
of maintenance by or from persons in the United
Kingdom from or by persons in other countries ; to
extend the jurisdiction of magistrates' courts to hear
complaints by or against persons outside England and
Wales; and for purposes connected with the matters
aforesaid . [23rd March 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
RECIPROCAL ENFORCEMENT OF MAINTENANCE ORDERS MADE IN
UNITED KINGDOM OR RECIPROCATING COUNTRY
Designation of reciprocating countries
1.-( 1) Her Majesty, if satisfied that, in the event of the Orders in
Council
benefits conferred by this Part of this Act being applied to, or to designating
particular classes of , maintenance orders made by the courts of reciprocating
any country or territory outside the United Kingdom, similar countries.
E3
c. 18
134 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART I
benefits will in that country or territory be applied to, or to
those classes of, maintenance orders made by the courts of the
United Kingdom, may by Order in Council designate that
country or territory as a reciprocating country for the purposes
of this Part of this Act; and, subject to subsection ( 2) below,
in this Part of this Act " reciprocating country " means a country
or territory that is for the time being so designated.
( 2) A country or territory may be designated under subsection
(1) above as a reciprocating country either as regards mainten-
ance orders generally, or as regards maintenance orders other
than those of any specified class, or as regards maintenance
orders of one or more specified classes only ; and a country
or territory which is for the time being so designated otherwise
than as regards maintenance orders generally shall for the
purposes of this Part of this Act be taken to be a reciprocating
country only as regards maintenance orders of the class to which
the designation extends .
Transmission
of
maintenance
order made
inUnited
Kingdom for enforcement
in reciprocating
country.
Orders made by courts in the United Kingdom
2.- (1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, where the payer under
a maintenance order made, whether before or after the com-
mencement of this Part of this Act, by a court in the United
Kingdom is residing in a reciprocating country, the payee under
the order may apply for the order to be sent to that country for
enforcement.
(2 ) Subsection (1) above shall not have effect in relation to a
provisional order or to an order made by virtue of a provision
of Part II of this Act.
(3) Every application under this section shall be made in the
prescribed manner to the prescribed officer of the court which
made the maintenance order to which the application relates.
( 4 ) If, on an application duly made under this section to
the prescribed officer of a court in the United Kingdom, that
officer is satisfied that the payer under the maintenance order
to which the application relates is residing in a reciprocating
country, the following documents, that is to say-
( a) a certified copy of the maintenance order ;
(b) a certificate signed by that officer certifying that the
order is enforceable in the United Kingdom ;
(c) a certificate of arrears so signed ;
( d ) a statement giving such information as the officer
possesses as to the whereabouts of the payer ;
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 135
Act 1972
( e) a statement giving such information as the officer
possesses for facilitating the identification of the payer;
and
( f ) where available, a photograph of the payer ;
shall be sent by that officer to the Secretary of State with a view
to their being transmitted by the Secretary of State to the respon-
sible authority in the reciprocating country if he is satisfied
that the statement relating to the whereabouts of the payer gives
sufficient information to justify that being done.
(5 ) Nothing in this section shall be taken as affecting any
jurisdiction of a court in the United Kingdom with respect to
a maintenance order to which this section applies, and any
such order may be enforced, varied or revoked accordingly.
PART I
3.-( 1 ) Where a complaint is made to a magistrates' court Power of
against a person residing in a reciprocating country and the magistrates'
complaint is one on which the court would have jurisdiction by provisional
court to make
virtue of any enactment to make a maintenance order if-
maintenance
( a ) that person were residing in England and Wales ; and order against
person
(b) a summons to appear before the court to answer to the residing in
complaint had been duly served on him,
reciprocating
the court shall have jurisdiction to hear the complaint and may,
country.
subject to subsection ( 2) below, make a maintenance order
on the complaint.
( 2) A maintenance order made by virtue of this section shall
be a provisional order.
( 3) If the court hearing a complaint to which subsection ( 1 )
above applies is satisfied-
( a ) that there are grounds on which a maintenance order
containing a provision requiring the making of payments
for the maintenance of a child may be made on that
complaint, but
( b ) that it has no jurisdiction to make that order unless it
also makes an order providing for the legal custody
of that child,
then, for the purpose of enabling the court to make the main-
tenance order, the complainant shall be deemed to be the person
to whom the legal custody of that child has been committed
by an order of the court which is for the time being in force.
( 4) No enactment empowering a magistrates' court to refuse
to make an order on a complaint on the ground that the matter
in question is one which would be more conveniently dealt with
by the High Court shall apply in relation to a complaint to which
subsection ( 1) above applies .
E4
136 c. 18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART I
( 5) Where a court makes a maintenance order which is by
virtue of this section a provisional order, the following docu-
ments, that is to say-
(a) a certified copy of the maintenance order ;
( b ) a document, authenticated in the prescribed manner,
setting out or summarising the evidence given in the
proceedings ;
(c) a certificate signed by the prescribed officer of the court
certifying that the grounds stated in the certificate are
the grounds on which the making of the order might
have been opposed by the payer under the order ;
( d ) a statement giving such information as was available
to the court as to the whereabouts of the payer ;
( e) a statement giving such information as the officer
possesses for facilitating the identification of the payer ;
and
( f ) where available, a photograph of the payer ;
shall be sent by that officer to the Secretary of State with a
view to their being transmitted by the Secretary of State to the
responsible authority in the reciprocating country in which the
payer is residing if he is satisfied that the statement relating to
the whereabouts of the payer gives sufficient information to
justify that being done.
(6 ) A maintenance order made by virtue of this section which
has been confirmed by a competent court in a reciprocating
country shall be treated for all purposes as if the magistrates'
court which made the order had made it in the form in which it
was confirmed and as if the order had never been a provisional
order, and subject to section 5 of this Act , any such order may
be enforced, varied or revoked accordingly.
( 7 ) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, in
subsection ( 1 ), for the reference to England and Wales there shall
be substituted a reference to Northern Ireland and in subsection
( 4), for the reference to the High Court there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to the High Court of Justice in Northern
Ireland.
Power of
4.-( 1 ) The sheriff shall have jurisdiction in any action to
sheriff to make which this section applies if-
provisional
maintenance
(a) the pursuer resides within the jurisdiction of the sheriff ;
order against
and
person
(b) the sheriff is satisfied that, to the best of the information
residing in
reciprocating
or belief of the pursuer, the defender is residing in a
country.
reciprocating country ; and
( c) the sheriff would not, apart from this subsection, have
jurisdiction in that action ;
but a maintenance order granted by the sheriff in an action in
which he has jurisdiction by virtue of this subsection shall be
a provisional order .
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 137
Act 1972
( 2) This section applies to any action for the payment of
PART I
aliment which is competent in the sheriff court, and includes
an action of affiliation and aliment, but does not include an
action of separation and aliment or adherence and aliment, or
any action containing a crave for the custody of a child .
( 3) Where in any action in which the payment of aliment in
respect of a child is claimed, being an action in which the sheriff
has jurisdiction by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, the sherif
is satisfied-
(a ) that there are grounds on which a maintenance order
containing a provision requiring the payment of aliment
in respect of that child may be made in that action, but
( b) that he has no power to make that order unless he also
makes an order providing for the custody of the child,
then, for the purpose of enabling the sheriff to make the main-
tenance order, the pursuer shall be deemed to be a person to
whom the custody of the child has been committed by a decree
of the sheriff which is for the time being in force.
( 4) In any action in which the sheriff has jurisdiction by virtue
ofsubsection (1) above-
( a ) it shall not be necessary for the pursuer to obtain a
warrant for the citation of any person, and the action
may commence and proceed without such citation ;
(b) no decree shall be granted in favour of the pursuer
unless the grounds of action have been substantiated
by sufficient evidence, and section 36(3) of the Sheriff 1971 c . 58 .
Courts (Scotland) Act 1971 shall not apply in relation
to any such action which is a summary cause.
( 5) No enactment empowering the sheriff to remit an action to
the Court of Session shall apply in relation to proceedings in
which the sheriff has jurisdiction by virtue of subsection ( 1 )
above.
(6) Section 3( 5) and (6) of this Act shall apply for the
purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of that
section, with the substitution, for references to a magistrates'
court, of references to the sheriff.
5.- (1 ) This section applies to a maintenance order a certified Variation and
copy of which has been sent to a reciprocating country in pur- revocation of
suance of section 2 of this Act and to a maintenance order mademaintenance
order made
by virtue of section 3 or 4 thereof which has been confirmed in United
by a competent court in such a country.
Kingdom.( 2 ) A court in the United Kingdom having power to vary
a maintenance order to which this section applies shall have
power to vary that order by a provisional order.
138 c . 18 Maintenance Orders ( Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART I
( 3) Where the court hearing an application for the variation
of a maintenance order to which this section applies proposes
to vary it by increasing the rate of the payments under the
order then, unless either-
( a ) both the payer and the payee under the order appear
in the proceedings, or
( b) the applicant appears and the appropriate process has
beenduly served on the other party,
the order varying the order shall be a provisional order.
( 4 ) Where a court in the United Kingdom makes a pro-
visional order varying a maintenance order to which this section
applies, the prescribed officer of the court shall send in the
prescribed manner to the court in a reciprocating country having
power to confirm the provisional order a certified copy of the
provisional order together with a document, authenticated in
the prescribed manner, setting out or summarising the evidence
given in the proceedings .
( 5) Where a certified copy of a provisional order made by
a court in a reciprocating country, being an order varying or
revoking a maintenance order to which this section applies,
together with a document, duly authenticated, setting out or
summarising the evidence given in the proceedings in which the
provisional order was made, is received by the court in the
United Kingdom which made the maintenance order, that court
may confirm or refuse to confirm the provisional order and,
if that order is an order varying the maintenance order, confirm
it either without alteration or with such alterations as it thinks
reasonable.
( 6) For the purpose of determining whether a provisional order
should be confirmed under subsection (5 ) above, the court shall
proceed as if an application for the variation or revocation, as
the case may be, of the maintenance order in question had been
made to it .
( 7) Where a maintenance order to which this section applies
has been varied by an order (including a provisional order
which has been confirmed) made by a court in the United
Kingdom or by a competent court in a reciprocating country,
the maintenane order shall, as from the date on which the
order was made, have effect as varied by that order and, where
that order was a provisional order, as if that order had been
made in the form in which it was confirmed and as if it had
never been a provisional order.
(8) Where a maintenance order to which this section applies
has been revoked by an order made by a court in the United
Kingdom or by a competent court in a reciprocating country,
including a provisional order made by the last- mentioned court
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 139
Act 1972
which has been confirmed by a court in the United
Kingdom, the maintenance order shall, as from the date on
which the order was made, be deemed to have ceased to have
effect except as respects any arrears due under the maintenance
order at that date.
( 9) Where before a maintenance order made by virtue of
section 3 or 4 of this Act is confirmed a document, duly authen-
ticated, setting out or summarising evidence taken in a recipro-
cating country for the purpose of proceedings relating to the con-
firmation of the order is received by the court in the United
Kingdom which made the order, or that court, in compliance with
a request made to it by a court in such a country, takes the
evidence of a person residing in the United Kingdom for the
purpose of such proceedings, the court in the United Kingdom
which made the order shall consider that evidence and if, having
done so, it appears to it that the order ought not to have been
made--
( a) it shall, in such manner as may be prescribed, give to the
person on whose application the maintenance order
was made an opportunity to consider that evidence,
to make representations with respect to it and to
adduce further evidence ; and
( b) after considering all the evidence and any representa-
tions made by that person, it may revoke the
maintenance order.
(10 ) In the application of this section to Scotland-
(a) for subsection ( 3) there shall be substituted the following
subsections : -
" (3 ) Where the payer under a maintenance order
to which this section applies is for the time being
residing in a reciprocating country, the court shall
not, on an application made by the payee under the
order for the variation of the order, vary the order
by increasing the rate of the payments thereunder
otherwise than by a provisional order.
( 3A ) It shall not be necessary for the payee under
a maintenance order to which this section applies
to intimate to any person the making by him of an
application for a provisional order varying the said
maintenance order by increasing the rate of the pay-
ments thereunder. " ;
( b) for subsection (6) there shall be substituted the following
subsection : -
66 (6 ) Where a certified copy of a provisional order
varying or revoking a maintenance order to which
this section applies is received by a court as men-
tioned in subsection (5) above, the prescribed officer
of that court shall intimate to the payee under the
PART 1
c. 18
140 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART I
maintenance order, in the prescribed manner, that the
provisional order has been received as aforesaid and
that , unless the payee enters appearance within
the prescribed period, the court will confirm the
provisional order under this section. "
Orders made by courts in reciprocating countries
Registration
6.- (1 ) This section applies to a maintenance order made,
inUnited
whether before or after the commencement of this Part of this
Kingdom
court of
Act, by a court in a reciprocating country, including such an
order made by such a court which has been confirmed by a
maintenance order made in reciprocating
court in another reciprocating country but excluding a provi-
sional order which has not been confirmed.
country .
( 2) Where a certified copy of an order to which this section
applies is received by the Secretary of State from the responsible
authority in a reciprocating country, and it appears to the
Secretary of State that the payer under the order is residing in
the United Kingdom, he shall send the copy of the order to
the prescribed officer of the appropriate court.
( 3) Where the prescribed officer of the appropriate court
receives from the Secretary of State a certified copy of an order
to which this section applies, he shall, subject to subsection ( 4)
below, register the order in the prescribed manner in that court.
( 4 ) Before registering an order under this section an officer
of a court shall take such steps as he thinks fit for the purpose
of ascertaining whether the payer under the order is residing
within the jurisdiction of the court, and if after taking those
steps he is satisfied that the payer is not so residing he shall
return the certified copy of the order to the Secretary of State
with a statement giving such information as he possesses as to
the whereabouts of the payer .
Confirmation
7.-(1 ) This section applies to a maintenance order made,
byUnited Kingdom
whether before or after the commencement of this Part of
court of
this Act, by a court in a reciprocating country being a pro-
provisional maintenance
visional order.
( 2) Where a certified copy of an order to which this section
order made in
reciprocating
applies together with-
country.
(a) a document, duly authenticated, setting out or summaris-
ing the evidence given in the proceedings in which the
order was made ; and
(b) a statement of the grounds on which the making of the
order might have been opposed by the payer under
the order,
is received by the Secretary of State from the responsible
authority in a reciprocating country, and it appears to the Secre-
tary of State that the payer under the order is residing in the
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 141
Act 1972
United Kingdom, he shall send the copy of the order and docu-
ments which accompanied it to the prescribed officer of the
appropriate court, and that court shall-
( i) if the payer under the order establishes any such defence
as he might have raised in the proceedings in which the
order was made, refuse to confirm the order ; and
( ii ) in any other case, confirm the order either without
alteration or with such alterations as it thinks reason-
able.
(3) In any proceedings for the confirmation under this section
of a provisional order, the statement received from the court
which made the order of the grounds on which the making of the
order might have been opposed by the payer under the order
shall be conclusive evidence that the payer might have raised
a defence on any of those grounds in the proceedings in which
the order was made.
( 4 ) For the purpose of determining whether a provisional
order should be confirmed under this section the court shall
proceed as if an application for a maintenance order against the
payer under the provisional order had been made to it.
( 5) The prescribed officer of a court having power under this
section to confirm a provisional order shall, if the court confirms
the order, register the order in the prescribed manner in that
court, and shall, if the court refuses to confirm the order, return
the certified copy of the order and the documents which accom-
panied it to the Secretary of State.
( 6 ) If a summons to appear in the proceedings for the con-
firmation of the provisional order cannot be duly served on the
payer under that order the officer by whom the certified copy of
the order was received shall return that copy and the documents
which accompanied it to the Secretary of State with a statement
giving such information as he possesses as to the whereabouts of
the payer.
( 7) This section shall apply to Scotland subject to the following
modifications : -
(a) for subsection (4) there shall be substituted the following
subsection : -
" (4) On receiving a certified copy of a provisional
order sent to him in pursuance of subsection (2)
above the prescribed officer of the appropriate court
shall intimate to the payer under the order, in the
prescribed manner, that the order has been received
as aforesaid and that, unless the payer enters appear-
ance within the prescribed period, the court will
confirm the order under this section. " ;
PART I
142 с. 18
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement )
Act 1972
PART I
(b) in subsection (6), for the words from the beginning
to " that order " there shall be substituted the words
" If such intimation as is mentioned in subsection ( 4 )
above cannot be given to the payer under a provisional
order in pursuance of that subsection " ; and
( c ) in any proceedings for the confirmation under this
section of a provisional order made by a court in a
reciprocating country, the sheriff shall apply the law
in force in that country with respect to the sufficiency
of evidence.
Enforcement
8.- ( 1) Subject to subsection (2) below, a registered order
ofmaintenance may be enforced in the United Kingdom as if it had been made
order
registered in
by the registering court and as if that court had had jurisdiction
United
to make it ; and proceedings for or with respect to the enforce-
Kingdom
ment of any such order may be taken accordingly.
court.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above does not apply to an order which is
for the time being registered in the High Court under Part I of
1958 с. 39.
the Maintenance Orders Act 1958 or to an order which is for
the time being registered in the High Court of Justice in Northern
Ireland under Part II of the Maintenance and Affiliation Orders
1966 с. 35
( Ν.Ι.) .
Act (Northern Ireland) 1966 .
( 3) Any person for the time being under an obligation to
make payments in pursuance of a registered order shall give
notice of any change of address to the clerk of the registering
court, and any person failing without reasonable excuse to give
such a notice shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine
not exceeding £10.
( 4) An order which by virtue of this section is enforceable by
a magistrates' court shall be enforceable as if it were an
affiliation order made by that court ; and the provisions of any
enactment with respect to the enforcement of affiliation orders
( including enactments relating to the accrual of arrears and the
remission of sums due) shall apply accordingly.
In this subsection " enactment " includes any order, rule or
regulation made in pursuance of any Act.
( 5 ) The magistrates' court by which an order is enforceable
by virtue of this section, and the officers thereof, shall take all
such steps for enforcing the order as may be prescribed.
(6) In any proceedings for or with respect to the enforcement
of an order which is for the time being registered in any court
under this Part of this Act a certificate of arrears sent to the
prescribed officer of the court shall be evidence of the facts
stated therein.
( 7) Subject to subsection (8) below, sums of money payable
under a registered order shall be payable in accordance with
the order as from the date on which the order was made.
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 143
Act 1972
( 8) The court having power under section 7 of this Act to
confirm a provisional order may, if it decides to confirm the
order, direct that the sums of money payable under it shall be
deemed to have been payable in accordance with the order as
from such date, being a date later than the date on which
the order was made, as it may specify ; and subject to any such
direction, a maintenance order registered under the said section 7
shall be treated as if it had been made in the form in which
it was confirmed and as if it had never been a provisional
order.
PART I
( 9) In the application of this section to Scotland-
(a ) subsections (2) to (5) shall be omitted ; and
(b) in subsection (6), for the word " evidence " there shall
be substituted the words " sufficient evidence ".
(10) For the purposes of the application of this section to
Northern Ireland, in section 110( 9) of the Magistrates ' Courts 1964 c. 21
Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964 ( orders for periodical payment of (N.I. ).
money) , after paragraph (a ) there shall be inserted the following
paragraph : -
" ( aa ) maintenance orders made outside the United King-
dom and registered in a court of summary jurisdiction
in Northern Ireland under Part I of the Maintenance
Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1972 ; " .
9.- ( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the registering Variation and
court-- revocation of
maintenance
( a ) shall have the like power, on an application made by order
the payer or payee under a registered order, to vary or registered in
revoke the order as if it had been made by the register- United
ing court and as if that court had had jurisdiction to Kingdom
court.make it ; and
( b) shall have power to vary or revoke a registered order
by a provisional order.
(2) The registering court shall not vary a registered order
otherwise than by a provisional order unless-
( a ) both the payer and the payee under the registered order
are for the time being residing in the United Kingdom ;
or
( b) the application is made by the payee under the registered
order ; or
( c ) the variation consists of a reduction in the rate of the
payments under the registered order and is made solely
on the ground that there has been a change in the
financial circumstances of the payer since the registered
order was made or, in the case of an order registered
under section 7 of this Act, since the registered order
c. 18
144 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART I
was confirmed, and the courts in the reciprocating
country in which the maintenance order in question
was made do not have power, according to the law
in force in that country, to confirm provisional orders
varying maintenance orders .
( 3) The registering court shall not revoke a registered order
otherwise than by a provisional order unless both the payer and
the payee under the registered order are for the time being
residing in the United Kingdom.
( 4) On an application for the revocation of a registered order
the registering court shall, unless both the payer and the payee
under the registered order are for the time being residing in
the United Kingdom, apply the law applied by the reciprocating
country in which the registered order was made ; but where by
virtue of this subsection the registering court is required to
apply that law, that court may make a provisional order if it has
reason to believe that the ground on which the application is
made is a ground on which the order could be revoked according
to the law applied by the reciprocating country, notwithstanding
that it has not been established that it is such a ground.
( 5) Where the registering court makes a provisional order
varying or revoking a registered order the prescribed officer of the
court shall send in the prescribed manner to the court in the
reciprocating country which made the registered order a certified
copy of the provisional order together with a document, authen-
ticated in the prescribed manner, setting out or summarising the
evidence given in the proceedings.
(6) Where a certified copy of a provisional order made by a
court in a reciprocating country, being an order varying a
registered order, together with a document , duly authenticated,
setting out or summarising the evidence given in the proceedings
in which the provisional order was made, is received by the regis-
tering court, that court may confirm the order either without
alteration or with such alterations as it thinks reasonable or
refuse to confirm the order.
( 7) For the purpose of determining whether a provisional order
should be confirmed under subsection (6) above the court shall
proceed as if an application for the variation of the registered
order had been made to it.
(8) Where a registered order has been varied by an order
(including a provisional order which has been confirmed) made
by a court in the United Kingdom or by a competent court
in a reciprocating country, the registered order shall, as from the
date on which the order was made, have effect as varied by
that order and, where that order was a provisional order, as if
that order had been made in the form in which it was confirmed
and as if it had never been a provisional order.
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 145
Act 1972
( 9) Where a registered order has been revoked by an order
PART I
made by a court in the United Kingdom or by a competent
court in a reciprocating country, including a provisional order
made by the first- mentioned court which has been confirmed
by a competent court in a reciprocating country, the registered
order shall , as from the date on which the order was made,
be deemed to have ceased to have effect except as respects any
arrears due under the registered order at that date.
(10) The prescribed officer of the registering court shall register
in the prescribed manner any order varying a registered order
other than a provisional order which is not confirmed.
(11) In the application of this section to Scotland-
(a) after subsection ( 4) there shall be inserted the following
subsection : -
" ( 4A) It shall not be necessary for the payer under
a registered order to intimate to any person the
making by him of an application for a provisional
order varying or revoking the registered order. " ;
and
( b) for subsection ( 7) there shall be substituted the following
subsection : -
" ( 7) Where a certified copy of a provisional order
varying a registered order is received by the register-
ing court as mentioned in subsection (6) above, the
prescribed officer of that court shall intimate to
the payer under the registered order, in the prescribed
manner, that the provisional order has been received
as aforesaid and that, unless the payer enters appear-
ance within the prescribed period, the court will
confirm the provisional order under this section. "
10.-( 1 ) Where-
Cancellation
(a) a registered order is revoked by an order made by the of registration
and transfer
registering court ; or
oforder.(b) a registered order is revoked by a provisional order
made by that court which has been confirmed by a
court in a reciprocating country and notice of the
confirmation is received by the registering court ; or
( c) a registered order is revoked by an order made by a
court in such a country and notice of the revocation
is received by the registering court ,
the prescribed officer of the registering court shall cancel the
registration ; but any arrears due under the registered order at
the date when its registration is cancelled by virtue of this sub-
section shall continue to be recoverable as if the registration had
not been cancelled.
146 c. 18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART I
( 2 ) Where the prescribed officer of the registering court is of
opinion that the payer under a registered order has ceased to
reside within the jurisdiction of that court, he shall cancel the
registration of the order and, subject to subsection ( 3) below,
shall send the certified copy of the order to the Secretary of
State.
( 3) Where the prescribed officer of the registering court , being
a magistrates' court, is of opinion that the payer is residing
within the jurisdiction of another magistrates' court in that part
of the United Kingdom in which the registering court is , he shall
transfer the order to that other court by sending the certified
copy of the order to the prescribed officer of that other court .
( 4 ) On the transfer of an order under subsection (3) above the
prescribed officer of the court to which it is transferred shall,
subject to subsection ( 6) below, register the order in the pre-
scribed manner in that court.
( 5 ) Where the certified copy of an order is received by the
Secretary of State under this section and it appears to him
that the payer under the order is still residing in the United
Kingdom, he shall transfer the order to the appropriate court
by sending the certified copy of the order together with the
related documents to the prescribed officer of the appropriate
court and, subject to subsection ( 6 ) below, that officer shall
register the order in the prescribed manner in that court.
( 6) Before registering an order in pursuance of subsection ( 4 )
or (5) above an officer of a court shall take such steps as he
thinks fit for the purpose of ascertaining whether the payer is
residing within the jurisdiction of the court, and if after taking
those steps he is satisfied that the payer is not so residing he
shall send the certified copy of the order to the Secretary of
State.
( 7) The officer of a court who is required by any of the fore-
going provisions of this section to send to the Secretary of State
or to the prescribed officer of another court the certified copy of
an order shall send with that copy-
(a) a certificate of arrears signed by him ;
( b) a statement giving such information as he possesses as
to the whereabouts of the payer ; and
(c) any relevant documents in his possession relating to the
case.
( 8) In the application of this section to Scotland-
( a) in subsection ( 2), for the words " within the jurisdiction
of that court " there shall be substituted the words " in
Scotland " ; and
(b) subsections (3) and ( 4) shall be omitted.
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 147
Act 1972
11.-( 1) If it appears to the Secretary of State that the payer
PART I
under a maintenance order, a certified copy of which has been Steps to be
received by him from a reciprocating country, is not residing taken by
in the United Kingdom or, in the case of an order which Secretary of
subsequently became a registered order, has ceased to reside State where payer under
therein, he shall send to the responsible authority in that country certain orders
or, if having regard to all the circumstances he thinks it proper is not
to do so, to the responsible authority in another reciprocating residing in
the United
country-
Kingdom.
(a ) the certified copy of the order in question and a
certified copy of any order varying that order ;
( b ) if the order has at any time been a registered order,
acertificate of arrears signed by the prescribed officer ;
( c ) a statement giving such information as the Secretary of
State possesses as to the whereabouts of the payer ;
and
( d ) any other relevant documents in his possession relating
to the case.
( 2) Where the documents mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above
are sent to the responsible authority in a reciprocating country
other than that in which the order in question was made, the
Secretary of State shall inform the responsible authority in the
reciprocating country in which that order was made of what he
hasdone.
Appeals
12.-( 1 ) No appeal shall lie from a provisional order made Appeals.
inpursuance of any provision of this Part of this Act by a court
in the United Kingdom .
( 2) Where in pursuance of any such provision any such
court confirms or refuses to confirm a provisional order made
by a court in a reciprocating country, whether a maintenance
order or an order varying or revoking a maintenance order,
the payer or payee under the maintenance order shall have the
like right of appeal (if any ) from the confirmation of, or refusal
to confirm, the provisional order as he would have if that order
were not a provisional order and the court which confirmed
or refused to confirm it had made or, as the case may be, refused
tomake it.
(3) Where in pursuance of any such provision any such court
makes, or refuses to make, an order varying or revoking a
maintenance order made by a court in a reciprocating country,
then, subject to subsection ( 1) above, the payer or payee under
the maintenance order shall have the like right of appeal (if any)
from that order or from the refusal to make it as he would
have if the maintenance order had been made by the first-
mentioned court.
c. 18
148 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART I
( 4) Nothing in, this section (except subsection ( 1) ) shall be
construed as affecting any right of appeal conferred by any other
enactment.
Admissibility
of evidence
given in
reciprocating
country.
Evidence
13.-( 1 ) A statement contained in—
( a) a document, duly authenticated, which purports to set
out or summarise evidence given in proceedings in a
court in a reciprocating country ; or
( b) a document, duly authenticated, which purports to set
out or summarise evidence taken in such a country
for the purpose of proceedings in a court in the United
Kingdom under this Part of this Act , whether in
response to a request made by such a court or other-
wise; or
(c) a document, duly authenticated, which purports to have
been received in evidence in proceedings in a court in
such a country or to be a copy of a document so
received,
shall in any proceedings in a court in the United Kingdom
relating to a maintenance order to which this Part of this Act
applies be admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein to
the same extent as oral evidence of that fact is admissible in
those proceedings .
( 2 ) A document purporting to set out or summarise evidence
given as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) (a) above, or taken as men-
tioned in subsection ( 1 ) (b) above, shall be deemed to be duly
authenticated for the purposes of that subsection if the document
purports to be certified by the judge, magistrate or other person
before whom the evidence was given, or, as the case may be,
by whom it was taken, to be the original document containing
or recording, or, as the case may be, summarising, that evidence
or a true copy of that document.
( 3) A document purporting to have been received in evidence
as mentioned in subsection ( 1)(c) above, or to be a copy of
a document so received , shall be deemed to be duly authenticated
for the purposes of that subsection if the document purports to
be certified by a judge, magistrate or officer of the court in
question to have been, or to be a true copy of a document which
has been, so received.
( 4) It shall not be necessary in any such proceedings to prove
the signature or official position of the person appearing to
have given such a certificate.
( 5) Nothing in this section shall prejudice the admission in
evidence of any document which is admissible in evidence apart
from this section.
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 149
Act 1972
14.-( 1 ) Where for the purpose of any proceedings in a court
PART I
in a reciprocating country relating to a maintenance order to Obtaining
which this Part of this Act applies a request is made by or on of evidence
behalf of that court for the taking in the United Kingdom of needed for
the evidence of a person residing therein relating to matters purpose
of certain
specified in the request , such court in the United Kingdom as proceedings .
may be prescribed shall have power to take that evidence and,
after giving notice of the time and place at which the evidence
is to be taken to such persons and in such manner as it thinks
fit, shall take the evidence in such manner as may be prescribed.
Evidence taken in compliance with such a request shall be
sent in the prescribed manner by the prescribed officer of the
court to the court in the reciprocating country by or on behalf
of which the request was made.
( 2) Where any person, not being the payer or the payee
under the maintenance order to which the proceedings in
question relate, is required by virtue of this section to give
evidence before a court in the United Kingdom, the court may
order that there shall be paid-
(a) if the court is a court in England, Wales or Scotland,
out of moneys provided by Parliament ; and
( b) if the court is a court in Northern Ireland , out of moneys
provided by the Parliament of Northern Ireland,
such sums as appear to the court reasonably sufficient to com-
pensate that person for the expense, trouble or loss of time
properly incurred in or incidental to his attendance.
(3) Section 77( 1 ), (3) and (4) of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 c. 55.
1952 (which provide for compelling the attendance of witnesses ,
etc. ) shall apply in relation to a magistrates' court having power
under subsection ( 1) above to take the evidence of any person
as if the proceedings in the court in a reciprocating country for
the purpose of which a request for the taking of the evidence
has been made were proceedings in the magistrates' court and
had been begun by complaint.
(4) Paragraphs 71 and 73 of Schedule 1 to the Sheriff Courts 1907 c . 51 .
( Scotland ) Act 1907 (which provide for the citation of witnesses ,
etc. ) shall apply in relation to a sheriff having power under sub-
section ( 1 ) above to take the evidence of any person as if the
proceedings in the court in a reciprocating country for the pur-
pose of which a request for the taking of the evidence has been
made were proceedings in the sheriff court.
( 5) A court in the United Kingdom may for the purpose of
any proceedings in that court under this Part of this Act
relating to a maintenance order to which this Part of this Act
applies request a court in a reciprocating country to take or
provide evidence relating to such matters as may be specified
150 c. 18 Maintenance Orders ( Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART I
in the request and may remit the case to that court for that
1952 с. 55.
purpose.
( 6 ) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, in
subsection (3), for the reference to section 77(1), ( 3) and ( 4) of
the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 there shall be substituted a
reference to sections 120( 1 ), (3) and (4), 121 and 122 of the
Magistrates' Courts Act ( Northern Ireland) 1964.
1964 с. 24
( Ν.Ι.).
Order, etc.
made abroad
need not be
proved .
15. For the purposes of this Part of this Act, unless the
contrary is shown-
( a) any order made by a court in a reciprocating country
purporting to bear the seal of that court or to be
signed by any person in his capacity as a judge,
magistrate or officer of the court, shall be deemed
without further proof to have been duly sealed or, as
the case may be, to have been signed by that person ;
( b ) the person by whom the order was signed shall be
deemed without further proof to have been a judge,
magistrate or officer, as the case may be, of that court
when he signed it and, in the case of an officer, to
have been authorised to sign it ; and
( c ) a document purporting to be a certified copy of an
order made by a court in a reciprocating country shall
be deemed without further proof to be such a copy.
Payment
ofsums
under orders
made abroad:
conversion
ofcurrency.
Supplemental
16.-(1) Payment of sums due under a registered order shall,
while the order is registered in a court in England, Wales or
Northern Ireland, be made in such manner and to such person
as may be prescribed.
( 2) Where the sums required to be paid under a registered
order are expressed in a currency other than the currency of the
United Kingdom, then, as from the relevant date, the order
shall be treated as if it were an order requiring the payment of
such sums in the currency of the United Kingdom as, on the
basis of the rate of exchange prevailing at that date, are equiva-
lent to the sums so required to be paid.
( 3) Where the sum specified in any statement, being a state-
ment of the amount of any arrears due under a maintenance order
made by a court in a reciprocating country, is expressed in a
currency other than the currency of the United Kingdom, that
sum shall be deemed to be such sum in the currency of the
United Kingdom as, on the basis of the rate of exchange pre-
vailing at the relevant date, is equivalent to the sum so specified .
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 151
Act 1972
( 4) For the purposes of this section a written certificate
purporting to be signed by an officer of any bank in the United
Kingdom certifying that a specified rate of exchange prevailed
between currencies at a specified date and that at such rate
a specified sum in the currency of the United Kingdom is equiva-
lent to a specified sum in another specified currency shall be
evidence of the rate of exchange so prevailing on that date
and of the equivalent sums in terms of the respective currencies.
( 5 ) In this section " the relevant date " means-
( a ) in relation to a registered order or to a statement of
arrears due under a maintenance order made by a
court in a reciprocating country, the date on which
the order first becomes a registered order or (if earlier)
the date on which it is confirmed by a court in the
United Kingdom ;
( b ) in relation to a registered order which has been varied,
the date on which the last order varying that order
is registered in a court in the United Kingdom or
( if earlier) the date on which the last order varying
that order is confirmed by such a court.
( 6) In the application of this section to Scotland: -
( a) subsection (1) shall not apply ;
(b) in subsection (4), for the word " evidence " there shall
be substituted the words " sufficient evidence ".
PART I
17.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, the proceedings which Proceedings
are domestic proceedings within the meaning of the Magistrates' in magistrates'
Courts Act 1952 shall include all proceedings in a magistrates' courts.
court under this Part of this Act other than proceedings for the 1952 с. 55.
variation or enforcement of a maintenance order.
( 2 ) The magistrates' court before which there fall to be heard
any proceedings for the variation of a maintenance order to
which this Part of this Act applies may, if it thinks fit , order
that those proceedings and any other proceedings being heard
therewith shall be treated for the purposes of the said Act of
1952 as domestic proceedings.
( 3) The said Act of 1952 shall have effect in accordance with
subsections ( 1) and ( 2) above notwithstanding anything in sub-
section ( 1 ) of section 56 thereof or section 5 of the Legitimacy 1959 c. 73.
Act 1959 ( definition of " domestic proceedings ") .
( 4) Anything authorised or required by this Part of this Act
to be done by, to or before the magistrates' court by, to or before
which any other thing was done may be done by, to or before
any magistrates' court acting for the same petty sessions area (or,
in Northern Ireland, petty sessions district ) as that court.
c. 18
152 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
PART I
1964 с. 21
( Ν.Ι.) .
Magistrates'
courts rules,
1949 с. 101 .
Act 1972
( 5) Any application which by virtue of a provision of this
Part of this Act is made to a magistrates' court shall be made by
complaint.
( 6 ) A magistrates' court in Northern Ireland shall have juris-
diction to hear a complaint for the variation or revocation-
( a) of a maintenance order made by such a court, being an
order to which section 5 of this Act applies ; or
(b) of a registered order which is registered in that court,
if the defendant to the complaint is residing in a reciprocating
country and the court would have jurisdiction to hear the com-
plaint had the defendant been residing in Northern Ireland.
( 7) Where the defendant to a complaint for the variation or
revocation-
(a) of a maintenance order made by a magistrates' court,
being an order to which section 5 of this Act applies ;
or
(b) of a registered order registered in a magistrates' court,
does not appear at the time and place appointed for the hearing
of the complaint, but the court is satisfied that the defendant is
residing in a reciprocating country, the court may proceed to
hear and determine the complaint at the time and place appointed
for the hearing or for any adjourned hearing in like manner
as if the defendant had appeared at that time and place.
(8) At the end of paragraph (a) of section 98 of the
Magistrates' Courts Act (Northern Ireland) 1964 (definition of
66 “
domestic proceedings ") there shall be inserted the words or
Part I of the Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act
1972".
18.-(1 ) Without prejudice to the generality of the power to
make rules under section 15 of the Justices of the Peace Act
1949 (magistrates' courts rules), provision may be made by such
rules with respect to any of the following matters, namely-
( a ) the circumstances in which anything authorised or
required by this Part of this Act to be done by, to or
before a magistrates' court acting for a particular petty
sessions area or by, to or before an officer of that court
may be done by, to or before a magistrates' court acting
for such other petty sessions area as the rules may
provide or by, to or before an officer of that court ;
(b) the orders made, or other things done, by a magistrates'
court, or an officer of such a court, under this Part of
this Act, or by a court in a reciprocating country, notice
of which is to be given to such persons as the rules may
provide and the manner in which such notice shall be
given ;
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 153
Act 1972
( c ) the cases and manner in which courts in reciprocating
PART I
countries are to be informed of orders made, or other
things done, by a magistrates' court under this Part
of this Act ;
( d ) the cases and manner in which a justices' clerk may take
evidence needed for the purpose of proceedings in a
court in a reciprocating country relating to a mainten-
ance order to which this Part of this Act applies ;
(e) the circumstances and manner in which cases may be
remitted by magistrates' courts to courts in reciprocat-
ing countries ;
( f ) the circumstances and manner in which magistrates '
courts may for the purposes of this Part of this Act
communicate with courts in reciprocating countries.
( 2 ) Rules with respect to the matters mentioned in subsection
(1) above may be made in accordance with section 23 of the
Magistrates' Courts Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1964 in relation to 1964 c. 21
proceedings or matters in magistrates' courts in Northern (N.I. ) .
Ireland under this Part of this Act.
19. Without prejudice to the generality of the powers con- Rules for
ferred on the Court of Session by section 32 of the Sheriff Courts sheriff court.
( Scotland) Act 1971 to regulate by act of sederunt the procedure 1971 c. 58 .
of the sheriff court, the said powers shall include power-
(c) to prescribe the cases and manner in which courts in
by the sheriff , or an officer of the sheriff court, under
this Part of this Act, or by a court in a reciprocating
country, notice of which is to be given to such persons
as the act of sederunt may provide and the manner in
which such notice shall be given ;
(b) to provide that evidence needed for the purpose of pro-
ceedings in a court in a reciprocating country relating
to a maintenance order to which this Part of this Act
applies may, in such cases and manner as the act of
sederunt may provide, be taken by a sheriff clerk or
sheriff clerk depute ;
( c ) to prescribe the cases and manner in which courts in
reciprocating countries are to be informed of decrees
granted, or other things done, by the sheriff under this
Part of this Act ;
( d ) to prescribe the circumstances and manner in which
cases may be remitted by the sheriff to courts in
reciprocating countries ;
(e) to prescribe the circumstances and manner in which
the sheriff may for the purposes of this Part of this Act
communicate with courts in reciprocating countries.
154 c. 18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement )
Act 1972
PART I
Restriction on
enforcement
ofarrears
under
maintenance
order
registered
in Scotland .
20. Where a maintenance order is for the time being registered
in the sheriff court under this Part of this Act, a person shall
not be entitled, except with the leave of the sheriff, to enforce,
whether by diligence or otherwise, the payment of any arrears
due under the order, if either-
( a) the sheriff has made a provisional order under section
9 of this Act revoking the said maintenance order and
the arrears accrued after the making of the said pro-
visional order, or
( b ) the arrears accrued before the commencement of this
Part of this Act ;
and on any application for leave to enforce the payment of any
such arrears, the sheriff may refuse leave, or may grant leave
subject to such restrictions and conditions (including conditions
as to the allowing of time for payment or the making of payment
by instalments) as he thinks appropriate, or may remit the pay-
ment of such arrears or of any part thereof .
Interpretation
ofPart I.
21.- ( 1) In this Part of this Act-
" affiliation order " means an order (however described )
adjudging, finding or declaring a person to be the father
of a child, whether or not it also provides for the main-
tenance of the child ;
" the appropriate court " in relation to a person residing in
England and Wales or in Northern Ireland means a
magistrates' court, and in relation to a person residing
in Scotland means the sheriff court , within the juris-
diction of which that person is residing ;
" certificate of arrears ", in relation to a maintenance order,
means a certificate certifying that the sum specified in
the certificate is to the best of the information or belief
of the officer giving the certificate the amount of the
arrears due under the order at the date of the certificate
or, as the case may be, that to the best of his informa-
tion or belief there are no arrears due thereunder at
thatdate ;
" certified copy ", in relation to an order of a court, means
a copy of the order certified by the proper officer of
the court to be a true copy ;
" court " includes any tribunal or person having power to
make, confirm, enforce, vary or revoke a maintenance
order ;
" maintenance " , as respects Scotland , means aliment ;
" maintenance order " means an order (however described)
of any of the following descriptions, that is to say-
( a) an order ( including an affiliation order or
order consequent upon an affiliation order) which
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) с. 18 155
Act 1972
provides for the periodical payment of sums of
PART I
money towards the maintenance of any person, being
a person whom the person liable to make payments
under the order is, according to the law applied in
the place where the order was made, liable to main-
tain; and
( b) an affiliation order or order consequent upon
an affiliation order, being an order which provides
for the payment by a person adjudged, found or
declared to be a child's father of expenses incidental
to the child's birth or, where the child has died, of his
funeral expenses,
and, in the case of a maintenance order which has
been varied, means that order as varied ;
" order ", as respects Scotland, includes any interlocutor,
and any decree or provision contained in an inter-
locutor ;
" payee ", in relation to a maintenance order, means the
person entitled to the payments for which the order
provides ;
" payer ", in relation to a maintenance order, means the
person liable to make payments under the order ;
" prescribed ", in relation to a magistrates' court in England
and Wales or in Northern Ireland, means prescribed by
rules made under section 15 of the Justices ofthe Peace 1949 с. 101 .
Act 1949 or by rules made in accordance with section 1964 c. 21
23 of the Magistrates' Courts Act ( Northern Ireland ) ( N.I. ) .
1964, as the case may be, and in relation to any other
court means prescribed by rules of court ;
" provisional order " means (according to the context)-
( a) an order made by a court in the United King-
dom which is provisional only and has no effect
unless and until confirmed, with or without
alteration, by a competent court in a reciprocating
country ; or
(b ) an order made by a court in a reciprocating
country which is provisional only and has no effect
unless and until confirmed, with or without altera-
tion, by a court in the United Kingdom having power
under this Part of this Act to confirm it ;
" reciprocating country " has the meaning assigned to it
by section 1 of this Act ;
" registered order " means a maintenance order which is for
the time being registered in a court in the United
Kingdom under this Part of this Act ;
156 c. 18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
PART I
Amendments
and repeals.
1920 с. 33.
1952 с. 55.
1958 с. 39.
1962 с. 23 .
Maintenance
order
registered in
High Court
under the
Maintenance
Orders etc.
Act 1920.
Act 1972
" registering court ", in relation to a registered order, means
the court in which that order is for the time being
registered under this Part of this Act ;
" the responsible authority ", in relation to a reciprocating
country, means any person who in that country has
functions similar to those of the Secretary of State
under this Part of this Act.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act an order shall be
taken to be a maintenance order so far (but only so far) as it
relates to the periodical payment of sums of money as mentioned
in paragraph (a) of the definition of " maintenance order " in
subsection ( 1) above or to the payment by a person adjudged,
found or declared to be a child's father of any such expenses
as are mentioned in paragraph (b) of that definition .
(3) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the payment of
money for the maintenance of a child shall be construed as
including a reference to the payment of money for the child's
education.
Amendments, repeals and transitional provisions
22.- ( 1 ) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this
Act shall have effect subject to the minor and consequential
amendments specified therein .
(2) The following are hereby repealed-
( a ) the Maintenance Orders ( Facilities for Enforcement)
Act 1920 ;
( b) in the Magistrates' Court Act, 1952, in section 56(1 )
paragraph (c) and the words from " c or in an order "
to the end ;
(c) in the Maintenance Orders Act 1958, section 19 and,
in section 23 (2) , the words " section nineteen " ;
( d ) in the South Africa Act 1962, paragraph 2 of Schedule
2 .
23.-( 1 ) Where a country or territory, being a country or
territory to which at the commencement of section 1 of this Act
the Maintenance Orders (Facilities for Enforcement ) Act 1920
extended, becomes a reciprocating country, then, if immediately
before the Order in Council made under section 12 of that Act
extending that Act to that country or territory was revoked any
maintenance order made by a court in that country or territory
was registered in the High Court under section 1 of that Act,
the High Court may, on an application by the payer or the
payee under the order or of its own motion, transfer the order
to such magistrates' court as having regard to the place where
the payer is residing and to all the circumstances it thinks most
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 157
Act 1972
appropriate, with a view to the order being registered in that
PART I
court under this Part of this Act.
( 2) Where the High Court transfers an order to a magistrates '
court under this section it shall-
( a) cause a certified copy of the order to be sent to the clerk
of that court, and
( b) cancel the registration of the order in the High Court.
( 3) The clerk of the court who receives a certified copy of
an order sent to him under this section shall register the order
in the prescribed manner in that court.
( 4 ) On registering a maintenance order in a magistrates' court
by virtue of this section the clerk of the court shall, if the order
is registered in that court under Part I of the Maintenance 1958 c. 39.
Orders Act 1958, cancel that registration.
( 5 ) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, for
references to the High Court there shall be substituted references
to the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland.
24. Where Her Majesty proposes by an Order in Council Application
under section 1 of this Act to designate as a reciprocating of Part I to
country a country or territory to which at the commencement of and
certain orders
that section the Maintenance Orders (Facilities for Enforcement) proceedings
Act 1920 extended, that Order in Council may contain such under the
provisions as Her Majesty considers expedient for the purpose Daintenan
of securing- Act 1920.
(a ) that the provisions of this Part of this Act apply, subject 1920 c. 33.
to such modifications as may be specified in the Order,
to maintenance orders, or maintenance orders of a
specified class-
(i ) made by a court in England, Wales or Northern
Ireland against a person residing in that country or
territory, or
( ii ) made by a court in that country or territory
against a person residing in England, Wales or
Northern Ireland,
being orders to which immediately before the date of
the coming into operation of the Order in Council the
said Act of 1920 applied, except any order which im-
mediately before that date is registered in the High
Court or the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland
under section 1 of that Act ;
( b) that any maintenance order, or maintenance order of
a specified class, made by a court in that country or
territory which has been confirmed by a court in
England, Wales or Northern Ireland under section 4
of the said Act of 1920 and is in force immediately
before that date is registered under section 7 of this
Act;
158 c. 18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
PART I Act 1972
( c) that any proceedings brought under or by virtue of a
provision of the said Act of 1920 in a court in England,
Wales or Northern Ireland which are pending at that
date, being proceedings affecting a person resident in
that country or territory, are continued as if they had
been brought under or by virtue of the corresponding
provision of this Part of this Act .
Convention
countries. Application
by person
inUnited
Kingdom for recovery,
etc. of
maintenance
in convention
country.
PART II
RECIPROCAL ENFORCEMENT OF CLAIMS FOR THE RECOVERY
OF MAINTENANCE
Convention countries
25.-( 1 ) Her Majesty may by Order in Council declare that
any country or territory specified in the Order, being a country
or territory outside the United Kingdom to which the Main-
tenance Convention extends, is a convention country for the
purposes of this Part of this Act.
( 2 ) In this section " the Maintenance Convention " means
the United Nations Convention on the Recovery Abroad of
Maintenance done at New York on 20th June 1956.
Application by person in the United Kingdom for recovery, etc.
of maintenance in convention country
26.-( 1 ) Where a person in the United Kingdom ( " the
applicant ") claims to be entitled to recover in a convention
country maintenance from another person , and that other person
is for the time being subject to the jurisdiction of that country,
the applicant may apply to the Secretary of State, in accordance
with the provisions of this section, to have his claim for the
recovery of maintenance from that other person transmitted to
that country .
( 2) Where the applicant seeks to vary any provision made in
a convention country for the payment by any other person of
maintenance to the applicant, and that other person is for the
time being subject to the jurisdiction of that country, the appli-
cant may apply to the Secretary of State, in accordance with
the provisions of this section, to have his application for the
variation of that provision transmitted to that country.
( 3) An application to the Secretary of State under subsection
(1 ) or (2) above shall be made through the appropriate officer,
and that officer shall assist the applicant in completing an
application which will comply with the requirements of the law
applied by the convention country and shall send the application
to the Secretary of State, together with such other documents, if
any, as are required by that law.
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 159
Act 1972
( 4) On receiving an application from the appropriate officer
PART II
the Secretary of State shall transmit it, together with any accom-
panying documents, to the appropriate authority in the conven-
tion country, unless he is satisfied that the application is not
made in good faith or that it does not comply with the require-
ments of the law applied by that country.
( 5) The Secretary of State may request the appropriate officer
to obtain from the court of which he is an officer such informa-
tion relating to the application as may be specified in the request,
and it shall be the duty of the court to furnish the Secretary of
State with the information he requires.
(6) Where the applicant is residing in England and Wales or in
Northern Ireland the appropriate officer for the purposes of
this section is the clerk of a magistrates' court acting for the petty
sessions area or petty sessions district, as the case may be, in
which the applicant is residing.
( 7) Where the applicant is residing in Scotland the appro-
priate officer for the purposes of this section is the sheriff clerk or
sheriff clerk depute of the sheriff court within the jurisdiction
of which the applicant is residing.
Application by person in convention country for recovery of
maintenance in England, Wales or Northern Ireland
27.-( 1 ) Where the Secretary of State receives from the appro- General
priate authority in a convention country an application by aprovisions
person in that country for the recovery of maintenance from relating to
application
another person who is for the time being residing in England for recovery of
and Wales or in Northern Ireland, he shall send the application, maintenance
together with any accompanying documents, to the clerk of a in England,
magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area or petty etc.
sessions district, as the case may be, in which that other person
is residing ; and the application shall be treated for the purposes
of any enactment as if it were a complaint and references in
this section and in sections 28, 29 and 30 of this Act to the
complaint, the complainant and the defendant shall be construed
accordingly.
(2) Where the complaint is for an affiliation order, a magi-
strates' court acting for the petty sessions area or petty sessions
district, as the case may be, in which the defendant is residing
shall have jurisdiction to hear the complaint.
( 3) Section 15(2) (a) of the Guardianship of Minors Act 1971 1971 c. 3 .
( which restricts the power of a magistrates' court to entertain an
application under that Act relating to a minor who has attained
the age of sixteen) shall not apply to the complaint.
( 4) If a summons to appear before a magistrates' court having
jurisdiction to hear the complaint cannot be duly served on the
160 c. 18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART II
1952 с. 55.
1957 с. 55 .
1960 с. 48.
1964 с. 21
(Ν.Ι.) .
1949 с. 101.
defendant, the clerk of the court shall, subject to subsection (5)
below, return the complaint and the accompanying documents to
the Secretary of State with a statement giving such information
as he possesses as to the whereabouts of the defendant, and
unless the Secretary of State is satisfied that the defendant is not
residing in the United Kingdom he shall deal with the complaint
in accordance with subsection (1) above or section 31 of this Act,
as the circumstances of the case require.
( 5) If the clerk of a magistrates' court to whom the complaint
is sent in pursuance of a provision of this section is satisfied that
the defendant is residing within the jurisdiction of another magi-
strates' court in that part of the United Kingdom in which the
first -mentioned court is he shall send the complaint and accom-
panying documents to the clerk of that other court and shall
inform the Secretary of State that he has done so.
( 6) The clerk of a court to whom the complaint is sent under
subsection ( 5) above shall proceed as if it had been sent to him
under subsection ( 1 ) above.
(7) When hearing the complaint a magistrates' court shall
proceed as if the complainant were before the court.
(8) If a magistrates' court makes an order on the complaint,
the clerk of the court shall register the order in the prescribed
manner in that court.
( 9) Payment of sums due under a registered order shall, while
the order is registered in a magistrates' court, be made in such
manner and to such person as may be prescribed, and none of
the following enactments relating to the power of a magistrates'
court to direct payments to be made to or through the collecting
officer of the court or some other person, that is to say, section
52 of the Magistrates' Court Act 1952, section 5(5) of the
Affiliation Proceedings Act 1957, section 13( 2) of the Matri-
monial Proceedings (Magistrates' Courts) Act 1960 and sub-
sections ( 1) to (8) of section 95 of the Magistrates' Courts Act
( Northern Ireland) 1964, shall apply in relation to a registered
order.
(10) Without prejudice to the generality of the power to make
rules under section 15 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949
( magistrates' courts rules) , the said power shall include power
to prescribe the orders made or other things done by a
magistrates' court, or an officer of such a court, under this Part
of this Act, notice of which is to be given to such persons as the
rules may provide and the manner in which such notice shall be
given.
(11) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland,
in subsection (10), for the reference to section 15 of the Justices
of the Peace Act 1949 there shall be substituted a reference to
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 161
Act 1972
section 23 of the Magistrates' Courts Act ( Northern Ireland)
PART II
1964.
1964 с. 21
( Ν.Ι.) .
28 .-( 1 ) Where the complaint is a complaint under section 1 Complaint
of the Matrimonial Proceedings ( Magistrates' Courts) Act 1960, by spouse in
the provisions of this section shall have effect. convention
country for
( 2) Where the complainant is the wife of the defendant, the recovery in
England and
only provisions which the court hearing the complaint mayWales of
include in an order under section 2( 1 ) of the said Act of 1960, or maintenance
in an interim order under section 6 thereof, are either or both of from other
the following provisions, namely-
spouse.
1960 с. 48.( a ) a provision such as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of the
said section 2(1 ) ; and
( b ) a provision for the making by the defendant for the
maintenance of any child of the family of weekly
payments, being-
(i ) if and for so long as the child is under the
age of sixteen years, payments to the complainant ;
(ii ) if it appears to the court that the child is,
or will be, or if such payments were made would
be, a dependant though over the age of sixteen years ,
and that it is expedient that such payments should
be made in respect of that child while such a
dependant, payments to such person (who may be
the child or the complainant) as may be specified in
the order, for such period during which the child is
over that age but under the age of twenty- one years
as may be so specified.
(3) Where the complainant is the husband of the defendant, the
only provisions which the court hearing the complaint may
include in an order under the said section 2( 1 ), or in an interim
order under the said section 6, are either or both of the following
provisions , namely-
(a ) where, by reason of the impairment of the husband's
earning capacity through age, illness or disability of
mind or body, it appears to the court reasonable in all
the circumstances so to do, a provision such as is men-
tioned in paragraph (c) of the said section 2( 1 ) ; and
( b) a provision such as is mentioned in subsection (2) ( b)
above.
( 4) Where the court has begun to hear the complaint, being a
complaint for maintenance for the complainant and for a child of
the family, then, whether or not the court makes an order
containing a provision such as is mentioned in paragraph (b) or
( c ) of the said section 2( 1) , it may, subject to section 2(5)
of the said Act of 1960 (order for payments by a party in respect
F
162 c. 18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
PART II 1952 с. 55.
Complaint
bywoman
in convention
country for
recovery in
Northern
Ireland of
maintenance
from her
husband.
1945 с. 14
(Ν.Ι. ) .
Act 1972
of child who is not a child of that party ), make a matrimonial
order containing a provision such as is mentioned in subsection
( 2)(b) above ; and the court shall not dismiss or make its final
order on the complaint until it has decided whether or not, and
if so how, the power conferred on it by this subsection should
be exercised.
( 5) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the
power of a magistrates ' court under section 53 of the Magistrates'
Courts Act 1952 to vary an order for the periodical payment of
money includes power to vary an order made under the said Act
of 1960 on the complaint by adding to that order any provision
authorised by this section to be included in such an order.
(6) Subject to subsections (2) and (3) above, the said Act of
1960 shall, in its application to the complaint and to a matri-
monial order or interim order made on the complaint, have
effect subject to the following modifications , that is to say-
(a ) in sections 2(5), 6(2)(a), 7( 3) and 8(2), for references to
section 2( 1 ) ( h) of that Act there shall be substituted
references to subsection ( 2) (b) above ;
( b) in sections 6(3) and (4) , 7(2) and 11 (2), and in the defini-
tions of those orders in section 16, references to section
8 of that Act shall be construed as including references
to section 53 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 ;
(c ) in section 13( 4), the reference to that Act shall be con-
strued as including a reference to this Part of this
Act; and
( d ) sections 3, 4, 5, 8(1 ), 9, 10 and 13(2) shall be omitted.
29.-( 1 ) Where the complaint is a complaint under section 1
of the Summary Jurisdiction (Separation and Maintenance) Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1945, the provisions of this section shall have
effect.
( 2) The only provisions which the court hearing the complaint
may include in an order under section 3(1) of the said Act of
1945, or in an interim order under section 4 thereof , are either
or both of the following provisions, namely-
( a) a provision such as is mentioned in paragraph (c) of
the said section 3 ( 1 ) ; and
(b) a provision such as is mentioned in paragraph ( d ) of that
subsection ;
but in determining whether to include in any such order a pro-
vision such as is mentioned in the said paragraph (d ) as respects
a child the legal custody of whom has not been committed to
any person, the court shall proceed as if it had made an order
under the said section 3(1) committing the child to the custody
of the wife.
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 163
Act 1972
(3) Section 5(2) of the said Act of 1945 (power to make new
PART II
order where order made on application of a married woman is
discharged) shall have effect where an order made on the com-
plaint is discharged as if the words " that the legal custody of
the children of the marriage shall continue to be committed to
such married woman and " were omitted .
( 4 ) Section 8 of the said Act of 1945 (power to refuse order
in case more suitable for High Court) shall not apply in relation
to the complaint.
30.-( 1 ) Where the complaint is for an order under section Further
9( 2) of the Guardianship of Minors Act 1971, and the court provisions
hearing the complaint is satisfied that, if it made an order under relating to
subsection ( 1 ) of that section giving the custody of the minor recovery in
England,
to whom the complaint relates to the complainant, it would have Wales and
power to make an order under subsection (2) of that section Northern
for the payment of sums towards the maintenance of the minor, Ireland of
maintenance
it shall in determining whether to make an order on the com- for children.
plaint proceed as if it had made an order under subsection ( 1 )
1971 с. 3.
of that section giving the custody of the minor to the com-
plainant.
( 2 ) Section 16( 4) of the said Act of 1971 (refusal of order in
case more suitable for the High Court ) shall not apply in relation
to a complaint to which subsection ( 1 ) above applies or in relation
to an application for the variation or revocation of an order
made on such a complaint.
(3) Where the complaint is for an affiliation order under the
Affiliation Proceedings Act 1957 or the Illegitimate Children 1957 с. 55.
( Affiliation Orders) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1924- 1942 с. 27
( a ) it shall be sufficient for the purposes of paragraph ( b) ( N.I.) .
of section 2( 1 ) of the said Act of 1957 (time for making
complaint) or paragraph (c) of section 2( 3) of the said
Act of 1924 (provision to the like effect) , as the case
may be, to prove that the defendant has within the
twelve months next after the birth of the child to
whom the complaint relates paid money for its main-
tenance in pursuance of a requirement of the law
applied by a court outside the United Kingdom ; and
( b) any evidence of the complainant in support of the
complaint given in a convention country a record or
summary of which is received by the court hearing the
complaint, or the court hearing an appeal against an
affiliation order made on the complaint or against the
refusal to make such an order, shall be treated by the
court hearing the complaint or the court hearing such
an appeal, as the case may be, as if it had been given
by the complainant in person before that court.
F2
164 c. 18 Maintenance Orders ( Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART II
( 4 ) Where the complaint is for an affiliation order under the
said Act of 1924, a summons may be issued on the complaint
notwithstanding that the complainant has not made the informa-
tion mentioned in section 2(4) of that Act.
(5) Without prejudice to any other enactment empowering
a magistrates' court to vary an affiliation order made by it,
an affiliation order made under the said Act of 1957 or the
said Act of 1924, as the case may be, on the complaint may be
varied by such a court so as to entitle any person, other than
the complainant, who for the time being has the custody of the
child to whom the order relates to any payments to be made
under the order.
(6) Section 41 of this Act shall not apply in relation to an
order under section 9(2) of the said Act of 1971 , or an affiliation
order under the said Act of 1957, made on the complaint.
Application by person in convention country for recovery of
maintenance in Scotland
Application
31.-( 1 ) Where the Secretary of State receives from the appro-
by person
priate authority in a convention country an application by a
in convention
person in that country for the recovery of maintenance from
country for
another person who is for the time being residing in Scotland,
recovery of maintenance
he shall send the application, together with any accompanying
in Scotland.
documents, to the secretary of the committee established under
Article 5 of the Legal Aid (Scotland) Scheme 1958, or under
the corresponding provision of any scheme amending or having
effect in place of that Scheme ; and the secretary shall thereupon
send the application and any accompanying documents to a
solicitor practising in the sheriff court within the jurisdiction of
which that other person is residing, with a view to the solicitor's
taking on behalf of the applicant such steps as appear to the
solicitor appropriate in respect of the application.
(2) Where in any proceedings arising out of such an applica-
tion as aforesaid the sheriff makes an order containing a pro-
vision requiring the payment of maintenance, the sheriff clerk
or sheriff clerk depute shall register the order in the prescribed
manner in the court.
( 3) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers con-
1971 с. 58 .
ferred on the Court of Session by section 32 of the Sheriff Courts
( Scotland) Act 1971 to regulate by act of sederunt the procedure
of the sheriff court, the said powers shall include power to
prescribe the decrees granted, or other things done, by the
sheriff, or an officer of the sheriff court, under this Part of this
Act, notice of which is to be given to such persons as the act of
sederunt may provide and the manner in which such notice shall
be given.
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement ) c. 18 165
Act 1972
Transfer, enforcement, variation and revocation of
PART II
registered orders
32.-( 1 ) Where the prescribed officer of the registering court Transfer
is of opinion that the payer under a registered order has ceased to of orders.
reside within the jurisdiction of that court, then, unless he is of
opinion that the payer has ceased to reside in the United
Kingdom, he shall, subject to subsection (2) below, send a
certified copy of the order and the related documents to the
Secretary of State, and if he is of opinion that the payer has
ceased to reside in the United Kingdom he shall send a notice
to that effect to the Secretary of State.
( 2) Where the clerk of the registering court, being a magis-
trates ' court, is of opinion that the payer is residing within
the jurisdiction of another magistrates' court in that part of the
United Kingdom in which the registering court is, he shall
transfer the order to that other court by sending a certified copy
of the order and the related documents to the clerk of that other
court and, subject to subsection (4) below, that clerk shall register
the order in the prescribed manner in that court.
( 3) Where a certified copy of an order is received by the
Secretary of State under this section and it appears to him that
the payer under the order is still residing in the United Kingdom,
he shall transfer the order to the appropriate court by sending
the copy of the order and the related documents to the prescribed
officer of the appropriate court and, subject to subsection (4)
below, that officer shall register the order in the prescribed
manner in that court.
( 4) Before registering an order in pursuance of subsection (2)
or (3) above an officer of a court shall take such steps as he
thinks fit for the purpose of ascertaining whether the payer under
the order is residing within the jurisdiction of the court, and
if after taking those steps he is satisfied that the payer is not so
residing he shall return the certified copy of the order and the
related documents to the officer of the court or the Secretary of
State, as the case may be, from whom he received them, together
with a statement giving such information as he possesses as to
the whereabouts of the payer.
(5) Where a certified copy of an order is received by the
Secretary of State under this section and it appears to him that
the payer under the order has ceased to reside in the United
Kingdom he shall return the copy of the order and the related
documents to the registering court.
(6) An officer of a court on registering an order in the court
in pursuance of subsection ( 2) or ( 3) above shall give notice of
the registration in the prescribed manner to the prescribed
officer of the court in which immediately before its registration
under this section the order was registered.
F3
c. 18
166 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART II
( 7 ) The officer to whom notice is given under subsection
( 6 ) above shall on receiving the notice cancel the registration of
the order in that court.
( 8) In this section-
" the appropriate court ", in relation to a person residing in
England and Wales or in Northern Ireland, means a
magistrates' court within the jurisdiction of which that
person is residing ;
"
" certificate of arrears and " certified copy " have the
same meanings respectively as in Part I of this Act ;
" payer ", in relation to a registered order, means the person
liable to make payments under the order ; and
" related documents " means
( a) the application on which the order was made ;
( b) a certificate of arrears signed by the prescribed
officer of the registering court ;
( c) a statement giving such information as he
possesses as to the whereabouts of the payer ;
and
(d ) any relevant documents in his possession relating
to the case.
( 9) In the application of this section to Scotland-
( a) in subsection ( 1), for the words " within the jurisdiction
of that court " there shall be substituted the words " in
Scotland" ;
(b) subsection ( 2) shall be omitted ;
(c ) in subsection (4), for the words " the officer of the court
or the Secretary of State, as the case may be, from
whom he received them " there shall be substituted the
words " the Secretary of State " ;
( d ) at the end of subsection (6) there shall be inserted the
words " and to the Secretary of State " ;
( e) after subsection (7) there shall be inserted the following
subsections : -
" (7A ) The Secretary of State on receiving notice
under subsection (6) above shall send a copy of
the registered order and of the related documents
to the secretary of the committee mentioned in
section 31 ( 1 ) of this Act, and the secretary shall
thereupon send the copy of the order and of the
related documents to a solicitor practising in the
registering court, with a view to the solicitor's taking
on behalf of the person entitled to the payments for
which the order provides such steps as appear to the
solicitor appropriate to enforce the order.
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 167
Act 1972
(7B) Where an order is registered in the sheriff
PART II
court by virtue of subsection (3) above, any provision
of the order by virtue of which the payments for
which the order provides are required to be made
through or to any officer or person on behalf of the
person entitled thereto shall be of no effect so long
as the order is so registered. " ;
( f ) " appropriate court ", in relation to a person residing
in Scotland, means the sheriff court within the jurisdic-
tion of which that person is residing.
33.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, a registered order Enforcement
which is registered in a court other than the court by which of orders.
the order was made may be enforced as if it had been made
by the registering court and as if that court had had jurisdiction
to make it ; and proceedings for or with respect to the enforce-
ment of any such order may be taken in accordance with this
subsection but not otherwise .
( 2 ) Subsection (1) above does not apply to an order which
is for the time being registered in the High Court under Part I
of the Maintenance Orders Act 1958 or to an order which 1958 c. 39.
is for the time being registered in the High Court of Justice in
Northern Ireland under Part II of the Maintenance and Affilia- 1966 c. 35
tion Orders Act ( Northern Ireland) 1966.
( Ν.Ι.).
( 3) An order which by virtue of subsection ( 1) above is
enforceable by a magistrates' court shall be enforceable as if
it were an affiliation order made by that court ; and the provisions
of any enactment with respect to the enforcement of affiliation
orders (including enactments relating to the accrual of arrears
and the remission of sums due) shall apply accordingly.
In this subsection " enactment " includes any order, rule or
regulation made in pursuance of any Act.
( 4) A magistrates' court in which an order is registered under
this Part of this Act, and the officers thereof, shall take all
such steps for enforcing the order as may be prescribed.
( 5) In any proceedings for or with respect to the enforcement
of an order which is for the time being registered in any court
under this Part of this Act a certificate of arrears sent under
section 32 of this Act to the prescribed officer of the court shall
be evidence of the facts stated therein.
(6 ) Part II of the Maintenance Orders Act 1950 ( enforcement 1950 c. 37 .
of certain orders throughout the United Kingdom) shall not
apply to a registered order .
( 7) In the application of this section to Scotland-
(a ) subsections (2) to ( 4) shall be omitted ; and
(b) in subsection (5) , for the word " evidence " there shall
be substituted the words " sufficient evidence " .
F4
168 c. 18 Maintenance Orders ( Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART II
Variation and
revocation
oforders.
34.-( 1) Where a registered order is registered in a court other
than the court by which the order was made, the registering court
shall have the like power to vary or revoke the order as if it
had been made by the registering court and as if that court had
had jurisdiction to make it ; and no court other than the
registering court shall have power to vary or revoke a registered
order.
(2 ) Where the registering court revokes a registered order
it shall cancel the registration.
(3) Where the Secretary of State receives from the appropriate
authority in a convention country an application by a person
in that country for the variation of a registered order, he shall,
if the registering court is a magistrates' court, send the applica-
tion together with any documents accompanying it to the clerk
of that court.
( 4 ) Where a court in a part of the United Kingdom makes,
or refuses to make, an order varying or revoking a registered
order made by a court in another part thereof, any person shall
have the like right of appeal (if any) against the order or refusal
as he would have if the registered order had been made by
the first -mentioned court.
( 5 ) In the application of this section to Scotland, for sub-
section (3) there shall be substituted the following subsection : -
“ ( 3) Where the Secretary of State receives from the
appropriate authority in a convention country an applica-
tion by a person in that country for the variation of a
registered order, he shall, if the registering court is a
sheriff court, send the application, together with any docu-
ments accompanying it, to the secretary of the committee
mentioned in section 31( 1) of this Act, and the secretary
shall thereupon send the application and any accompany-
ing documents to a solicitor practising in the registering
court, with a view to the solicitor's taking on behalf of the
applicant such steps as appear to the solicitor appropriate
in respect of the application. "
Further
provisions
with respect
to variation,
etc. of orders
by magistrates'
courts.
35.-( 1 ) Notwithstanding anything in section 28 ( 6) (d ) or 30 ( 6)
of this Act, a magistrates' court shall have jurisdiction to hear
an application for the variation or revocation of a registered order
registered in that court, being-
(a) an application made by the person against whom or on
whose application the order was made, or
(b) an application made by some other person in pursuance
of section 30( 5) of this Act for the variation of an
affiliation order,
notwithstanding that the person by or against whom the applica-
tion is made is residing outside England and Wales.
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 169
Act 1972
(2) Where an application by a person in a convention country
PART II
for the variation of a registered order is received from the
Secretary of State by the clerk of a magistrates' court, he shall
treat the application as if it were a complaint for the variation
of the order to which the application relates, and the court
hearing the application shall proceed as if the application were
a complaint and the applicant were before the court.
( 3) Without prejudice to subsection ( 2) above, an application
to a magistrates' court for the variation or revocation of a
registered order shall be made by complaint.
( 4) Where the defendant to a complaint for the variation or
revocation of a registered order, being an order registered in a
magistrates' court, does not appear at the time and place
appointed for the hearing of the complaint, but the court is
satisfied-
( a ) that the defendant is residing outside England and
Wales ; and
( b) that such notice of the making of the complaint and of
the time and place aforesaid as may be prescribed has
been given to the defendant in the prescribed manner,
the court may proceed to hear and determine the complaint
at the time and place appointed for the hearing or for any
adjourned hearing in like manner as if the defendant had
appeared at that time and place.
( 5) This section shall have effect in Northern Ireland with
the substitution of references to Northern Ireland for references
to England and Wales.
Supplemental
36.- (1) A statement contained in-
Admissibility
(a) a document, duly authenticated, which purports to
set
ofevidence
given in
out or summarise evidence given in proceedings in a convention
court in a convention country ; or
country.( b) a document, duly authenticated, which purports to set
out or summarise evidence taken in such a country for
the purpose of proceedings in a court in the United
Kingdom under this Part of this Act, whether in
response to a request made on behalf of such a court
or otherwise ; or
( c ) a document, duly authenticated, which purports to have
been received in evidence in proceedings in a court in
such a country, or to be a copy of a document so
received ,
shall, in any proceedings in a magistrates' court or sheriff court
arising out of an application received by the Secretary of State
170 c. 18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART II as mentioned in section 27( 1) or 31(1) of this Act or out of an
application made by any person for the variation or revocation
of a registered order or in proceedings on appeal from any
such proceedings, be admissible as evidence of any fact stated
therein to the same extent as oral evidence of that fact is
admissible in those proceedings .
( 2) A document purporting to set out or summarise evidence
given as mentioned in subsection ( 1) (a) above, or taken as
mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) (b) above, shall be deemed to be
duly authenticated for the purposes of that subsection if the
document purports to be certified by the judge, magistrate or
other person before whom the evidence was given or, as the
case may be, by whom it was taken, to be the original docu-
ment containing or recording, or, as the case may be, summaris-
ing, that evidence or a true copy of that document.
( 3) Adocument purporting to have been received in evidence
as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) (c) above, or to be a copy of a
document so received, shall be deemed to be duly authenticated
for the purposes of that subsection if the document purports to
be certified by a judge, magistrate or officer of the court in
question to have been, or to be a true copy of a document which
has been, so received.
( 4 ) It shall not be necessary in any such proceedings to prove
the signature or official position of the person appearing to have
given such a certificate.
( 5) Nothing in this section shall prejudice the admission in
evidence of any document which is admissible in evidence apart
from this section.
Obtaining of
37.-( 1 ) A court in the United Kingdom may for the purpose
evidence for
of any proceedings in that court under this Part of this Act
purpose of
proceedings in arising out of an application received by the Secretary of State
United
from a convention country request the Secretary of State to
Kingdom
make to the appropriate authority or court in the convention
court.
country a request for the taking in that country of the evidence
of a person residing therein relating to matters connected with
the application.
( 2) A request made by a court under this section shall-
(a) give details of the application in question ;
( b) state the name and address of the person whose evidence
is to be taken ; and
( c) specify the matters relating to which the evidence of
that person is required.
( 3) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that a request made to
him under this section contains sufficient information to enable
the evidence of the person named in the request relating to the
matters specified therein to be taken by a court or person in
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 171
Act 1972
the convention country, he shall transmit the request to the appropriate authority or court in that country.
PART II
38.-( 1 ) Where a request is made to the Secretary of State Taking of
by or on behalf of a court in a convention country to obtain evidence at
the evidence of a person residing in the United Kingdom relating request of
court in
to matters connected with an application to which section 26 of convention
this Act applies, the Secretary of State shall request such court, country.
or such officer of a court, as he may determine to take the
evidence of that person relating to such matters connected with
that application as may be specified in the request.
( 2) The court by which or officer by whom a request under
subsection ( 1 ) above is received from the Secretary of State
shall have power to take the evidence and, after giving notice
of the time and place at which the evidence is to be taken to
such persons and in such manner as it or he thinks fit, shall take
the evidence of the person named in the request relating to the
matters specified therein in such manner as may be prescribed ;
and the evidence so taken shall be sent in the prescribed manner
by the prescribed officer to the court in the convention country
by or on behalf of which the request referred to in subsection ( 1 )
above was made.
(3) Where any person, not being the person by whom the
application mentioned in subsection ( 1) above was made, is
required by virtue of this section to give evidence before a court
in the United Kingdom, the court may order that there shall
be paid-
( a ) if the court is a court in England, Wales or Scotland,
out of moneys provided by Parliament ; and
( b) if the court is a court in Northern Ireland, out of moneys
provided by the Parliament of Northern Ireland,
such sums as appear to the court reasonably sufficient to com-
pensate that person for the expense, trouble or loss of time
properly incurred in or incidental to his attendance .
( 4) Section 77 (1 ), (3) and ( 4) of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 c. 55.
1952 (which provide for compelling the attendance of witnesses,
etc.) shall apply in relation to a magistrates' court to which a
request under subsection ( 1) above is made as if the application
to which the request relates were a complaint to be heard by
that court.
(5) Paragraphs 71 and 73 of Schedule 1 to the Sheriff Courts 1907 c. 51 .
( Scotland) Act 1907 (which provide for the citation of witnesses,
etc.) shall apply in relation to a sheriff court to which a request
under subsection (1 ) above is made as if the application to which
the request relates were proceedings in that court.
172 c. 18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART II
( 6 ) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, in
subsection (4), for the reference to section 77( 1), (3) and (4) of
1952 с. 55.
the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 there shall be substituted a
reference to sections 120( 1 ), (3) and ( 4), 121 and 122 of the
1964 с. 21
Magistrates' Courts Act ( Northern Ireland) 1964.
( Ν.Ι. ) .
Interpretation
ofPart II.
39. In this Part of this Act-
" maintenance " , as respects Scotland, means aliment ;
66 order ", as respects Scotland, includes any interlocutor,
and any decree or provision contained in an inter-
locutor ;
" prescribed " has the same meaning as in Part I of this
Act;
" registered order " means an order which is for the time
being registered in a court in the United Kingdom under
this Part of this Act ;
" registering court ", in relation to a registered order, means
the court in which that order is for the time being
registered under this Part of this Act.
Power to
apply Act to
maintenance
orders and
applications
for recovery of
maintenance
made in certain
countries.
PART III
MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTAL
Further provisions relating to enforcement of maintenance
orders and to applications for recovery of maintenance
40. Where Her Majesty is satisfied-
( a ) that arrangements have been or will be made in a
country or territory outside the United Kingdom to
ensure that maintenance orders made by courts in the
United Kingdom against persons in that country or
territory can be enforced in that country or territory
or that applications by persons in the United Kingdom
for the recovery of maintenance from persons in that
country or territory can be entertained by courts in
that country or territory ; and
( b) that in the interest of reciprocity it is desirable to ensure
that maintenance orders made by courts in that country
or territory against persons in the United Kingdom
can be enforced in the United Kingdom or, as the case
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 173
Act 1972
may be, that applications by persons in that country
PART III
or territory for the recovery of maintenance from per-
sons in the United Kingdom can be entertained by
courts in the United Kingdom,
Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision for apply-
ing the provisions of this Act, with such exceptions, adaptations
and modifications as may be specified in the Order, to such
orders or applications as are referred to in paragraphs (a) and
(b ) above and to maintenance and other orders made in con-
nection with such applications by courts in the United Kingdom
or in that country or territory.
Provisions with respect to certain orders of magistrates ' courts
41.-( 1) The jurisdiction to revoke, revive or vary an order Complaint for
for the periodical payment of money conferred on magistrates' variation, etc.
ofcertain
courts by section 53 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 shall, orders by or
in the case of-
against persons
(a ) an affiliation order, or
outside
England
( b) an order under section 9, 10 or 11 of the Guardianship and Wales.
of Minors Act 1971 for the payment of sums towards 1952 c. 55.
the maintenance of a minor,
1971 с. 3 .
be exercisable notwithstanding that the proceedings for the
revocation, revival or variation, as the case may be, of the order
are brought by or against a person residing outside England
and Wales.
(2) Subsections (2) to (5) of section 9 of the Matrimonial Pro- 1960 c. 48 .
ceedings (Magistrates' Courts) Act 1960 ( which relates to the
procedure to be followed in the case of a complaint by or
against a person outside England and Wales for variation, etc. ,
of an order made under that Act ) shall, for the purposes of
subsection ( 1 ) above, apply in respect of any such order as is
mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of that subsection as they
apply in respect of a matrimonial or interim order, but with
the substitution of references to section 53 of the said Act of
1952 for references to section 8 of the said Act of 1960.
( 3) In section 15(1) of the Maintenance Orders Act 1950 1950 с. 37.
(service of process on a person residing in Scotland or Northern
Ireland) , after the words " Act 1971 " there shall be inserted the
words " or section 41 of the Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal
Enforcement) Act 1972 " .
( 4) Section 3(3) of the said Act of 1950 ( jurisdiction in pro-
ceedings by or against a person residing in Scotland or Northern
Ireland for the revocation, etc. , of an affiliation order) is hereby
repealed.
174 c. 18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART III
Provisional
order for
maintenance
ofparty to
marriage made
bymagistrates '
court to cease
to have effect
on remarriage
ofparty.
1960 с. 48.
1970 с. 45.
1920 с. 33 .
Extension of
legal aid.
1949 с. 51 .
1965 с. 8
(Ν.Ι.).
42.-( 1 ) Where a magistrates' court has, by virtue of section
3 of this Act, made a provisional maintenance order consisting
of , or including, a provision such as is mentioned in section
2( 1) (b) or (c) of the Matrimonial Proceedings (Magistrates '
Courts) Act 1960 (payment of weekly sums by husband or wife)
and the order has been confirmed by a competent court in a
reciprocating country, then, if after the making of that order
the marriage of the parties to the proceedings in which the order
was made is dissolved or annulled but the order continues in
force, that order or, as the case may be, that provision thereof
shall cease to have effect on the remarriage of the party in
whose favour it was made, except in relation to any arrears
due under it on the date of such remarriage and shall not be
capable of being revived.
( 2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that
references in this section to remarriage include references to
a marriage which is by law void or voidable .
( 3) In section 30( 2) of the Matrimonial Proceedings and
Property Act 1970 ( which makes, in relation to such an order
as is referred to in subsection ( 1) above which was confirmed
in accordance with section 3 of the Maintenance Orders
( Facilities for Enforcement) Act 1920, provision to the like
effect as that subsection) the words from " but with the modifi-
cation " to the end are hereby repealed.
Supplemental provisions
43.-( 1 ) At the end of paragraph 3 of Part I of Schedule 1 to
the Legal Aid and Advice Act 1949 (which specifies the pro-
ceedings in a magistrates' court or the Crown Court for which
legal aid may be given under section 1 of that Act ) there shall
be inserted the following sub-paragraph : -
" ( d ) proceedings under Part I of the Maintenance Orders
( Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1972 relating to a main-
tenance order made by a court of a country outside
the United Kingdom. "
( 2) At the end of paragraph 3 of Part I of Schedule 1 to
the Legal Aid and Advice Act ( Northern Ireland) 1965 (which
specifies the proceedings in a magistrates' court in Northern
Ireland for which legal aid may be given under section 1 of
that Act) there shall be inserted the following sub-paragraph: -
" (d ) proceedings under Part I of the Maintenance Orders
( Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1972 relating to a main-
tenance order made by a court of a country outside
the United Kingdom, and any such proceedings as
are referred to in sub-paragraph (a) above brought by
virtue of Part II of the said Act of 1972 " .
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 175
Act 1972
( 3) The amendment made by subsection (2) above shall have
effect notwithstanding anything in paragraph ( b) of section 1 (6)
of the said Act of 1965 .
PART III
44. (1 ) Section 20 of the Family Law Reform Act 1969 Exclusion
ofcertain
( power of court hearing certain proceedings to require use of enactments
blood tests to determine paternity) and any corresponding enact- relating to
ment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall not apply to evidence.
any proceedings under this Act, but the foregoing provision is 1969 c. 48.
without prejudice to the power of a court to allow the report of
any person who has carried out such tests to be given in evidence
in those proceedings .
(2) The Foreign Tribunals Evidence Act 1856 (which relates 1856 c. 113.
to the taking of evidence in the United Kingdom for the purpose
of proceedings before a foreign tribunal) and the Evidence by 1859 c. 20
Commission Act 1859 ( which relates to the taking of evidence in ( 22 Vict.).
the United Kingdom for the purpose of proceedings before a
court in Her Majesty's dominions) shall not apply to the taking
of evidence in the United Kingdom for the taking of which
section 14 or section 38 of this Act provides .
45.-( 1 ) An Order in Council under section 1 , section 25 or Orders in
section 40 of this Act may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Council.
Order in Council thereunder, and an Order made by virtue of
this section may contain such incidental, consequential and
transitional provisions as Her Majesty considers expedient for
the purposes of that section .
( 2) An Order in Council made under the said section 1 or
the said section 40 shall be subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
46. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Financial
provisions.
Parliament-
(a ) any sums ordered by a court under section 14( 2) or
38 (3) of this Act to be paid out of moneys so provided ;
and
( b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act
in the sums payable under the Legal Aid and Advice 1949 с. 51 .
Act 1949 or the Legal Aid (Scotland) Act 1967 out 1967 c. 43 .
of moneys so provided.
47. (1 ) In this Act-
Interpretation :
" enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of general.
Northern Ireland ;
" magistrates' court " , in relation to Northern Ireland, means
a court of summary jurisdiction within the meaning of
c. 18
176 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
PART III
1964 с. 21
( Ν.Ι.) .
section 1 ( 1 ) of the Magistrates' Courts Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1964.
( 2) References in this Act to a part of the United Kingdom
are references to England and Wales, to Scotland, or to Northern
Ireland.
(3) Any reference in this Act to the jurisdiction of a court,
where the reference is to a person residing, or having ceased to
reside, within the jurisdiction of a court, shall be construed in
relation to a magistrates' court in England and Wales as a
reference to the petty sessions area, and in relation to a magis-
trates' court in Northern Ireland as a reference to the petty
sessions district, for which the court acts .
( 4 ) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment is a
reference thereto as amended, and includes a reference thereto
as extended or applied, by or under any other enactment.
Special
provisions
relating to
Northern
Ireland.
1920 с. 67.
48.-( 1 ) Nothing in this Act shall authorise any Department
of the Government of Northern Ireland to incur any expenses
attributable to the provisions of this Act until provision has
been made by the Parliament of Northern Ireland for those
expenses to be defrayed out of moneys provided by that
Parliament.
(2) For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of
Ireland Act 1920 (which relates to the power of the Parliament
of Northern Ireland to make laws), the provisions of this
Act, so far as they extend to Northern Ireland, shall be deemed
to be provisions of an Act passed before the appointed day.
(3) Any reference in this Act to an enactment of the
Parliament of Northern Ireland or to an enactment which that
Parliament has power to amend, shall be construed, in relation
to Northern Ireland, as a reference to that enactment as amended
or extended by any Act of that Parliament, whether passed before
or after this Act, and to any enactment of that Parliament passed
after this Act and re-enacting the said enactment with or
without modifications .
( 4) If the Parliament of Northern Ireland passes any enactment
for purposes similar to those of any enactment in force in
England and Wales which is referred to in this Act, Her Majesty
may by Order in Council direct that this Act shall have effect
subject to such modifications or adaptations as may be specified
in the Order for the purpose of ensuring the continued operation
of this Act in, or in relation to, Northern Ireland.
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 177
Act 1972
( 5) Section 45 of this Act shall apply in relation to an Order
in Council under subsection ( 4) above as it applies in relation
to an Order in Council under section 1 or 40 of this Act.
PART III
49.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Maintenance Orders Short title and
( Reciprocal Enforcement ) Act 1972 .
commence-
ment.( 2 ) This Act shall come into force on such day as the
Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument
appoint, and different days may be so appointed for different
provisions of this Act , or for different purposes.
178 c. 18 Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement)
Act 1972
Section 22.
SCHEDULE
1952 с. 55.
CONSEQUENTIAL AND MINOR AMENDMENTS
The Magistrates ' Courts Act 1952
1. In section 57( 4) of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1952 (proceedings
to be treated as domestic proceedings) after the words " Act, 1920 "
66
there shall be inserted the words or registered in a magistrates'
court under Part I of the Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforce-
ment) Act 1972 " and for the words " or confirmed ", where last
occurring, there shall be substituted the words " confirmed or
registered " .
1955 с. 18.
1955 с. 19.
1957 с. 53 .
1958 с. 39.
1966 с. 35
( Ν.Ι.).
The Army Act 1955 and the Air Force Act 1955
2. Section 150 of the Army Act 1955 and section 150 of the Air
Force Act 1955 (enforcement of maintenance, etc. orders by deduc-
tion from pay) shall each be amended by the insertion, in sub-
section (5), at the end of the first paragraph of the words " and to an
order registered in such a court under Part I of the Maintenance
Orders ( Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1972 " .
The Naval Discipline Act 1957
3. In section 101 of the Naval Discipline Act 1957 (service of
process in proceedings for maintenance, etc.), in subsection (5), after
“
the words " Act, 1920 " there shall be inserted the words or
registered in such a court under Part I of the Maintenance Orders
( Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1972 " .
The Maintenance Orders Act 1958
4. At the end of section 1 of the Maintenance Orders Act 1958
(introductory provisions setting out the scheme of Part I as respects
registration in one court of a maintenance order made by another)
there shall be inserted the following subsection : -
" ( 4) For the purposes of this section a maintenance order
within the meaning of Part I of the Maintenance Orders
(Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1972 which is registered in a
magistrates' court under the said Part I shall be deemed to be a
maintenance order made by that court. "
The Maintenance and Affiliation Orders Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1966
5. In section 10 of the Maintenance and Affiliation Orders Act
( Northern Ireland) 1966 (orders to which Part II of that Act
applies) -
( a ) in subsection (2), after the word means there shall be
"
66
inserted the words an order made outside the United
Kingdom and registered in a court of summary jurisdiction
in Northern Ireland under Part I of the Maintenance Orders
( Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1972 or " ; and
(b) at the end there shall be inserted the following subsection : -
" (5) For the purposes of this Part an order made out-
side the United Kingdom and registered in a court of
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) c. 18 179
Act 1972
summary jurisdiction in Northern Ireland under Part I
of the Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act
1972 shall be deemed to be a maintenance order made
by that court ".
The Administration of Justice Act 1970
6. At the end of Schedule 8 to the Administration of Justice Act
1970 (maintenance orders to which Part I of the Maintenance Orders
Act 1958 applies ) there shall be inserted the following paragraph : -
" 11. A maintenance order within the meaning of Part I of
the Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1972
registered in a magistrates' court under the said Part I. "
1970 с. 31 .
The Attachment of Earnings Act 1971
7. At the end of Schedule 1 to the Attachment of Earnings Act
1971 ( maintenance orders to which that Act applies ) there shall be
inserted the following paragraph : -
" 11. A maintenance order within the meaning of Part I of
the Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1972
registered in a magistrates' court under the said Part I. "
1971 с. 32.
180 с. 19
SINOH®
PENSE
DIEU ET MON DROIT
Sunday Cinema Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 19
An Act to amend the Sunday Entertainments Act 1932.
[30th March 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
Cinemato-
graph
entertainments
on Sundays .
1.- ( 1) The words in section 1(1) of the Act of 1932 " to
which this section extends " (which limit to certain areas the
power of a licensing authority to allow cinemas to open on
Sundays) shall cease to have effect.
( 2) Paragraph ( b) of the proviso to the said subsection ( 1)
( which requires the imposition of conditions to secure payment
to the Cinematograph Fund and to charity of the whole or a
proportion of the profits of Sunday opening) shall cease to have
effect.
Appeals .
1952 с. 68.
1909 с. 30.
2. The provisions of subsection (1 ) of section 6 of the
Cinematograph Act 1952 (which relates to appeals) shall apply
to a refusal by an authority to allow a place to be opened and
used on Sundays for the purpose of cinematograph entertainments
and to any conditions subject to which it is allowed to be so
opened and used under subsection ( 1) of section 1 of the Act
of 1932, as amended by this Act, as they apply to the refusal of
a licence under the Cinematograph Act 1909 and to any terms,
conditions and restrictions on or subject to which such a licence
is granted.
c. 19
Sunday Cinema Act 1972 181
3. (1 ) So soon as it appears to the Privy Council that no Winding-up of
further sums will accrue to the Cinematograph Fund established Cinemato-
under section 2( 1) of the Act of 1932, the moneys standing to the graph Fund.
credit thereof shall be dealt with as follows, that is to say-
( a ) so much thereof as is certified by the Treasury to equal
the amount of the expenses incurred by the Privy
Council in the administration of the Fund since a
deduction was last made therefrom under subsection (2)
of that section shall be applied as an appropriation in
aid of the moneys provided by Parliament for the
purposes of the Privy Council ; and
( b ) the balance shall be applied in accordance with that
subsection;
and upon those moneys being so dealt with, the Fund shall
cease to exist.
( 2 ) So soon as practicable after the Fund has ceased to exist
an account showing its revenue and expenditure since the date to
which the last previous account was made up under subsection (3)
of the said section 2 shall be transmitted to the Comptroller and
Auditor General who shall certify and report on the account and
lay copies of it and of his report thereon before each House of
Parliament ; and no annual account shall be prepared under
that subsection after the commencement of this Act.
4. The enactments mentioned in columns 1 and 2 of the Repeal.
Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in
column 3 of that Schedule.
5.- (1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings Interpretation.
hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say-
" the Act of 1932 " means the Sunday Entertainments Act 1932 c. 51 .
1932;
66
cinematograph entertainment " has the same meaning as
in the Act of 1932.
( 2 ) Except where the context otherwise requires , any reference
in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to
that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment .
6.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Sunday Cinema Act Short title,
1972.
commence-
ment and
extent.
( 2 ) This Act shall come into force on the 1st July 1972.
( 3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.
c. 19
182 Sunday Cinema Act 1972
Section4.
SCHEDULE
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Chapter
ShortTitle
22 &23 Geo. 5. The Sunday Entertain-
c. 51 .
ments Act 1932.
12, 13 & 14
Geo. 6. c. 35.
1963 с. 33 .
The British Film Institute
Act 1949.
The London Government
Act 1963 .
Extent of Repeal
In section 1(1) the words " to
which this section extends "
and the words from " and (b) "
to the end of the subsection;
in section 1 ( 4) the words from
" and shall " to the end of
the subsection; section 1(5 ) .
In section 5 the definition of
" Prescribed percentage".
The Schedule.
In section 1, the words from
the beginning to " 1932 " .
Section 52( 2 ) from " andsection
1".
с. 20 183
DIEUET MON DROIZ
OPENSE
Road Traffic Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 20
An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to road
traffic with amendments to give effect to recommenda-
tions of the Law Commission and the Scottish Law
Commission. [30th March 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
PART I
PRINCIPAL ROAD SAFETY PROVISIONS
Offences connected with driving of motor vehicles
1.-( 1 ) A person who causes the death of another person Causing death
by the driving of a motor vehicle on a road recklessly, or at a by reckless
speed or in a manner which is dangerous to the public, having or dangerous
regard to all the circumstances of the case, including the nature, driving
condition and use of the road, and the amount of traffic which
is actually at the time, or which might reasonably be expected
to be, on the road, shall be guilty of an offence.
(2) Section 20 of the Coroners (Amendment) Act 1926 (which 1926 c. 59.
makes special provision where the coroner is informed before
the jury have given their verdict that some person has been
charged with one of the offences specified in that section) shall
apply to an offence against this section as it applies to man-
slaughter .
2. If a person drives a motor vehicle on a road recklessly, Reckless, and
or at a speed or in a manner which is dangerous to the dangerous,
public, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, driving
including the nature, condition and use of the road , and the generally .
c. 20
184 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART I amount of traffic which is actually at the time, or which might
reasonably be expected to be, on the road, he shall be guilty
of an offence.
Careless, and 3. If a person drives a motor vehicle on a road without
inconsiderate, due care and attention, or without reasonable consideration
driving. for other persons using the road, he shall be guilty of an offence.
Driving under
age
4.- (1 ) A person shall not drive on a road a motor vehicle
of a class specified in the first column of the following Table
if he is under the age specified in relation thereto in the second
column of that Table.
TABLE
Class of motor vehicle Age
1. Motor cycle or invalid carriage... ... ... 16
2. Motor car 17
... ... ... ... ...
3. Tractor used primarily for work on land in
connection with agriculture 17
... ... ...
4. Heavy locomotive, light locomotive, motor tractor
or heavy motor car, but not including such
a tractor as is mentioned in paragraph 3... 21
( 2) Regulations may provide that in relation to motor cycles
or, if it is so prescribed by the regulations, in relation to motor
cycles of a class so prescribed, the foregoing Table shall have
effect as if it specified such minimum age as may be so
prescribed, not being less than-
(a) 16 years, in the case of motor cycles other than those
of the class specified in the following paragraph ;
( b) 15 years, in the case of motor cycles whereof the
cylinder capacity of the engine does not exceed 50 cubic
centimetres, being cycles equipped with pedals by means
whereof they are capable of being propelled ;
but a person shall not be prohibited by virtue of regulations
having effect by virtue of this subsection from driving motor
cycles of any class if at any time before the coming into force
of the regulations he has held or was entitled (on making the
requisite application and declaration and on payment of the
appropriate fee ) to the grant of a licence, other than a provi-
sional licence, authorising him to drive that class of motor cycle
or if at the time of the coming into force of the regulations he
holds a provisional licence .
( 3) Regulations may provide-
( a) that the age under which a person may not drive on a
road a motor car constructed as mentioned in section
190( 9) of this Act shall, if the motor car is of a class
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 185
specified in the regulations , and is driven with a trailer attached to it in the manner mentioned in that sub-
section, be 21 instead of 17 ;
( b ) that the age under which a person may not drive on a
road a tractor used primarily for work on land in
connection with agriculture shall, if the tractor is of a
class specified in the regulations and is driven in
circumstances so specified, be 16 instead of 17 ;
( c ) that the age under which a person may not drive on a
road a road roller falling within paragraph 4 of the
Table set out in subsection ( 1) above shall, if the roller
is of a class specified in the regulations and is driven
in circumstances so specified, be 17 instead of 21 ;
PART I
but-
( i) a person shall not be prohibited by virtue of regulations
under paragraph (a) above from driving a motor car of
any class if at any time before the coming into force
of the regulations he has held, or was entitled (on
making the requisite application and declaration and
on payment of the appropriate fee) to the grant of, a
licence, other than a provisional licence, authorising
him to drive that class of motor car ; and
(ii) a person under the age of 17 who has not passed the
prescribed test of competence to drive such a tractor
as is mentioned in paragraph (b) above shall not be
authorised by regulations made under that paragraph
to drive such a tractor on a road except while taking,
proceeding to or returning from such a test.
( 4 ) Aperson who drives, or causes or permits a person to drive,
a motor vehicle in contravention of the provisions of this section
shall be guilty of an offence.
5.-( 1 ) A person who, when driving or attempting to drive Driving, or
a motor vehicle on a road or other public place, is unfit to being in
drive through drink or drugs shall be guilty of an offence. charge, when
under
( 2) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, a person who, influence of
drink or
when in charge of a motor vehicle which is on a road or other drugs.
public place, is unfit to drive through drink or drugs shall be
guilty of an offence.
( 3) For the purposes of subsection (2) above a person shall be
deemed not to have been in charge of a motor vehicle if he
proves that at the material time the circumstances were such
that there was no likelihood of his driving it so long as he
remained unfit to drive through drink or drugs .
c. 20
186 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART I
( 4 ) For the purposes of this section a person shall be taken
to be unfit to drive if his ability to drive properly is for the
time being impaired.
(5) A constable may arrest without warrant a person com-
mitting an offence under this section .
Driving, of
6.- (1 ) If a person drives or attempts to drive a motor
being in
vehicle on a road or other public place, having consumed
charge, with
blood- alcohol
alcohol in such a quantity that the proportion thereof in his
concentration blood, as ascertained from a laboratory test for which he
above the
subsequently provides a specimen under section 9 of this Act,
prescribed
exceeds the prescribed limit at the time he provides the
limit.
specimen , he shall be guilty of an offence .
( 2) Without prejudice to subsection ( 1) above, if a person is
in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or other public place
having consumed alcohol as aforesaid, he shall be guilty of
an offence.
( 3) A person shall not be convicted under this section of
being in charge of a motor vehicle if he proves that at the
material time the circumstances were such that there was no
likelihood of his driving it so long as there was any probability
of his having alcohol in his blood in a proportion exceeding
the prescribed limit.
( 4 ) In determining for the purposes of subsection ( 3) above
the likelihood of a person's driving a motor vehicle when he is
injured or the vehicle is damaged, the jury, in the case of pro-
ceedings on indictment, may be directed to disregard, and the
court in any other case may disregard, the fact that he had been
injured or that the vehicle had been damaged.
Evidence on
chargeof unfitness to
drive.
7.- (1) In any proceedings for an offence under section 5
of this Act, the court shall, subject to section 10( 5) thereof,
have regard to any evidence which may be given of the pro-
portion or quantity of alcohol or of any drug which was con-
tained in the blood or present in the body of the accused, as
ascertained by analysis of a specimen of blood taken from
him with his consent by a medical practitioner, or of urine
provided by him, at any material time ; and if it is proved that
the accused, when so requested by a constable at any such
time, refused to consent to the taking of or to provide a
specimen for analysis, his refusal may, unless reasonable cause
therefor is shown, be treated as supporting any evidence given
on behalf of the prosecution, or as rebutting any evidence given
on behalf of the defence, with respect to his condition at that
time.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 187
( 2) A person shall not be treated for the purposes of sub- section ( 1) above as refusing to provide a specimen unless
( a) he is first requested to provide a specimen of blood,
but refuses to do so ;
( b) he is then requested to provide two specimens of urine
within one hour of the request, but fails to provide
them within the hour or refuses at any time within the
hour to provide them ; and
( c ) he is again requested to provide a specimen of blood,
but refuses to do so .
( 3) The first specimen of urine provided in pursuance of a
request under subsection (2)(b) above shall be disregarded for
the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) above.
PART I
8.- (1) A constable in uniform may require any person Breath tests.
driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle on a road or
other public place to provide a specimen of breath for a breath
test there or nearby, if the constable has reasonable cause-
( a) to suspect him of having alcohol in his body, or
( b) to suspect him of having committed a traffic offence
while the vehicle was in motion ;
but no requirement may be made by virtue of paragraph (b)
above unless it is made as soon as reasonably practicable after
the commission of the traffic offence.
( 2) If an accident occurs owing to the presence of a motor
vehicle on a road or other public place, a constable in uniform
may require any person who he has reasonable cause to believe
was driving or attempting to drive the vehicle at the time of
the accident to provide a specimen of breath for a breath test-
(a) except while that person is at a hospital as a patient,
either at or near the place where the requirement is
made or, if the constable thinks fit , at a police station
specified by the constable ;
( b) in the said excepted case, at the hospital ;
but a person shall not be required to provide such a specimen
while at a hospital as a patient if the medical practitioner in
immediate charge of his case is not first notified of the proposal
to make the requirement or objects to the provision of a
specimen on the ground that its provision or the requirement
to provide it would be prejudicial to the proper care or
treatment of the patient.
( 3) A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to provide
a specimen of breath for a breath test under subsection ( 1 )
or (2) above shall be guilty of an offence.
188 Road Traffic Act 1972
c . 20
PART I
1960 с. 16.
1967 с. 76.
Laboratory
tests.
( 4 ) If it appears to a constable in consequence of a breath
test carried out by him on any person under subsection ( 1) or
( 2) above that the device by means of which the test is carried
out indicates that the proportion of alcohol in that person's
blood exceeds the prescribed limit, the constable may arrest
that person without warrant except while that person is at a
hospital as a patient.
( 5) If a person required by a constable under subsection (1 )
or (2) above to provide a specimen of breath for a breath test
fails to do so and the constable has reasonable cause to suspect
him of having alcohol in his body, the constable may arrest him
without warrant except while he is at a hospital as a patient.
(6) Subsections ( 4) and (5) above shall not be construed as
prejudicing the provisions of section 5(5) of this Act.
( 7) A person arrested under this section, or under the said
section 5(5), shall, while at a police station, be given an oppor-
tunity to provide a specimen of breath for a breath test there.
( 8) In this section " traffic offence " means an offence under
any provision of this Act except Part V thereof or under any
provision of Part III of the Road Traffic Act 1960 or the Road
Traffic Regulation Act 1967.
9.-( 1 ) A person who has been arrested under section 5(5)
or 8 of this Act may, while at a police station, be required by
a constable to provide a specimen for a laboratory test (which
may be a specimen of blood or of urine), if he has previously
been given an opportunity to provide a specimen of breath
for a breath test at that station under subsection ( 7) of the said
section 8, and either-
( a) it appears to a constable in consequence of the breath
test that the device by means of which the test is
carried out indicates that the proportion of alcohol
in his blood exceeds the prescribed limit, or
( b) when given the opportunity to provide that specimen,
he fails to do so.
( 2 ) A person while at a hospital as a patient may be required
by a constable to provide at the hospital a specimen for a
laboratory test-
( a) if it appears to a constable in consequence of a breath
test carried out on that person under section 8(2)
of this Act that the device by means of which the
test is carried out indicates that the proportion of
alcohol in his blood exceeds the prescribed limit , or
( b) if that person has been required, whether at the hospital
or elsewhere, to provide a specimen of breath for a
c . 20
Road Traffic Acts 1972 189
breath test, but fails to do so and a constable has
reasonable cause to suspect him of having alcohol in
his body ;
but a person shall not be required to provide a specimen for a
laboratory test under this subsection if the medical practitioner
in immediate charge of his case is not first notified of the
proposal to make the requirement or objects to the provision
of a specimen on the ground that its provision, the requirement
to provide it or a warning under subsection (7) below would
be prejudicial to the proper care or treatment of the patient.
( 3) A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to provide
a specimen for a laboratory test in pursuance of a requirement
imposed under this section shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4 ) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall
affect the provisions of section 7(1) of this Act.
(5) A person shall not be treated for the purposes of sub-
section (3) above as failing to provide a specimen unless-
( a) he is first requested to provide a specimen of blood,
but refuses to do so ;
( b ) he is then requested to provide two specimens of urine
within one hour of the request, but fails to provide
them within the hour or refuses at any time within
the hour to provide them ; and
( c) he is again requested to provide a specimen of blood,
but refuses to do so.
(6) The first specimen of urine provided in pursuance of a
request under subsection (5)( b) above shall be disregarded for
the purposes of section 6 of this Act.
( 7 ) A constable shall on requiring any person under this
section to provide a specimen for a laboratory test warn him
that failure to provide a specimen of blood or urine may make
him liable to imprisonment, a fine and disqualification, and, if
the constable fails to do so, the court before which that person
is charged with an offence under section 6 of this Act or this
section may direct an acquittal or dismiss the charge, as the
case may require.
In this subsection " disqualification " means disqualification
for holding or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle
granted under Part III of this Act.
PART I
10.-( 1 ) For the purposes of any proceedings for an offence Ancillary
under section 5 or 6 of this Act, a certificate purporting to be provisions
signed by an authorised analyst, and certifying- as to evidence
in proceedings
( a ) the proportion of alcohol or any drug found in a for an offence
specimen identified by the certificate, andunder s . 5 or 6.
c .20
190 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART I ( b) for the purposes only of proceedings for an offence
under the said section 5, in the case of a specimen
of urine, the proportion of alcohol or of that drug in
the blood which corresponds to the proportion found
in the specimen,
shall, subject to subsection (3) below, be evidence of the matters
so certified and of the qualification of the analyst.
( 2) For the purposes of any proceedings for an offence under
the said section 5 or 6, a certificate purporting to be signed by
a medical practitioner that he took a specimen of blood from a
person with his consent shall, subject to subsection ( 3) below,
be evidence of the matters so certified and of the qualification
of the medical practitioner .
( 3) Subsections ( 1) and (2) above shall not apply to a cer-
tificate tendered on behalf of the prosecution unless a copy has
been served on the accused not less than seven days before
the hearing or trial, nor if the accused, not less than three days
before the hearing or trial, or within such further time as the
court may in special circumstances allow, has served notice on
the prosecutor requiring the attendance at the hearing or trial
of the person by whom the certificate was signed.
Acopy of a certificate required by this subsection to be served
on the accused or of a notice required by this subsection to
be served on the prosecutor may either be personally served
on the accused or the prosecutor (as the case may be) or sent to
him by registered post or the recorded delivery service.
( 4) In any proceedings in Scotland for an offence under the
said section 5 or 6, a certificate complying with subsection (1) or
( 2) above and, where the person by whom such a certificate
was signed is called as a witness, the evidence of that person,
shall be sufficient evidence of the facts stated in the certificate.
(5) Where, in proceedings for an offence under the said
section 5 or 6 the accused, at the time a specimen of blood or
urine was taken from or provided by him, asked to be supplied
with such a specimen, evidence of the proportion of alcohol
or any drug found in the specimen shall not be admissible on
behalf of the prosecution unless-
( a) the specimen is either one of two taken or provided on
the same occasion or is part of a single specimen
which was divided into two parts at the time it was
taken or provided, and
( b) the other specimen or part was supplied to the accused.
(6) A constable requesting any person to consent to the taking
of or to provide a specimen of blood or urine for analysis
shall offer to supply to him, in a suitable container, part of
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 191
the specimen or, in the case of a specimen of blood which it is PART I
not practicable to divide, another specimen which he may
consent to have taken.
( 7) In this section " authorised analyst " means any person
possessing the qualifications prescribed by regulations made
under section 89 of the Food and Drugs Act 1955, or section 27 1955 с. 16.
of the Food and Drugs ( Scotland) Act 1956, as qualifying 1956 c. 30.
persons for appointment as public analysts under those Acts,
and any other person authorised by the Secretary of State to
make analyses for the purposes of this section.
11. Any person required to provide a specimen for a labora- Detention of
tory test under section 9(1) of this Act may thereafter be persons while
detained at the police station until he provides a specimen of affected by
breath for a breath test and it appears to a constable that the alcohol.
device by means of which the test is carried out indicates that
the proportion of alcohol in that person's blood does not exceed
the prescribed limit.
12.- ( 1 ) In sections 6 to 11 of this Act, except so far as the Interpretation
context otherwise requires-
of ss . 6 to 11 ."
" breath test means a test for the purpose of obtaining
an indication of the proportion of alcohol in a person's
blood carried out by means of a device of a type
approved for the purpose of such a test by the Secre-
tary of State, on a specimen of breath provided by
that person ;
" fail ", in relation to providing a specimen, includes refuse
and " failure " shall be construed accordingly ;
" hospital ” means an institution which provides medical
or surgical treatment for in-patients or out- patients ;
" laboratory test " means the analysis of a specimen pro-
vided for the purpose ;
" the prescribed limit " means 80 milligrammes of alcohol
in 100 millilitres of blood or such other proportion
as may be prescribed by regulations made by the
Secretary of State.
( 2) A person shall be treated for the purposes of sections 6
and 9 of this Act as providing a specimen of blood if , but only
if, he consents to the specimen being taken by a medical
practitioner and it is so taken and shall be treated for those
purposes as providing it at the time it is so taken.
(3) References in sections 8 , 9 and 11 of this Act to providing
a specimen of breath for a breath test are references to pro-
viding a specimen thereof in sufficient quantity to enable that
test to be carried out.
c. 20
192 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART I
( 4 ) For the purposes of the said section 6 and this section
107 milligrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of urine shall be
treated as equivalent to 80 milligrammes of alcohol in 100 milli-
litres of blood, and the power conferred by subsection ( 1) above
to prescribe some other proportion of alcohol in the blood shall
include power to prescribe a proportion of alcohol in urine which
is to be treated as equivalent to the prescribed proportion of
alcohol in the blood.
Person liable
13. A person liable to be charged with an offence under
tobe charged section 5, 6 or 9 of this Act shall not be liable to be charged-
with offence
under s. 5, 6
( a) under section 12 of the Licensing Act 1872, with the
or 9 not liable
offence of being drunk while in charge, on a highway
to be charged
with certain
or other public place, of a carriage, or
other offences.
(b) under section 70 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1903,
1872 с. 94.
with the offence of being drunk while in charge, in a
1903 с. 25.
street or other place, of a carriage.
Motor racing
on highways.
14. A person who promotes or takes part in a race or trial
of speed between motor vehicles on a public highway shall be
guilty of an offence.
Regulation of
motoring
events on
highways .
15.-( 1 ) A person who promotes or takes part in a competition
or trial (other than a race or trial of speed) involving the use
of motor vehicles on a public highway shall be guilty of an
offence unless the competition or trial is authorised, and is con-
ducted in accordance with any conditions imposed, by or under
regulations under this section .
( 2) The Secretary of State may by regulations authorise ,
or provide for authorising, the holding of such competitions
and trials as aforesaid , either generally, or as regards any area,
or as regards any class or description of competition or trial or
any particular competition or trial, subject to such conditions,
including conditions requiring the payment of fees, as may
be imposed by or under the regulations .
( 3) Regulations under this section may-
(a) prescribe the procedure to be followed, and the par-
ticulars to be given, in connection with applications
for authorisation under the regulations, and
(b) make different provision for different classes or descrip-
tions of competition or trial.
Restriction on
carriage of
persons on
motor cycles.
16. It shall not be lawful for more than one person in
addition to the driver to be carried on a two-wheeled motor
cycle, nor shall it be lawful for any such one person to be so
carried otherwise than sitting astride the cycle and on a proper
c . 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 193
seat securely fixed to the cycle behind the driver's seat ; and if a
PART I
person is carried on a cycle in contravention of this section. the
driver of the cycle shall be guilty of an offence.
Offences connected with riding of pedal cycles
17. If a person rides a cycle, not being a motor vehicle, on a Reckless, and
road recklessly or at a speed or in a manner which is dangerous dangerous,
to the public, having regard to all the circumstances of the case,
cycling.
including the nature, condition and use of the road and the
amount of traffic which is actually at the time, or which might
reasonably be expected to be, on the road, he shall be guilty of
an offence.
In this section " road " includes a bridleway.
18. If a person rides a cycle, not being a motor vehicle, Careless, and
on a road without due care and attention, or without reasonable inconsiderate,
consideration for other persons using the road, he shall be guilty cycling.
of an offence.
In this section " road " includes a bridleway.
19.-( 1 ) A person who, when riding a cycle, not being a motor Cycling when
vehicle, on a road or other public place, is unfit to ride through under influence
drink or drugs shall be guilty of an offence.
ofdrink or
drugs.
( 2) A person liable to be charged with an offence under this
section shall not be liable to be charged-
( a ) under section 12 of the Licensing Act 1872, with the
offence of being drunk while in charge, on a highway
or other public place , of a carriage, or
( b) under section 70 of the Licensing ( Scotland) Act 1903,
with the offence of being drunk while in charge, in a
street or other place, of a carriage.
(3) A constable may arrest without warrant a person com-
mitting an offence under this section.
( 4 ) In this section " unfit to ride through drink or drugs "
means, as regards a person riding a cycle, under the influence of
drink or a drug to such an extent as to be incapable of having
proper control of it.
( 5 ) In this section " road " includes a bridleway.
20 .-(1 ) A person who promotes or takes part in a race or Regulation of
trial of speed on a public highway between cycles, not being cycle racing
motor vehicles, shall be guilty of an offence, unless the race or on highways.
trial is authorised, and is conducted in accordance with any
conditions imposed, by or under regulations under this section.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by regulations authorise, or
provide for authorising, for the purposes of subsection (1) above,
G
c .20
194 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART I
Restriction on
carriage of
persons on
bicycles .
Drivers to
comply with
traffic
directions.
1967 с. 76.
the holding on a public highway other than a bridleway of
races or trials of speed of any class or description or a par-
ticular race or trial of speed, in such cases as may be prescribed
and subject to such conditions as may be imposed by or under
the regulations.
( 3) Regulations under this section may-
(a ) prescribe the procedure to be followed, and the particu-
lars to be given, in connection with applications for
authorisation under the regulations, and
(b) make different provision for different classes or descrip-
tions of race or trial .
( 4 ) Without prejudice to any other powers exercisable in
that behalf, the chief officer of police may give such directions
with respect to the movement of, or the route to be followed
by, vehicular traffic, during such period, as may be necessary
or expedient to prevent or mitigate congestion or obstruction
of traffic, or danger to or from traffic, in consequence of the
holding of a race or trial of speed authorised by or under
regulations under this section, including a direction that any
road or part of a road specified in the direction shall be closed
during any such period to vehicles or to vehicles of a class so
specified.
( 5) In this section " public highway " includes a bridleway
but not a footpath.
21. It shall not be lawful for more than one person to be
carried on a road on a bicycle not propelled by mechanical
power unless it is constructed or adapted for the carriage of
more than one person ; and if a person is carried on a bicycle in
contravention of this section, each of the persons carried shall
be guilty of an offence.
In this section references to a person carried on a bicycle
include references to a person riding the bicycle and the refer-
ence to a road includes a reference to a bridleway.
Offences connected with traffic generally
22.-( 1 ) Where a constable is for the time being engaged in
the regulation of traffic in a road, or where a traffic sign, being
a sign of the prescribed size, colour and type, or of another
character authorised by the Secretary of State under the pro-
visions in that behalf of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967,
has been lawfully placed on or near a road, a person driving or
propelling a vehicle who-
( a) neglects or refuses to stop the vehicle or to make it
proceed in, or keep to, a particular line of traffic when
c . 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 195
directed so to do by the constable in the execution of PART I
his duty, or
( b ) fails to comply with the indication given by the sign,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2) A traffic sign shall not be treated for the purposes of this
section as having been lawfully placed unless either-
( a) the indication given by the sign is an indication of a
statutory prohibition, restriction or requirement, or
(b) it is expressly provided by or under any provision of this
Act or of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 that 1967 c. 76.
this section shall apply to the sign or to signs of a
type of which the sign is one ;
and where the indication mentioned in paragraph (a ) of this
subsection is of the general nature only of the prohibition,
restriction or requirement to which the sign relates a person
shall not be convicted of failure to comply with the indication
unless he has failed to comply with the said prohibition, restric-
tion or requirement.
( 3) For the purposes of this section a traffic sign placed
on or near a road shall be deemed to be of the prescribed size,
colour and type, or of another character authorised as men-
tioned in subsection ( 1) above, and (subject to subsection ( 2)
above) to have been lawfully so placed, unless the contrary is
proved.
( 4 ) It shall be lawful in Scotland to convict a person of a
contravention of this section on the evidence of one witness.
23. Where a constable in uniform is for the time being Pedestrians to
engaged in the regulation of vehicular traffic in a road, a person comply with
on foot who proceeds across or along the carriageway in directions to
stop given by
contravention of a direction to stop given by the constable, in the constables
execution of his duty, either to persons on foot or to persons on regulating
foot and other traffic, shall be guilty of an offence. vehicular
traffic .
24. If a person in charge of a vehicle causes or permits Leaving vehicles in
the vehicle or a trailer drawn thereby to remain at rest on a
road in such a position or in such condition or in such circum- dangerous
positions.
stances as to be likely to cause danger to other persons using
the road, he shall be guilty of an offence.
Accidents
25.-(1 ) If in any case, owing to the presence of a motor Duty to stop,
vehicle on a road, an accident occurs whereby personal injury and furnish
is caused to a person other than the driver of that motor vehicle particulars,
incase of
or damage is caused to a vehicle other than that motor vehicle accident.
G2
c . 20
196 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART I General
provisions as
toaccident
inquiries.
Special
provisions as
to accident
inquiries in
Greater
London.
or a trailer drawn thereby or to an animal other than an animal
in or on that motor vehicle or a trailer drawn thereby, the driver
of the motor vehicle shall stop and, if required so to do by any
person having reasonable grounds for so requiring, give his name
and address, and also the name and address of the owner and
the identification marks of the vehicle .
( 2 ) If in the case of any such accident as aforesaid the
driver of the motor vehicle for any reason does not give his
name and address to any such person as aforesaid, he shall
report the accident at a police station or to a constable as soon
as reasonably practicable, and in any case within twenty-four
hours of the occurrence thereof.
( 3 ) In this section " animal "
means any horse, cattle, ass,
mule, sheep, pig, goat or dog.
( 4 ) A person who fails to comply with this section shall
be guilty of an offence.
26.-( 1 ) Where an accident arises out of the presence of a
motor vehicle on a road, the Secretary of State may direct
inquiry to be made into the cause of the accident.
(2 ) Where any such accident has occurred, a person autho-
rised by the Secretary of State in that behalf may, on pro-
duction if so required of his authority, inspect any vehicle in
connection with which the accident arose, and for that purpose
may enter at any reasonable time any premises where the vehicle
is ; and if a person obstructs a person so authorised in the
performance of his duty under this subsection, he shall be guilty
of an offence.
(3) If in any case the Secretary of State considers that an
inquiry to be made by him under this section should be made
by means of the holding of a public inquiry, he may direct a
public inquiry to be held.
( 4) A report made by or to the Secretary of State as the
result of an inquiry under this section shall not be used in
evidence by or on behalf of a person by or against whom any
legal proceedings are instituted in consequence of the accident
to which the inquiry relates.
27.-( 1 ) Where, owing to the presence of a vehicle on a road,
an accident occurs within Greater London and it appears to
the Secretary of State that the sole or a contributory cause of the
accident was-
( a ) the nature or character of the road or of the road
surface, or
c . 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 197
( b) a defect in the design or construction of the vehicle or
in the materials used in the construction of the road
or vehicle,
he may, if he thinks fit , cause an inquiry to be held into the
cause of the accident.
( 2 ) In this section " road " includes a highway and a bridge
carrying a highway and any lane, mews, footway, square, court,
alley or passage whether a thoroughfare or not.
PART I
28.- (1) Where an accident occurs within Greater London Inquests on
resulting in the death of a person, and it is alleged that the road deaths
inGreater
accident was due to-
London.
(a ) the nature or character of a road or road surface, or
(b) a defect in the design or construction of a vehicle or
in the materials used in the construction of a road or
vehicle,
the coroner holding inquiry into the cause of death shall
send to the Secretary of State, or to such officer of his as the
Secretary of State may direct, notice in writing of the time and
place of holding the inquest, and of the adjourned inquest ; and
an officer appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose
shall be at liberty at any such inquest to examine any witness,
subject nevertheless to the power of the coroner to disallow
any question which in his opinion is not relevant or is otherwise
not a proper question .
( 2 ) In this section " road " has the same meaning as in section
27 of this Act.
Ancillary provisions for preventing, or mitigating
effects of, accidents
29. If, while a motor vehicle is on a road or on a parking Penalisation
place provided by a local authority, a person otherwise than with of tampering
lawful authority or reasonable cause gets on to the vehicle or with motor
tampers with the brake or other part of its mechanism, he shall vehicles.
be guilty of an offence.
30.-( 1 ) If a person otherwise than with lawful authority or Penalisation
reasonable cause takes or retains hold of, or gets on to, a motor of holding
vehicle or trailer while in motion on a road, for the purpose of or getting on
being carried, he shall be guilty of an offence.
to vehicle in
order to be
(2) If a person takes or retains hold of a motor vehicle or
towed or
trailer while in motion on a road for the purpose of being drawn
carried .
he shall be guilty of an offence.
G3
c.20
198 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART I
31.-(1 ) A person who causes or permits a dog to be on a
Control of
designated road without the dog being held on a lead shall be
dogs on roads. guilty of an offence.
( 2) In this section " designated road " means a length of road
specified by an order in that behalf of the local authority in whose
area the length of road is situated; and the powers which under
this subsection are exercisable by a local authority in England or
Wales shall, in the case of a road part of the width of which
is in the area of one local authority and part in the area of
another, be exercisable by either authority with the consent of
the other.
( 3) An order under this section may provide that subsection ( 1 )
above shall apply subject to such limitations or exceptions as may
be specified in the order, and (without prejudice to the generality
of this subsection) subsection ( 1) above shall not apply to dogs
proved to be kept for driving or tending sheep or cattle in the
course of a trade or business, or to have been at the material
time in use under proper control for sporting purposes .
( 4) An order under this section shall not be made except after
consultation with the chief officer of police.
( 5) The Secretary of State may make regulations prescrib-
ing the procedure to be followed in connection with the making
of orders under this section and requiring the authority making
such an order to publish in such manner as may be prescribed
by the regulations notice of the making and effect of the order.
( 6 ) In England or Wales a local authority may institute pro-
ceedings for an offence under this section relating to a road in
their area.
"
( 7) In this section " local authority means the council of a
county borough or county district, the Common Council of the
City of London or the council of a London borough, or in
Scotland a county council or a town council .
(8) The power conferred by this section to make an order shall
include power, exercisable in like manner and subject to the
like provisions, to vary or revoke it .
Wearing of
32.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations requir-
protective headgear.
ing, subject to such exceptions as may be specified in the regula-
tions, persons driving or riding ( otherwise than in side- cars) on
motor cycles of any class specified in the regulations to wear
protective headgear of such description as may be so specified.
(2 ) Regulations under this section may make different pro-
vision in relation to different circumstances .
c.20
Road Traffic Act 1972 199
( 3) Any person who drives or rides on a motor cycle in contravention of regulations under this section shall be guilty
of an offence.
PART I
33.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations prescrib- Protective
ing ( by reference to shape, construction or any other quality ) helmets for
types of helmet recommended as affording protection to persons motor cyclists.
on or in motor cycles, or motor cycles of different classes, from
injury in the event of accident.
( 2) If a person sells, or offers for sale, a helmet as a helmet
for affording protection as aforesaid, and the helmet is neither-
( a) of a type prescribed under this section, nor
( b) of a type authorised under regulations made under this
section and sold or offered for sale subject to any condi-
tions specified in the authorisation,
he shall, subject to subsection ( 3) below, be guilty of an offence .
( 3) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under this
section in respect of the sale or offer for sale of a helmet if he
proves that it was sold or, as the case may be, offered for sale
for export from Great Britain.
( 4 ) In England or Wales the council of a county, of a
borough or of an urban district, the Greater London Council
or the Common Council of the City of London may institute
proceedings for an offence under this section.
(5) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect
in relation to contraventions of this section .
( 6 ) In this section and in the said Schedule " helmet "
includes any head- dress, and references in this section to selling
or offering for sale include respectively references to letting on
hire and offering to let on hire.
Manning of locomotives and trailers
34 .- (1) In the case of heavy locomotives and light loco- Requirements
motives, two persons shall be employed in driving or attending as to employ-
the locomotive whilst being driven on a highway, and where any ment of
persons to
such locomotive is drawing a trailer or trailers on a highway attendto
one or more persons, in addition to the persons employed as locomotives
aforesaid, shall be employed for the purpose of attending to and trailers.
the trailer or trailers at the rate of one such additional person
for each trailer in excess of one :
Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a road roller
while engaged in rolling a road.
( 2) Where a motor vehicle other than a heavy locomotive
or a light locomotive is drawing a trailer or trailers on a
G4
200 Road Traffic Act 1972
c.20
PART I
highway, one person, in addition to the driver of the vehicle,
shall be carried either on the vehicle or on a trailer for the
purpose of attending to the trailer or trailers .
( 3) For the purposes of this section " trailer " does not include
a vehicle used solely for carrying water for the purposes of the
drawing vehicle or an agricultural vehicle not constructed to carry
aload.
( 4 ) If a person causes or permits a motor vehicle or trailer
to be driven or drawn in contravention of this section, he shall
be guilty of an offence.
( 5) The Secretary of State may by regulations vary the require-
ments of this section in respect of any class of motor vehicles or
any class of trailers, and regulations made under this subsection
with respect to a class of vehicles may make different provision
in different circumstances.
Restrictions on use of motor vehicles off roadway
Control of
35.-( 1 ) No person shall promote or take part in a trial of
use of
any description between motor vehicles on a footpath or bridle-
footpaths and bridleways
way unless the holding of the trial has been authorised under this
for motor
section by the local authority.
vehicle trials .
(2) A local authority shall not give an authorisation under this
section unless satisfied that consent in writing to the use of any
length of footpath or bridleway for the purposes of the trial has
been given by the owner and by the occupier of the land over
which that length of footpath or bridleway runs, and any such
authorisation may be given subject to compliance with such
conditions as the authority think fit .
(3) A person who contravenes subsection ( 1) above, or fails
to comply with any conditions subject to which an authorisation
under this section has been granted, shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4) No statutory provision prohibiting or restricting the use
of footpaths or bridleways or a specified footpath or bridleway
shall affect the holding of a trial authorised under this section ;
but this section shall not prejudice any right or remedy of a
person as having an interest in any land.
(5 ) In this section " local authority " -
( a) as respects England and Wales, means the council of
a county or county borough, except that in relation
to a footpath or bridleway for which the council of a
borough, not being a county borough, or of an urban
district is the highway authority, the said expression
means that council ;
c.20
Road Traffic Act 1972 201
( b) as respects Scotland, means a county council or town council ;
and in this subsection " county borough " includes a London
borough.
PART I
36.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, if without Prohibition
lawful authority a person drives a motor vehicle on to or upon of driving motor vehicles
anycommon land, moorland or other land of whatsoever descrip- elsewhere
tion, not being land forming part of a road, or on any road than on roads.
being a footpath or bridleway, he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2 ) It shall not be an offence under this section to drive a
motor vehicle on any land within fifteen yards of a road, being
a road on which a motor vehicle may lawfully be driven, for
the purpose only of parking the vehicle on that land.
(3) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under this
section with respect to a vehicle if he proves to the satisfaction
of the court that it was driven in contravention of this section
for the purpose of saving life or extinguishing fire or meeting
any other like emergency.
( 4 ) It is hereby declared that nothing in this section prejudices
the operation of section 193 of the Law of Property Act 1925
( which relates to the rights of the public over commons and
waste lands) , or of any byelaws applying to any land or affects
the law of trespass to land or any right or remedy to which a
person may by law be entitled in respect of any such trespass
or in particular confers a right to park a vehicle on any land.
Road safety information and road training
37.-(1 ) The Highway Code shall continue to have effect The Highway
subject however to revision in accordance with subsection ( 2) Code.
below.
( 2) The Secretary of State may from time to time revise the
Highway Code by revoking, varying, amending or adding to the
provisions thereof in such manner as he thinks fit.
( 3) Any alterations proposed to be made in the provisions
of the Highway Code on a revision thereof shall, as soon as
prepared by the Secretary of State, be laid before both Houses
of Parliament, and the revised Code shall not be issued until
the proposed alterations have been approved by both Houses.
( 4 ) Subject to subsection (3) above, the Secretary of State shall
cause the Highway Code and every revised edition thereof to be
printed and may cause copies thereof to be sold to the public
at such price as he may determine.
c . 20
202 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART I
1960 с. 16.
1967 с. 76.
1930 с. 43.
( 5) A failure on the part of a person to observe a provision
of the Highway Code shall not of itself render that person liable
to criminal proceedings of any kind, but any such failure may in
any proceedings ( whether civil or criminal, and including pro-
ceedings for an offence under this Act, the Road Traffic Act
1960 or the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967) be relied upon
by any party to the proceedings as tending to establish or to
negative any liability which is in question in those proceedings.
( 6 ) In this section " the Highway Code " means the code
comprising directions for the guidance of persons using roads
issued and revised under section 45 of the Road Traffic Act
1930 or section 74 of the Road Traffic Act 1960.
Powers of
Secretary of
State and
local
38.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may, with the approval of the
Treasury, provide for promoting road safety by disseminating
information or advice relating to the use of roads .
authorities
as to giving
( 2) A local authority shall have power to make arrangements
road safety information
for the purposes of subsection (1) above or for giving practical
training to road users or any class or description of road users,
and training.
and to make contributions towards the cost of arrangements for
the like purposes made by other authorities or bodies.
(3) Where, not less than two months before the beginning
of a financial year, the Secretary of State on an examination of
arrangements proposed to be made under subsection ( 2) above
by a local authority in England or Wales, being the council of
a non-county borough or urban district, is satisfied that arrange-
ments so made are likely to be effective and notifies the local
authority that he is so satisfied, then, from the beginning of that
year until a notification by the Secretary of State to the local
authority that he is no longer so satisfied takes effect, the ex-
penditure of the county council in respect of the cost of arrange-
ments or of contributions, made by the county council under
subsection (2) above shall not be chargeable on the area of the
first-mentioned authority.
A notification by the Secretary of State that he is no longer
satisfied as aforesaid shall take effect at the end of the financial
year in which it is given or, if it is given during the last two
months of a financial year, at the end of the next following
financial year.
( 4) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect
for authorising the payment of travelling and other allowances
in connection with arrangements made by a local authority under
subsection (2) above.
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 203
( 5 ) In this section " local authority " means-
( a) as respects England and Wales, the council of a
county, a borough or an urban district, or the Greater
London Council, or the Common Council of the City of
London :
( b) as respects Scotland, a county council or town council.
( 6 ) Any expenses incurred under this section by the Secretary
of State shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parlia-
ment.
PART I
39. The Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Powers of
Secretary of
Treasury, make out of moneys provided by Parliament con- State to
tributions towards the cost of any such arrangements as are subsidise
mentioned in section 38( 2) of this Act, being arrangements made bodies other
by authorities or bodies other than local authorities within the than local
meaning of that section.
authorities
for giving
road safety
information
and training.
PART II
CONSTRUCTION AND USE OF VEHICLES AND EQUIPMENT
General provisions
40.-( 1) The Secretary of State may make regulations generally Regulation of
as to the use of motor vehicles and trailers on roads, their construction,
construction and equipment and the conditions under which weight , equipment
they may be so used, and in particular, but without prejudice and use of
to the generality of the foregoing provisions, may make regula- vehicles .
tions with respect to any of the following matters : -
( a ) the width, height and length of motor vehicles and
trailers and the load carried thereby, the diameter of
wheels, and the width, nature and condition of tyres,
of motor vehicles and trailers ;
( b) the emission or consumption of smoke, fumes or vapour
and the emission of sparks, ashes and grit ;
(c ) noise ;
( d ) the maximum weight unladen of heavy locomotives
and heavy motor cars, and the maximum weight laden
of motor vehicles and trailers, and the maximum weight
to be transmitted to the road or any specified area
thereof by a motor vehicle or trailer of any class or by
any part or parts of such a vehicle or trailer in contact
with the road, and the conditions under which the
weights may be required to be tested ;
(e) the particulars to be marked on motor vehicles and
trailers ;
c.20
204 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II ( f) the towing of or drawing of vehicles by motor vehicles ;
( g) the number and nature of brakes, and for securing
that brakes, silencers and steering gear shall be efficient
and kept in proper working order ;
( h ) the testing and inspection, by persons authorised by
or under the regulations, of the brakes, silencers,
steering gear, tyres, lighting equipment and reflectors
of motor vehicles and trailers on any premises where
they are, subject however to the consent of the owner
of the premises ;
(i ) the appliances to be fitted for signalling the approach
of a motor vehicle, or enabling the driver of a motor
vehicle to become aware of the approach of another
vehicle from the rear, or for intimating any intended
change of speed or direction of a motor vehicle, and
the use of any such appliance, and for securing that
they shall be efficient and kept in proper working
order ;
( 1 ) for prohibiting the use of appliances fitted to motor
vehicles for signalling their approach, being appliances
for signalling by sound, at any times, or on or in any
roads or localities, specified in the regulations.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing
provisions, the Secretary of State may, as respects goods vehicles,
make regulations under this section-
( a ) prescribing other descriptions of weight which are not
to be exceeded in the case of such vehicles ;
( b) providing for the marking on such vehicles of weights
of any description or other particulars by means of
plates (of any material) fixed thereto ;
( c) providing for the circumstances in which any particulars
which are to be marked on such vehicles are to be
so marked ;
(d ) providing that weights of any description or other
particulars which are to be marked on particular goods
vehicles may be determined in accordance with regu-
lations under section 45 of this Act.
(3) Different regulations may be made under this section
as respects different classes of vehicles or as respects the same
class of vehicles in different circumstances and as respects
different times of the day or night and as respects roads in
different localities.
( 4) In framing regulations under this section prescribing a
weight of any description which is not to be exceeded in the
c . 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 205
case of goods vehicles of a class for which a manufacturer's
certificate or Minister's approval certificate may be issued under
section 47 of this Act the Secretary of State shall have regard
to the design weight of the like description determined by virtue
of the said section 47 for vehicles of that class and shall secure
that the first -mentioned weight shall not exceed the design
weight.
( 5 ) Subject to the provisions of this section and sections 41
and 42 of this Act, a person-
( a ) who contravenes or fails to comply with any regulations
under this section ; or
(b) who uses on a road a motor vehicle or trailer which
does not comply with any such regulations or causes or
permits a vehicle to be so used,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 6 ) In any proceedings for an offence under subsection (5)
above in which there is alleged a contravention of or failure
to comply with a construction and use requirement relating to
any description of weight applicable to a goods vehicle, it
shall be a defence to prove either-
( a ) that at the time when the vehicle was being used on
the road it was proceeding to a weighbridge which was
the nearest available one to the place where the load-
ing of the vehicle was completed for the purpose of
being weighed, or was proceeding from a weighbridge
after being weighed to the nearest point at which it
was reasonably practicable to reduce the weight to
the relevant limit, without causing an obstruction on
any road ; or
( b) in a case where the limit of that weight was not ex-
ceeded by more than five per cent. , that that limit was
not exceeded at the time the loading of the vehicle
was originally completed and that since that time no
person has made any addition to the load.
( 7) In this Part of this Act-
"
" construction and use requirements means requirements,
whether applicable generally or at specified times or
in specified circumstances, imposed under this section
or by or under sections 68 to 79 of this Act ;
"plated particulars " means such particulars as are required
to be marked on a goods vehicle in pursuance of regu-
lations under this section by means of a plate ;
" plated weights " means such weights as are required to
be so marked.
PART II
c . 20
206 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
41.-(1 ) Subject to subsections (2) to ( 4) below, where any
Temporary exemption
regulations under section 40 of this Act contain provisions vary-
from
ing the requirements as regards the construction or weight of
application
any class of vehicles, provision shall be made by the regulations
ofregulations for exempting for such period, not being less than five years, as
under s. 40.
may be specified therein from the provisions aforesaid any
1971 с. 10.
vehicle of that class registered under the Vehicles ( Excise) Act
1971 before the expiration of one year from the making of the
regulations.
( 2) No such provision contained in regulations under the said
section 40 as imposes or varies requirements with respect to the
braking systems with which motor vehicles must be equipped
shall be taken, for the purposes of subsection (1 ) above or of
any other provision of the regulations, to be one relating to the
construction of vehicles.
( 3) Where regulations under the said section 40 contain provi-
sions varying the requirements as regards the construction or
weight of any class of vehicle, and the Secretary of State is
satisfied-
(a ) that it is requisite that those provisions shall apply at a
date specified in the regulations to vehicles registered
before the expiration of one year from the making of
the regulations, or to such of them as are specified
in the regulations, and
(b) that, notwithstanding that those provisions will then
apply to those vehicles, no undue hardship or incon-
venience will be caused thereby,
then, if the regulations state that the Secretary of State is so
satisfied, subsection (1) above shall not apply in relation to the
said provisions.
( 4) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply in relation to regula-
tions made with respect to any description of weight of goods
vehicles, other than their maximum unladen weight, or in rela-
tion to regulations made by virtue of subsection ( 2) of the said
section 40.
Authorisation
ofuseon
roads of
special vehicles not
complying with
regulations under s. 40.
42.- (1) The Secretary of State may by order authorise, sub-
ject to such restrictions and conditions as may be specified by
or under the order, the use on roads-
( a) of special motor vehicles or trailers, or special types of
motor vehicles or trailers, which are constructed either
for special purposes or for tests or trials,
(b) of vehicles or trailers, or types of vehicles or trailers,
constructed for use outside the United Kingdom,
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 207
( c ) of new or improved types of motor vehicles or trailers,
PART II
whether wheeled or wheelless, or of motor vehicles or
trailers equipped with new or improved equipment or
types of equipment , and
( d ) of vehicles or trailers carrying loads of exceptional
dimensions ;
and nothing in section 40 of this Act shall prevent the use of
such vehicles, trailers, or types as aforesaid in accordance with
the order.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by order make provision for
securing that, subject to such restrictions and conditions as may
be specified by or under the order, regulations under the said
section 40 shall have effect in their application to such vehicles,
trailers and types thereof as are mentioned in subsection (1)
above subject to such modifications or exceptions as may be
specified in the order.
( 3) Any order under this section may be varied or revoked by
a subsequent order of the Secretary of State.
( 4) The powers conferred by this section on the Secretary of
State to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument
except in the case of orders applying only to specified vehicles
or to vehicles of specified persons .
43.-( 1 ) The provisions of this section and of sections 44 and Tests of
52( 1 ) of this Act shall have effect in relation to motor vehicles satisfactory
other than goods vehicles which are required by regulations condition of
vehicles other
under section 45 of this Act to be submitted for agoods vehicle than goods
test under that section and for the purpose of ascertaining vehicles to
whether the prescribed statutory requirements relating to the which s . 45
construction and condition of motor vehicles or their accessories applies.
or equipment are complied with.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision
for the examination of vehicles submitted for examination under
this section and for the issue, where it is found on such an ex-
amination that the said requirements are complied with, of a
certificate ( hereafter in this Act referred to as a " test certificate ")
that at the date of the examination the requirements were com-
plied with in relation to the vehicle.
( 3) Examinations for the purposes of this section shall be
carried out by persons, not being officers of the Secretary of
State, authorised for those purposes by the Secretary of State
( in this section referred to as " authorised examiners "), by
inspectors appointed by the Secretary of State, or by inspectors
appointed by any council designated by the Secretary of State
for the purposes of this section, being the council of a county,
c. 20
208 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II of a borough, of an urban district or of a large burgh ( within
the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947),
the Greater London Council, or the Common Council of the
City of London.
( 4) Where a test certificate is refused, the examiner or inspector
shall issue a notification of the refusal stating the grounds
thereof , and a person aggrieved by the refusal or the grounds
thereof may appeal to the Secretary of State ; and on any such
appeal the Secretary of State shall cause a further examination
to be made and either issue a test certificate or issue such a
notification as aforesaid.
( 5) For the purposes of their functions under this section the
Secretary of State or a council designated for the purposes of
this section may provide and maintain-
( a ) stations where examinations under this section may be
carried out, and
( b ) apparatus for carrying out such examinations .
( 6) The Secretary of State may make regulations for the pur-
pose of giving effect to the foregoing provisions of this section
and for prescribing anything authorised by this section to be
prescribed, and in particular as to-
( a ) the authorisation of examiners, the imposition of con-
ditions to be complied with by authorised examiners
and the withdrawal of authorisations ;
(b) the manner in which, conditions under which and
apparatus with which examinations are carried out,
the maintenance of that apparatus in an efficient state,
and the inspection of premises at which and apparatus
with which examinations are being, or are to be,
carried out ;
( c) the manner in which applications may be made for the
examination of vehicles under this section, the man-
ner in which and time within which appeals may be
brought under subsection ( 4) above, the information
to be supplied and documents to be produced on such
an application, examination or appeal, the fees to
be paid on such an application or appeal, and the
repayment of the whole or part of the fee paid on
such an appeal where it appears to the Secretary of
State that there were substantial grounds for contesting
the whole or part of the decision appealed against ;
(d ) the form of, and particulars to be contained in, test
certificates and notifications of the refusal thereof, and
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 209
the supply by the Secretary of State of forms for such certificates and notifications and the charges to be made
for the supply thereof ;
( e ) the issue of duplicates of test certificates lost or defaced
and the fee to be paid for the issue thereof ;
( f ) the issue of copies of test certificates and the fee to be
paid for the issue thereof ;
( g) the keeping by designated councils and authorised
examiners of registers of test certificates in the pre-
scribed form and containing the prescribed particulars,
and the inspection of such registers by such persons and
in such circumstances as may be prescribed ;
( h) the keeping of records by designated councils and
authorised examiners and the furnishing by them of
returns and information to the Secretary of State ;
and regulations under this section may make different provision
in relation to different cases or classes of cases.
PART II
44.-(1) A person who uses on a road at any time, or causes Obligatory test
or permits to be so used, a motor vehicle to which this section certificates for
applies, and as respects which no test certificate has been issued vehicles other
thangoods
within the appropriate period before the said time, shall be vehicles to
guilty of an offence.
which s. 45
applies.
( 2) Subject to section 43(1) of this Act and to subsection (4)
below, the motor vehicles to which this section applies at any
time are-
( a ) those first registered under the Vehicles ( Excise) Act 1971 c. 10.
1971 , the Vehicles ( Excise) Act 1962, the Vehicles 1962 c. 13.
( Excise) Act 1949 or the Roads Act 1920, not less than 1949 c. 89.
ten years before that time, and 1920 с. 72.
( b) those which, having a date of manufacture not less than
the specified period before that time, have been used on
roads ( whether in Great Britain or elsewhere) before
being registered under the Vehicles ( Excise) Act 1971
or the Vehicles ( Excise) Act 1962.
( 3) For the purposes of paragraph (b) above there shall be
disregarded the use of a vehicle-
( a) before it is sold or supplied by retail ; or
( b) before it is registered by the Secretary of State under
paragraph (b) of section 19( 1) of the Vehicles ( Excise)
Act 1971 (registration when Secretary of State receives
from a motor dealer particulars of a vehicle to which
the dealer has assigned a mark under section 20
thereof ) and after a mark is so assigned to it.
c. 20
210 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
1960 с. 16.
( 4 ) This section shall not apply to public service vehicles
( within the meaning of Part III of the Road Traffic Act 1960)
adapted to carry eight or more passengers or to vehicles of such
classes as may be prescribed.
(5) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory
instrument direct that subsection (2) (a) above shall have effect
with the substitution, for ten years, of such shorter period as
may be specified in the order.
An order under this subsection shall not have effect unless
approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.
( 6) The Secretary of State may by regulations exempt from
subsection ( 1) above the use of vehicles for such purposes as
may be prescribed.
( 7) The Secretary of State may by regulations exempt from
subsection ( 1 ) above the use of vehicles in any such area as
may be prescribed.
(8) For the purpose of spreading the work of issuing certifi-
cates in contemplation of a change in the length of the period
specified under subsection ( 5) above or of the appropriate
period (and whether for purposes of this section or section 52
of this Act), the order or, as the case may be, regulations
changing the length of that period may be made so as to come
into operation on different days as respects vehicles first regi-
stered under any of the enactments mentioned in subsection
( 2 ) above at different times.
(9) Where within the appropriate period after a test certificate
is issued or treated for the purposes of this section as issued, but
not earlier than one month before the end of that period, a
further test certificate is issued as respects the same vehicle, the
further certificate shall be treated for the purposes of this section
as if issued at the end of the said appropriate period.
( 10) Where the particulars contained in a test certificate in
accordance with regulations made under section 43(6) of this
Act include a date of expiry falling later, but not more than
one month later, than the end of the appropriate period after the
date on which it is issued, the certificate shall be deemed to
have been issued in respect of the same vehicle as an earlier
test certificate and the date on which it was issued shall be
deemed to have been a date falling within the last month of the
appropriate period after the date on which that earlier certificate
was issued or treated for the purposes of this section as issued ;
and any date of expiry contained in a test certificate shall be
deemed to have been entered in accordance with such regulations
unless the contrary is proved.
( 11) For the purposes of this section the date of manufacture
of a vehicle shall be taken to be the last day of the year during
c . 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 211
which its final assembly is completed, except where after that
day modifications are made to the vehicle before it is sold or
supplied by retail, and in the said excepted case shall be taken
to be the last day of the year during which the modifications
are completed.
(12) Any power conferred by this section to make an order
shall include power, exercisable in like manner and subject
to the like provisions, to vary or revoke the order.
(13) In this section-
" appropriate period " means a period of twelve months
or such shorter period as may be prescribed ;
" specified period " means a period of ten years or such
shorter period as may be specified in an order under
subsection (5 ) above.
PART II
45.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations make Tests of
provision for the examination of goods vehicles of any prescribed satisfactory
class for the purpose of selecting or otherwise determining plated condition of
certain classes
weights or other plated particulars for goods vehicles of that class ofgoods
or for the purpose of ascertaining whether any prescribed con- vehicles and
struction and use requirements ( whether relating to plated par- determination
ticulars or not ) are complied with in the case of goods vehicles ofplated
of that class, or for both purposes, and in particular- weights and
other
particulars
( a) for the determination, according to criteria or by therefor.
methods prescribed by or determined under the regula-
tions, of the plated particulars for a goods vehicle
( including its plated weights), on an examination of the
vehicle for the purpose, and for the issue on such
an examination, except as provided by regulations
made by virtue of paragraph ( c) of this subsection, of a
certificate ( hereafter in this Act referred to as a
" plating certificate " ) specifying those particulars ;
(b) for the issue, for a goods vehicle which has been found
on examination for the purpose to comply with the
prescribed construction and use requirements, of a
certificate (hereafter in this Act referred to as a " goods
vehicle test certificate ") stating that the vehicle has
been found so to comply ; and
( c ) for the refusal of a goods vehicle test certificate for a
goods vehicle which is so found not to comply with
those requirements and for requiring a written notifica-
tion to be given of any such refusal and of the grounds
c. 20
212 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II of the refusal, and for the refusal of a plating certificate
where a goods vehicle test certificate is refused.
References in the foregoing provisions of this subsection to
construction and use requirements shall be construed, in relation
to an examination of a vehicle solely for the purpose of ascertain-
ing whether it complies with any such requirements, as refer-
ences to such of those requirements as are applicable to the
vehicle at the time of the test and, in relation to an examination
of a vehicle both for that purpose and for the purpose of deter-
mining its plated particulars, as references to such of those
requirements as will be applicable to the vehicle if a plating
certificate is issued for it.
( 2) In the following provisions of this Part of this Act-
" examination for plating " means an examination under
regulations under this section for the purpose of deter-
mining plated particulars for a goods vehicle ; and
" goods vehicle test " means an examination under any
such regulations for the purpose of ascertaining whether
any prescribed construction and use requirements are
complied with in the case of a goods vehicle.
( 3) Any person aggrieved by a determination made on an
examination under the regulations by the person in charge of
the examination may appeal to an area mechanical engineer
appointed by the Secretary of State to act for the traffic area in
which the original examination was made, and on the appeal
the area mechanical engineer shall cause the vehicle to be re-
examined and make such determination in the matter as he
thinks fit.
( 4 ) A person aggrieved by the determination of an area
mechanical engineer under subsection (3) above may appeal to
the Secretary of State and on the appeal the Secretary of State
shall cause the vehicle to be re-examined by an officer appointed
by him for the purpose and shall make such determination on
the basis of the re-examination as he thinks fit.
( 5) Regulations under this section may make the like provision
in relation to a determination on an appeal under subsection (3)
or (4) above as they make in relation to a determination on an
examination under the regulations .
( 6) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1) above,
regulations under this section may-
( a) require or authorise goods vehicles to which the regula-
tions apply to be submitted for examination under the
regulations and, in particular-
(i) require any such vehicle to be submitted for
a goods vehicle test at periodic intervals ; and
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 213
(ii) require or authorise any such vehicle to be
submitted for re- examination on the making of any
prescribed alteration to it or its equipment and, for
the purpose of determining whether any such re-
examination is necessary, require any such alteration
to be notified to the Secretary of State ;
( b) authorise any examination under the regulations to be
carried out by or under the direction of a goods vehicle
examiner ;
( c) prescribe the conditions subject to which vehicles will
be accepted for such examination and, without pre-
judice to the foregoing-
(i) authorise any person by whom an examination
of the vehicle under the regulations or subsections
( 3) and ( 4) above is carried out to drive the vehicle,
whether on a road or elsewhere ; and
(ii) require that a driver of a vehicle examined
thereunder is, except so far as permitted to be absent
by the person carrying out the examination, present
throughout the whole of the examination and drives
the vehicle when directed to do so, and operates the
controls in accordance with any directions given to
him, by that person ;
( d ) require the plating certificate for any vehicle to which
the regulations apply to specify any alteration to the
vehicle or its equipment which is required by the
regulations to be notified to the Secretary of State ;
(e) authorise the amendment of a plating certificate or the
issue of a different plating certificate on the re-examina-
tion of any vehicle ;
( f ) provide for the period of validity of goods vehicle test
certificates ;
( g ) specify the manner in which, and the time before or
within which, applications may be made for the exami-
nation of vehicles under the regulations or appeals may
be brought under subsection (3) or ( 4) above, and the
information to be supplied and documents to be pro-
duced on any such application, examination or appeal ;
( h) make provision as to the fees to be paid on any such
application or appeal and as to the repayment of the
whole or part of any fee paid on such an appeal
where it appears to the Secretary of State that there
were substantial grounds for contesting the whole or
part of the determination appealed from ;
(i ) make provision as to the form of, and particulars to be
contained in, plating certificates and goods vehicle
PART II
c . 20
214 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
Obligatory test
certificates
for goods
vehicles to
which s. 45
applies.
test certificates and notifications of the refusal of the
latter certificates ;
( j ) provide for the issue of replacements for plates marked
with plated particulars, plating certificates and goods
vehicle test certificates which have been lost or defaced
and for the payment of a fee for their issue ;
( k) exempt prescribed classes of vehicles from all or any
of the provisions of the regulations either generally
or in prescribed circumstances ;
( 1 ) make different provision for different cases.
( 7 ) Regulations under this section may provide that a person
who contravenes or fails to comply with a requirement of regula-
tions imposed by virtue of subsection (6)(c) (ii) thereof shall be
guilty of an offence.
( 8) Without prejudice to any regulations made by virtue of
subsection (6)(c) above, the Secretary of State may give direc-
tions with respect to the manner in which examinations under
regulations under this section or under subsection (3) or ( 4)
above are to be carried out.
( 9) The Secretary of State may provide and maintain stations
where examinations of goods vehicles under regulations under
this section or under subsection (3) or ( 4) above may be carried
out and may provide and maintain the apparatus for carrying
out such examinations.
(10 ) In this section " goods vehicle examiner " has the same
meaning as in section 56( 1) of this Act and any reference to
the driving of a vehicle is, in relation to a trailer, a reference
to the driving of the vehicle by which the trailer is drawn.
46.- (1) If any person at any time on or after the relevant
date uses on a road, or causes or permits to be so used, a goods
vehicle of a class required by regulations under section 45 of
this Act to have been submitted for examination for plating
and at that time there is no plating certificate in force for the
vehicle, he shall be guilty of an offence.
In this subsection " relevant date ", in relation to any goods
vehicle , means the date by which it is so required to be
submitted for examination for plating.
( 2) If any person at any time on or after the relevant date
uses on a road, or causes or permits to be so used, a goods
vehicle of a class required by regulations under the said section
45 to have been submitted for a goods vehicle test and at that
time there is no goods vehicle test certificate in force for the
vehicle, he shall be guilty of an offence.
In this subsection " relevant date", in relation to any goods
vehicle, means the date by which it is so required to be submitted
for its first goods vehicle test.
i
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 215
( 3) Any person who uses on a road, or causes or permits
PART II
to be so used, a goods vehicle when an alteration has been made
to the vehicle or its equipment which is required by regulations
under the said section 45 to be, but has not been, notified to
the Secretary of State shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4) In any proceedings for an offence under subsection (3)
above, it shall be a defence to prove that the alteration was not
specified in the relevant plating certificate in accordance with
regulations under the said section 45.
(5) The Secretary of State may by regulations-
( a ) exempt from all or any of the foregoing provisions of
this section the use of goods vehicles for such purposes
or in such an area as may be prescribed ; and
( b) make provision for the issue in respect of a vehicle in
such circumstances as may be prescribed of a certificate
of temporary exemption exempting that vehicle from
the provisions of subsection ( 1) or (2) above for such
period as may be specified in the certificate.
47.-(1 ) Without prejudice to section 40 of this Act, the Secre- Approval of
tary of State may by regulations prescribe requirements (herein- design,
after in this Part of this Act referred to as “ type approval construction ,
etc. , of goods
requirements ") with respect to the design, construction, equip- vehicles .
ment and marking of goods vehicles of any class, being require-
ments which are applicable before, whether or not they are
applicable after, vehicles of that class are used on a road.
( 2) Regulations under this section may provide for the
determination, according to criteria or by methods prescribed
by or determined under the regulations, of weights of any
description which in the opinion of the Secretary of State should
not be exceeded in the case of goods vehicles of any class.
( 3) In this Part of this Act-
( a ) references to design weights shall be construed as
references to weights determined by virtue of subsection
( 2 ) above ; and
( b) " the relevant aspects of design, construction, equipment
and marking " , in relation to any vehicle, means those
aspects of design, construction, equipment and marking
which are subject to the type approval requirements or
which were used as criteria in determining design
weights for that vehicle.
(4 ) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied on application
made to him by the manufacturer of a goods vehicle of a class
216 Road Traffic Act 1972
c.20
PART II to which regulations under this section apply and after examina-
tion of the vehicle-
( a ) that the vehicle complies with the relevant type approval
requirements ; and
( b) that adequate arrangements have been made to secure
that other vehicles purporting to conform with that
vehicle in the relevant aspects of design, construction,
equipment and marking will so conform in all respects
or with such variations as may be permitted ;
he may approve that vehicle as a type vehicle and, if so, shall
issue a certificate (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to
as a type approval certificate ") stating that the vehicle com-
plies with the relevant type approval requirements and specifying
the permitted variations from the type vehicle and the design
weights for vehicles so conforming in all respects and for vehicles
so conforming with any such variations.
In the following provisions of this section and in section 48
of this Act " conform " means conform in all respects or with
any permitted variation .
( 5) A manufacturer of a type vehicle in respect of which a
type approval certificate is in force may issue, in respect of
each goods vehicle manufactured by him which conforms with
the type vehicle in such of the relevant aspects of design, con-
struction, equipment and marking as are mentioned in the type
approval certificate, a certificate ( hereafter in this Part of this
Act referred to as a " manufacturer's certificate ") stating that
it does so conform and specifying the design weights for the
vehicle, and shall in such cases as may be prescribed specify in
the certificate one or more of the plated weights for the vehicle.
( 6) Where a manufacturer issues a manufacturer's certificate
for a vehicle, the Secretary of State shall, on an application
made by any person containing such information as he may
require with respect to the proposed circumstances of operation
of the vehicle and on production of that certificate, specify in
the certificate any plated weights for the vehicle not so specified
by the manufacturer.
( 7) Where a manufacturer issues a manufacturer's certificate
for a vehicle then-
( a) if he is required by subsection ( 5) above to specify any
plated weights for the vehicle in the certificate, he shall
mark those weights on the vehicle by means of a plate
fixed to it ;
( b) in any other case the Secretary of State shall on an
application for the purpose secure that those weights
are so marked.
c.20
Road Traffic Act 1972 217
(8) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied , on application
PARTII
made to him by any person in respect of a goods vehicle of a
class to which regulations under this section apply and after
examination of the vehicle, that the vehicle complies with the
relevant type approval requirements and the Secretary of State
has sufficient information to enable the plated weights to be
ascertained for the vehicle he may issue a certificate ( hereafter
in this Part of this Act referred to as a " Minister's approval
certificate ") stating that the vehicle complies with those require-
ments and specifying its design weights and plated weights and,
where he issues such a certificate, shall secure that the plated
weights are marked on the vehicle by means of a plate fixed
to it .
( 9) Subject to the provisions of subsection (10) below, a type
approval certificate may be issued for a type vehicle where the
Secretary of State is satisfied that one or more, but not all, of
the relevant type approval requirements are complied with in
the case of that vehicle, and-
( a ) a further type approval certificate may be issued by
virtue of this subsection on the application of any person
who manufactures any part of the vehicle or by whom
the vehicle is finally assembled, and references in this
section and section 48 of this Act to a manufacturer
shall be construed accordingly ;
( b) any manufacturer's certificate issued in consequence of
any type approval certificate issued by virtue of this
subsection shall relate only to the requirement or
requirements to which that type approval certificate
relates ;
( c ) where a manufacturer's certificate issued in respect of
a vehicle relates to one or more, but not all , of the
relevant type approval requirements, the Secretary of
State may issue in respect of that vehicle a Minister's
approval certificate relating to one or more of the
other relevant type approval requirements.
(10 ) The first type approval certificate issued for a type
vehicle by virtue of subsection (9) above shall specify the design
weights for conforming vehicles, and accordingly-
(a ) so much of subsections (4) , (5), (6) and (7) above as
requires the Secretary of State or a manufacturer to
specify in any certificate under this section the design
weights or plated weights for a vehicle or as requires
the Secretary of State or a manufacturer to mark or
secure the marking of the plated weights on a vehicle
shall not apply to a subsequent type approval certifi-
cate issued by virtue of subsection (9) above or to the
c .20
218 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
manufacturer's certificates issued in consequence of
such a type approval certificate ;
( b ) so much of subsection (8) above as requires the
Secretary of State to specify in any certificate issued
by him the design weights and plated weights for a
vehicle or to secure that the plated weights are marked
on a vehicle shall not apply to a Minister's approval
certificate issued by virtue of subsection (9) above.
( 11 ) Where a Minister's approval certificate is given as
respects an imported goods vehicle and the Secretary of State is
satisfied on the application of the importer of the vehicle and
after the consideration of such evidence as he thinks necessary
that any other goods vehicle imported by the importer conforms
with the first mentioned vehicle as respects the relevant aspects
of design, construction, equipment and marking, the Secretary
of State may issue a Minister's approval certificate in respect
of that other vehicle without examining it and, where he issues
such a certificate, shall specify the plated weights which are to
be marked on the other vehicle.
(12) Subsection ( 11) above shall apply in relation to goods
vehicles brought into Great Britain from Northern Ireland as it
applies in relation to imported goods vehicles, and references in
that subsection to the importer shall be construed accordingly.
(13) Where the Secretary of State determines on an applica-
tion under this section not to issue a type approval certificate
or a Minister's approval certificate in respect of a goods vehicle,
he shall give to the applicant a written notification of the
determination, stating the grounds on which it is based.
Supple-
mentary
provisions as
to type
approval
and other
certificates.
48.-(1 ) A type approval certificate may be issued subject to
conditions with respect to-
( a ) the inspection by officers of the Secretary of State of
vehicles purporting to conform with the type vehicle in
the relevant aspects of design, construction, equipment
and marking and of parts of such vehicles and their
equipment, and the entry of premises where they are
manufactured, and
( b) the notification by the manufacturer of differences of
design, construction, equipment or marking (other than
permitted variations) between any such vehicles and
the type vehicle which might affect the type approval
requirements or the criteria for determining the design
weights of those vehicles.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by regulations require that
prescribed alterations in any of the relevant aspects of design,
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 219
construction, equipment or marking or any such aspect which
affects the plated weight made to any vehicle for which a
manufacturer's certificate or a Minister's approval certificate is
issued shall, subject to any exemption granted under subsection
( 3) below, be notified to the Secretary of State.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by notice in writing given to
the manufacturer of goods vehicles or to the owner of a vehicle
for which a Minister's approval certificate is issued-
( a ) direct that any specified alteration in any of the said
aspects to a vehicle to which the direction relates shall
be notified to the Secretary of State ;
( b) exempt a vehicle to which the notice relates from all or
any of the requirements of regulations under subsection
( 2) above, subject to compliance with any conditions
specified in the notice.
( 4) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 50 of this
Act, the Secretary of State may by regulations require that a
manufacturer's certificate or Minister's approval certificate issued
for any vehicle shall specify the regulations if any applicable to
the vehicle under subsection ( 2) above at the time of the issue
of the certificate, any additional alteration to that vehicle
required by any direction under subsection ( 3) above to be
notified to the Secretary of State and any exemption applicable
to that vehicle under that subsection.
( 5) A manufacturer's certificate or Minister's approval certifi-
cate specifying any plated weights shall be treated for the
purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act and any
regulations thereunder relating to plating certificates (except
section 45(3) of this Act) as a plating certificate.
( 6 ) If it appears to the Secretary of State that there has been
a breach of a condition subject to which a type approval certifi-
cate has been granted or if he ceases to be satisfied as to any
other matter relevant to a type approval certificate, he may
cancel or suspend the certificate, but the cancellation or suspen-
sion shall not affect the validity of any manufacturer's certificate
previously issued in consequence of the type approval certificate
( 7 ) Where the Secretary of State cancels or suspends a certifi-
cate in pursuance of this section, he shall give a written notifica-
tion of that fact to the holder of the certificate stating the
grounds for the cancellation or suspension.
PART II
49. A person aggrieved by a determination made on behalf Appeals.
of the Secretary of State with respect to a type approval certifi-
cate , a manufacturer's certificate or a Minister's approval
certificate under section 47 or 48 of this Act, including any deter-
mination with respect to design weights or plated weights, may
c. 20
220 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner appeal
to the Secretary of State, and on the appeal the Secretary of
State-
( a) shall have the like powers and duties as he has on an
original application for a type approval or a Minister's
approval certificate or in respect of the plated weights
to be included in a manufacturer's certificate ;
( b) may hold an inquiry in connection therewith ; and
( c ) may appoint an assessor for the purpose of assisting
him with the appeal or any such inquiry.
Regulations
50.-( 1) The Secretary of State may make regulations for the
purposes
ofss. 47to49
purposes of sections 47 to 49 of this Act and, without prejudice
and other
to the generality of the foregoing, any such regulations-
supplementary provisions.
( a) may provide for the examination of any vehicle in
respect of which a manufacturer's certificate or a
Minister's approval certificate is in force in the event
of an alteration being made to the vehicle which is
notifiable by virtue of section 48( 2) or ( 3) of this Act
and, in particular, may empower a goods vehicle
examiner to require the vehicle to be examined at a
testing station provided under this section or section
45 or 58 of this Act ;
(b) may authorise the suspension or amendment of a
manufacturer's certificate or a Minister's approval
certificate on an examination of any vehicle in pur-
suance of regulations made by virtue of paragraph
(a) above ;
(c) shall give a right of appeal to any person aggrieved by
a determination on any such examination and for
that purpose may apply section 45( 3) and ( 4) of this
Act ;
( d ) may contain the like provisions with respect to any
such examination and any appeal brought by virtue
of paragraph (c) above as may be contained in regula-
tions made by virtue of paragraphs (b), (c) , (g) and ( h)
of section 45(6) of this Act in relation to the examina-
tions and appeals there mentioned ;
(e) may provide for charging a fee on the making of an
application for a type approval certificate or Minister's
approval certificate ;
( f ) may make provision as to the form of, and particulars
to be contained in, manufacturers' certificates, and
provide for the supply by the Secretary of State of
forms for such certificates ;
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 221
( g) may provide for the issue of replacements for plates fixed to vehicles under section 47 of this Act, manu-
facturers' certificates and Minister's approval
certificates which have been lost or defaced and
provide for the payment of a fee for their issue ;
( h ) may require persons empowered by section 47 of this
Act to issue manufacturers' certificates to keep records
of manufacturers' certificates issued by them and
of the vehicles in respect of which such certificates
are issued and may authorise the inspection of such
records by such persons and in such circumstances
as may be prescribed ;
( i ) may make different provision for different cases.
PART II
( 2 ) Without prejudice to any regulations made by virtue of
section 45( 6) (c) of this Act, as applied by this section, the Secre
tary of State may give directions with respect to the manner
in which examinations to which such regulations apply are to
be carried out.
( 3) The Secretary of State may provide and maintain stations
where examinations of goods vehicles under sections 47 to 49
of this Act or this section or regulations thereunder may be
carried out and may provide and maintain the apparatus for
carrying out such examinations.
( 4 ) Where an agreement entered into between Her Majesty's
Government and the Government of a country outside Great
Britain provides for the recognition in Great Britain of arrange-
ments under the law of that country with respect to the approval
of the design, construction, equipment or marking of goods
vehicles of any description manufactured in that country, the
Secretary of State may make regulations-
( a) applying, with such adaptations and modifications as he
thinks fit, all or any of the provisions of sections 47
to 49 of this Act and of regulations under subsection
(1) above, so far as relating to type approval certificates
and manufacturers' certificates, to goods vehicles of
that description manufactured in that country ;
(b) providing that a certificate issued under any such provi-
sion as so applied shall be treated for the purposes
of any other provisions of this Part of this Act pre
scribed by the regulations as a type approval certificate
or as a manufacturer's certificate ;
(c) providing for the cancellation or suspension (subject
to any savings prescribed by the regulations) of any
such certificate in the event of the agreement ceasing
to be in force or being modified.
c.20
222 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
( 5) Where regulations under subsection ( 1) above impose the
like requirement as may be imposed by regulations made by
virtue of section 45(6) (c) ( ii) of this Act , the regulations may
provide that a person who contravenes or fails to comply with
a requirement so imposed shall be guilty of an offence.
( 6 ) In this section " goods vehicle examiner " has the same
meaning as in section 56( 1 ) of this Act and in sections 47 and
48 of this Act and this section " goods vehicle " includes a
vehicle which is a chassis for, or will otherwise form part of, a
vehicle which when completed will be a goods vehicle.
Obligatory
51.-( 1) If any person at any time on or after the day
type approval, appointed by regulations made by the Secretary of State in
manu-
facturers' , relation to goods vehicles of a prescribed class, being vehicles
and Minister's to which type approval requirements prescribed by those regula-
certificates. tions apply, uses on a road, or causes or permits to be so used,
a goods vehicle of that class and it does not appear from one
or more certificates then in force under section 47 of this Act
that the vehicle complies with those requirements, he shall be
guilty of an offence.
Different days may be appointed under this subsection in
relation to different classes of vehicles.
( 2) If a plating certificate has been issued for a goods vehicle
to which section 46(1) of this Act or subsection ( 1) above applies ,
but does not specify a maximum laden weight for the vehicle
together with any trailer which may be drawn by it , any person
who on or after the relevant date within the meaning of the
said section 46(1) or, as the case may be, the day appointed
under the said subsection ( 1) uses the vehicle on a road for
drawing a trailer, or causes or permits it to be so used, shall be
guilty of an offence .
( 3) Any person who uses on a road, or causes or permits
to be so used, a goods vehicle when an alteration has been
made to the vehicle or its equipment which is required by
regulations or directions under section 48 of this Act to be,
but has not been, notified to the Secretary of State shall be
guilty of an offence.
( 4) In any proceedings for an offence under subsection (3 )
above, it shall be a defence to prove that the regulations were
not , or, as the case may be, the alteration was not, specified in
the relevant manufacturer's certificate or Minister's approval
certificate in accordance with regulations under section 48(4) of
thisAct.
(5) The Secretary of State may by regulations-
( a ) exempt from all or any of the foregoing provisions of
this section the use of goods vehicles for such purposes
or in such an area as may be prescribed ;
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 223
( b) exempt any class of goods vehicles from the provisions
PART II
of subsection (2) above ; and
( c ) make provision for the issue in respect of a vehicle
in such circumstances as may be prescribed of a
certificate of temporary exemption exempting that
vehicle from the provisions of subsection ( 1) above
for such period as may be specified in the certificate.
52.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide Regulations
that where application is made for a licence under the Vehicles prohibiting the grant
( Excise) Act 1971 for a vehicle to which section 44 of this Act ofexcise
applies and, in the case of an application relating to a vehicle licences for
to which that section applies by virtue of subsection ( 2)(b) certain vehicles
thereof, it appears from the application that the vehicle has except on
been used on roads ( whether in Great Britain or elsewhere) compliance with certain
before the date of the application, the licence shall not be granted conditions.
unless-
1971 с. 10.
( a ) there is produced such evidence as may be prescribed
of the granting of an effective test certificate or (if it
is so prescribed ) there is produced such a certificate
or there is furnished to the Secretary of State a copy
thereof , or
( b) there is made such a declaration as may be prescribed
that the vehicle is not intended to be used during the
period for which the licence is to be in force except
for a purpose prescribed under subsection (6), or in an
area prescribed under subsection ( 7), of the said sec-
tion44, or
( c ) in the case of an application relating to a vehicle to
which the said section 44 applies by virtue of subsection
( 2 ) ( b) thereof, the owner of the vehicles declares in
writing the year in which the vehicle was manufactured,
and the specified period from the date of manufacture
has not expired.
( 2) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide that
where application is made for a licence under the said Act of
1971 for a goods vehicle to which section 46( 2) or 51 ( 1) of this
Act applies, the licence shall not be granted unless-
( a) on any application, after the relevant date within the
meaning of the said section 46(2), for a licence for a
vehicle to which the said section 46(2) applies, there
is produced evidence that an effective goods vehicle
test certificate is in force for the vehicle ;
( b) on the first application, after the day appointed by
regulations made by virtue of the said section 51(1),
for a licence for a vehicle of any class to which those
regulations apply, there is produced evidence that there
c.20
224 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
is or are one or more certificates in force for the
vehicle under section 47 of this Act from which it
appears that the vehicle complies with all the relevant
type approval requirements prescribed by those
regulations ;
or unless there is made such a declaration as may be prescribed
that the vehicle is not intended to be used during the period for
which the licence is to be in force except for a purpose or in
an area prescribed under paragraph (a) of section 46( 5) or 51(5)
of this Act or unless there is produced in respect of the vehicle
a certificate of temporary exemption issued by virtue of para-
graph (b) of the said section 46(5) or paragraph (c ) of the said
section 51 (5) which exempts that vehicle from the provisions of
section 46(2) or 51 ( 1) of this Act, as the case may be, for a
period which includes the date on which the licence is to come
into force.
(3) Regulations under subsection ( 2) above may be made
so as to apply to such classes only of vehicles as may be
specified in the regulations.
( 4) Section 44(11) shall apply for the purposes of this section
as it applies for the purposes of that section.
( 5 ) In this section-
" effective test certificate " means, in relation to an appli-
cation for a licence for a vehicle, a test certificate
relating to the vehicle and issued within the appropriate
period before the date on which the licence is to come
into force ;
" effective goods vehicle test certificate " means, in relation
to an application for a licence for a vehicle, a goods
vehicle test certificate relating to the vehicle which will
be in force on the date on which the licence is to
come into force ;
and " appropriate period " and " specified period " have the
same meanings as they respectively have in section 44 of this
Act.
Testing of
condition of
vehicles on
roads.
53. ( 1 ) An authorised examiner may test a motor vehicle
on a road for the purpose of ascertaining whether the require-
ments imposed by law as to-
( a) brakes, silencers, steering gear and tyres ;
( b) the prevention or reduction of smoke, fumes or vapour ;
and
( c ) lighting equipment and reflectors ,
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 225
are complied with as respects the vehicle, and of bringing to the
notice of the driver any failure to comply with those require-
ments, and for the purpose of testing the vehicle the examiner
may drive it ; but a vehicle shall not be required to stop for a
test except by a constable in uniform .
PART II
( 2) The following persons may act as authorised examiners for
the purposes of this section and section 54 of this Act, that is
to say, a certifying officer or public service vehicle examiner ap-
pointed under Part III of the Road Traffic Act 1960, a person 1960 c. 16 .
appointed as an examiner under section 56 of this Act, a person
appointed to examine and inspect public carriages for the
purposes of the Metropolitan Public Carriage Act 1869, a 1869 с. 115.
person appointed to act for the purposes of this section by
the Secretary of State, and a constable authorised so to act by
or under instructions of the chief officer of police.
A person appointed as aforesaid shall produce his authority
to act for the purposes of this section if required to do so.
(3) On the examiner proceeding to test a vehicle under this
section, the driver may elect that the test shall be deferred to a
time, and carried out at a place, fixed in accordance with Schedule
3 to this Act, and the provisions of that Schedule shall apply
accordingly :
Provided that-
( a ) where it appears to a constable that, by reason of an
accident having occurred owing to the presence of the
vehicle on a road, it is requisite that a test should be
carried out forthwith, he may require it to be so carried
out and, if he is not to carry it out himself, may require
that the vehicle shall not be taken away until the test
has been carried out ; and
( b) where in the opinion of a constable the vehicle is
apparently so defective that it ought not to be allowed
to proceed without a test's being carried out, he may
require the test to be carried out forthwith .
( 4) If a person obstructs an authorised examiner acting under
this section, or fails to comply with a requirement of this section
or Schedule 3 to this Act, he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 5 ) In this section and in Schedule 3 to this Act "test
"
includes " inspect "
or " inspection ", as the case may require,
and references to a vehicle include references to a trailer drawn
thereby .
H
c. 20
226 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
Remedying
ofdefects
discovered on
roadside tests.
54.-( 1 ) Where on testing a motor vehicle under section 53 of
this Act it appears to an authorised examiner that there is a
defect in the vehicle by reason that the vehicle does not comply
with a construction and use requirement applicable to the vehicle,
he may, whether or not the requirement is one mentioned in
subsection ( 1 ) of that section and whether or not proceedings are
instituted for a breach of the requirement, give a notice in writing
to the person who is then the owner of the vehicle specifying the
defect and the requirement in question and requiring him to give
to the Secretary of State within the permitted period a certificate
complying with subsection (3) below or a declaration complying
with subsection ( 4) below.
( 2) On testing a motor vehicle as aforesaid an authorised
examiner may require the person in charge of the vehicle to
state whether he is the owner of the vehicle and, if he is not the
owner, the name and address of the owner.
( 3) A certificate under this section shall contain-
(a ) a statement signed by the person to whom the notice
under this section was given that he has taken steps
to secure that repairs for the purpose of remedying the
defects specified in the notice have been carried out at a
vehicle testing station or to secure that the vehicle has
been examined at such a station for the purpose of
ascertaining whether any such repairs have been carried
out ; and
( b) a statement signed by a person having power to carry
out examinations at such a station under section 43
of this Act that the signatory has either carried out any
such repairs or examined the vehicle for the purpose
of ascertaining whether those repairs have been carried
out and that in his opinion the vehicle complies with
the construction and use requirement specified in the
notice.
( 4) A declaration under this section shall be signed by the
person to whom the notice under this section was given and
shall state that he has sold or disposed of his interest in the
vehicle to which the notice relates or that he does not intend
to use it thereafter on a road in Great Britain.
(5) A person who, having been given a notice under this
section, fails to give a certificate or declaration under this section
within the permitted period to the Secretary of State shall be
guilty of an offence.
( 6) A person who fails to comply with a requirement imposed
on him by an authorised examiner under subsection (2) above
shall be guilty of an offence.
c . 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 227
(7 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision
with respect to the examination of vehicles for the purpose of
ascertaining whether any such repairs as are mentioned in
subsection (3)(a) above have been carried out and with respect
to the making of statements under subsection (3) (b) above and,
in particular, any such regulations-
( a ) may prescribe the manner in which, conditions under
which and apparatus with which such examinations are
carried out and make provision with respect to the
maintenance of that apparatus in an efficient state, and
with respect to the inspection of premises at which and
apparatus with which such examinations are being, or
are to be, carried out ;
( b) may prescribe the manner in which applications may
be made for such examinations or for such statements ;
( c ) shall give a right of appeal to any person aggrieved by
the refusal of a person mentioned in subsection (3) (b)
above to sign a certificate under that paragraph and
shall prescribe the manner in which and time within
which appeals under the regulations may be brought ;
( d ) may prescribe the information to be supplied and docu-
ments to be produced on such an application, examina-
tion or appeal ;
( e) may prescribe the fees to be paid on such an application
or appeal, and the repayment of the whole or of part
of the fee paid on such appeal where it appears to the
Secretary of State that there were substantial grounds
for appeal ;
( f ) may prescribe the form of notices, certificates and de-
clarations under this section and of notices of appeal
and other documents required for the purposes of this
section ; and
( g ) maymake different provision for different cases.
( 8) In this section " permitted period " means a period of
twenty-eight days beginning with the date of the notice under
this section or such longer period as the Secretary of State may,
on the application of the owner of a motor vehicle, specify in
writing.
PART II
55.-( 1 ) Where a certificate has been given under section 54 Tests to check
of this Act with respect to a motor vehicle, the Secretary ofwhether
State may, within the period of thirty days beginning with the been
defects have
date on which he receives the certificate, require the person remedied .
who is the owner of the vehicle at the time of the requirement
H2
c. 20
228 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II to make the vehicle available for a further test by an officer of
the Secretary of State and for that purpose may request that
person to specify-
(a) a period of seven days within which the examination is
to take place, being a period falling within the period
of thirty days beginning with the date of the require
ment, disregarding any day in which the vehicle is
outside Great Britain ; and
( b) a place, or if that person thinks fit, a local government
area, where the test may conveniently be carried out.
(2) Where a vehicle is made available under subsection ( 1)
above for a further test, any officer of the Secretary of State
may test and inspect it for the purpose of ascertaining whether
any defect specified in the notice relating to it under the said
section 54 has been remedied.
( 3) Section 54 of this Act shall apply in relation to a test
under this section as it applies in relation to a test under section
53 thereof with the substitution for references to an authorised
examiner of references to an officer of the Secretary of State.
( 4) Paragraphs 3 and 4 of Schedule 3 to this Act shall apply
in relation to a test under this section as they apply in relation
to a deferred test, subject to the following modifications, that is
to say-
( a) for references therein to the foregoing provisions of
that Schedule there shall be substituted references to
subsection (1) above ;
( b) in those paragraphs " owner " shall have the meaning
assigned by section 196 of this Act and not the meaning
assigned by paragraph 5 of that Schedule ; and
(c) for the reference in paragraph 3 to premises there shall
be substituted a reference to a place.
(5) If a person obstructs an officer of the Secretary of State
acting under this section, or fails to comply with a requirement
of this section or of paragraphs 3 and 4 of the said Schedule 3
as applied by this section, he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 6) Any station or apparatus provided and maintained under
section 43 ( 5) of this Act by the Secretary of State or a council
designated for the purposes of that section may be used by the
Secretary of State or that council, as the case may be, for the
carrying out of examinations for the purpose of ascertaining
whether any such repairs as are mentioned in section 54(3) (a)
of this Act have been carried out and for the carrying out of tests
and inspections under this section.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 229
( 7 ) In subsection (1) above " local government area
" means, PART II
as respects England and Wales, a county borough, a county
district or Greater London and, as respects Scotland, a county
or burgh.
56.-( 1 ) For the purpose of securing that goods vehicles Power to
are maintained in a fit and serviceable condition and that , in inspect goods
relation to goods vehicles, the provisions of this Part of this vehicles to
secure proper
Act (except section 59 ) and of Part V of the Transport Act 1968 maintenance.
are observed, the Secretary of State shall appoint such examiners 1968 c. 73.
as he considers necessary.
In this section and sections 57 and 58 of this Act " goods
vehicle examiner " means an examiner appointed under this
subsection or a certifying officer appointed under Part III of
the Road Traffic Act 1960.
1960 с. 16.
(2) A goods vehicle examiner-
( a ) may at any time, on production if so required of his
authority, enter and inspect any goods vehicle, and for
that purpose detain the vehicle during such time as is
required for the inspection ;
(b ) may at any time which is reasonable having regard
to the circumstances of the case enter any premises
on which he has reason to believe that a goods vehicle
is kept.
(3) A person who obstructs a goods vehicle examiner
in the performance of his duty under subsection (2) above shall
be guilty of an offence.
( 4) A goods vehicle examiner or a constable in uniform
may at any time require any person in charge of a stationary
goods vehicle on a road to proceed with the vehicle for
the purpose of having it inspected under this section to any
place where an inspection can be suitably carried out ( not being
more than one mile from the place where the requirement
is made ) .
( 5) A person in charge of a goods vehicle who refuses or
neglects to comply with a requirement made under subsection
( 4 ) above shall be guilty of an offence.
57.-( 1 ) If on any inspection of a goods vehicle under section Power to
56 of this Act or on an examination of such a vehicle under prohibit the
regulations under section 45 or 50 of this Act it appears todriving of
unfit goods
a goods vehicle examiner that the vehicle, owing to any vehicles.
defects therein is, or is likely to become, unfit for service, he
may prohibit the driving of the vehicle on a road either
absolutely or for a specified purpose.
H3
c . 20
230 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II ( 2) Where a goods vehicle examiner prohibits the driving
of a vehicle under subsection (1) above, he shall forthwith
give notice in writing of the prohibition to the person in
charge of the vehicle at the time of the inspection, specifying
the defects which occasioned the prohibition, stating whether
the prohibition is on all driving of the vehicle or driving it for
a specified purpose (and if the latter specifying the purpose)
and stating whether the prohibition is to come into force
immediately or at the end of a specified period.
( 3) A prohibition under subsection ( 1) above with respect to
any vehicle shall, subject to any exemption granted under sub-
section (5) below, come into force as soon as notice thereof has
been given under subsection (2) above, if in the opinion of the
examiner the defects in the vehicle are such that driving it ,
or driving it for any purpose specified in the notice, will create
an immediate risk to public safety, and the prohibition shall
thereafter continue in force until it is removed under section
58 of this Act .
( 4 ) In any other case a prohibition under subsection ( 1)
above shall, unless previously removed under the said section
58 and subject to any exemption under subsection ( 5) below,
come into force at such time not later than ten days from the
date of the inspection as seems appropriate to the examiner
having regard to all the circumstances, and shall thereafter
continue in force until it is so removed.
(5 ) Where a notice has been given under subsection ( 2)
above any examiner may grant an exemption in writing for the
use of the vehicle in such manner, subject to such conditions
and for such purpose as may be specified in the exemption.
(6) Where any such notice has been given an examiner may
by endorsement on the notice vary its terms and, in particular,
alter the time at which the prohibition is to come into force
or suspend it if it has come into force.
( 7) Where a goods vehicle has been weighed in pursuance
of a requirement imposed under section 160 of this Act and
it appears to a goods vehicle examiner, to a person authorised
with the consent of the Secretary of State to act for the
purposes of this subsection by a highway authority other than
the Secretary of State or to a constable authorised to act for
those purposes by or on behalf of a chief officer of the police-
( a) that the limit imposed by construction and use require-
ments with respect to any description of weight which
is applicable to that vehicle has been exceeded ; and
Road Traffic Act 1972 231
c . 20
( b ) that as a result there would be an immediate risk to
PART II
public safety if it were used on a road,
the person to whom it so appears may, whether or not a notice
is given under subsection (2) above, give notice in writing to
the person in charge of the vehicle prohibiting the driving of the
vehicle on a road until that weight is reduced to that limit.
( 8) On giving a notice under subsection (2) or (7) above to a
person in charge of a vehicle, the person giving the notice shall
as soon as practicable take steps to bring the contents of the
notice to the attention-
( a ) of the owner of the vehicle if he was not in charge of
it at the time when the notice was given ; and
( b ) in the case of an authorised vehicle within the meaning
of Part V of the Transport Act 1968, of the licensing 1968 с. 73 .
authority by whom the operators' licence ( within the
meaning of the said Part V) was granted for the vehicle.
( 9) A person who drives a goods vehicle on a road, or causes
or permits a goods vehicle to be so driven, in contravention of a
prohibition under this section, shall be guilty of an offence .
(10) The Secretary of State may by regulations exempt from
subsection (9) above the use of vehicles for such purposes as
may be prescribed.
(11) A goods vehicle examiner shall, in exercising his
functions under this section, act under the general directions of
the Secretary of State and, without prejudice to the foregoing ,
shall, in exercising his functions under subsection ( 5) above, act
in accordance with any directions given by the Secretary of State
with respect to the exercise of those functions in any particular
case.
( 12) Any reference in this section to the driving of a vehicle
is, in relation to a trailer, a reference to the driving of the
vehicle by which the trailer is drawn.
58.-( 1 ) A prohibition under section 57 of this Act may be Removal of
removed by any goods vehicle examiner if he is satisfied prohibition of
that the vehicle is fit for service. driving of
unfit goods
( 2) A person aggrieved by the refusal of an examiner vehicle.
appointed under section 56(1) of this Act to remove a prohibi-
tion may make an application to any licensing authority to have
the vehicle inspected by a certifying officer appointed under
Part III of the Road Traffic Act 1960, and, where any such 1960 c. 16.
application is made, the certifying officer, on the matter being
referred to him, shall, if he considers that the vehicle is fit for
service, remove the prohibition .
H4
c . 20
232 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
1968 с. 73.
Operators'
dutyto inspect, and
keep records
ofinspections
of , goods vehicles.
( 3) A person aggrieved by the refusal of a certifying officer
to remove a prohibition may, within the prescribed time and in
the prescribed manner, appeal to the Secretary of State, who shall
have power to make such order on the appeal as he thinks fit ;
and any such order shall be binding on the certifying officer .
( 4 ) Where a goods vehicle examiner removes a prohibition,
he shall forthwith give notice of the removal to the owner
of the vehicle and, in the case of an authorised vehicle within
the meaning of Part V of the Transport Act 1968, to the
licensing authority by whom the operators' licence (within the
meaning of the said Part V ) was granted for the vehicle.
(5) The Secretary of State may provide and maintain stations
where inspections of goods vehicles for the purposes of this
section may be carried out and may provide and maintain the
apparatus for carrying out such examinations.
(6) The Secretary of State may make regulations for pre-
scribing anything which may be prescribed under subsection
( 3) above and for regulating the procedure on appeals to him
under that subsection.
( 7) A licensing authority may hold such inquiries as he
thinks necessary for the proper exercise of his functions under
this section.
59.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations requiring
the operator for the time being of a goods vehicle to which the
regulations apply to secure-
(a) the carrying out by a suitably qualified person ( includ-
ing the operator if so qualified ) of an inspection of the
vehicle for the purpose of ascertaining whether the
construction and use requirements with respect to any
prescribed matters, being requirements applicable to
the vehicle, are complied with ;
( b) the making and authentication of records of such mat-
ters relating to any such inspection as may be pre-
scribed, including records of the action taken to remedy
any defects discovered on the inspection ;
and providing for the preservation of such records for a pre-
scribed period not exceeding fifteen months and their custody
and production during that period.
( 2) Regulations under this section may-
(a) apply to all goods vehicles or to goods vehicles of
such classes as may be prescribed ;
(b) require the inspection of goods vehicles under the
regulations to be carried out at such times, or before
the happening of such events, as may be prescribed ;
( c) make different provision for different cases .
с. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 233
( 3) Any person who contravenes or fails to comply with any
PART II
provision of regulations under this section shall be guilty of
an offence.
( 4 ) In this section " the operator ", in relation to a goods
vehicle, means the person to whom it belongs or the hirer thereof
under a hire-purchase agreement, except where he has let it on
hire (otherwise than by way of hire -purchase) or lent it to any
other person and in the said excepted case means a person
of a class prescribed by regulations under this section in relation
to any particular class of goods vehicles or, subject to any such
regulations, that other person.
( 5 ) In any proceedings for a contravention of or failure to
comply with construction and use requirements or regulations
under this section, any record purporting to be made and
authenticated in accordance with regulations under this section
shall be evidence (and in Scotland sufficient evidence) of the
matters stated in the record and of its due authentication.
60.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this section it shall not Vehicles not
be lawful to sell, or to supply, or to offer to sell or supply, a to be sold
motor vehicle or trailer for delivery in such a condition that the in unroad-
use thereof on a road in that condition would be unlawful by worthy
condition or
virtue of any provision made by regulations under section 40 of altered so
this Act as respects brakes, steering gear or tyres or as respects as to be
the construction, weight or equipment of vehicles, or in such a unroadworthy.
condition, as respects lighting equipment or reflectors or the
maintenance thereof, that it is not capable of being used on a
road during the hours of darkness without contravention of the
requirements imposed by law as to obligatory lamps or
reflectors.
( 2 ) Subject to the provisions of this section it shall not be
lawful to alter a motor vehicle or trailer so as to render its
condition such that the use thereof on a road in that condition
would be unlawful by virtue of any provision made as respects
the construction, weight or equipment of vehicles by regulations
under the said section 40.
(3) If a motor vehicle or trailer is sold, supplied, offered or
altered in contravention of the provisions of this section, any
person who so sells, supplies, offers or alters it, or causes or
permits it to be so sold, supplied, offered or altered, shall be
guilty of an offence.
( 4 ) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under this
section in respect of the sale, supply, offer or alteration of a
motor vehicle or trailer if he proves-
(a) that it was sold, supplied, offered or altered, as the case
may be, for export from Great Britain, or
c .20
234 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
( b ) that he had reasonable cause to believe that the vehicle
or trailer would not be used on a road in Great Britain,
or would not be so used until it had been put into a
condition in which it might lawfully be so used, or
( c ) in the case of a vehicle or trailer the sale, supply or
offer of which is alleged to be unlawful by reason of its
condition as respects lighting equipment or reflectors or
the maintenance thereof, that he had reasonable cause
to believe that the vehicle or trailer would not be used
on a road in Great Britain during the hours of darkness
until it had been put into a condition in which it might
be so used during those hours without contravention of
the requirements imposed by law as to obligatory
lamps or reflectors.
( 5 ) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall
affect the validity of a contract or any rights arising under a
contract.
( 6 ) In this section " obligatory lamps or reflectors " means, in
relation to a motor vehicle or trailer, the lamps or reflectors re-
quired by law to be carried thereon while it is on a road during
the hours of darkness and when it is neither drawing nor being
drawn by another vehicle, except that the said expression does
not, in the case of a motor vehicle, include any lamps or reflectors
required to be carried by virtue of section 79 of this Act, or, in
the case of a trailer, include any lamps or reflectors so required
to be carried or any lamps showing a white light to the front.
Testing
condition of
used vehicles
at sale
rooms, etc.
61.-( 1 ) An authorised examiner may at any reasonable hour
enter premises where used motor vehicles or trailers are sold,
supplied, or offered or kept for sale or supply, in the course of a
business and test and inspect any used motor vehicle or trailer
found thereon for the purpose of ascertaining whether it is in any
such condition as is mentioned in section 60(1) of this Act, and
for the purpose of testing a motor vehicle and any trailer drawn
by it may drive it and for the purpose of testing a trailer may
draw it with a motor vehicle.
( 2) If any person obstructs an authorised examiner acting
under this section he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 3) In this section an authorised examiner means a person
who may act as an authorised examiner for the purposes of
section 53 of this Act; and any such person, other than a
constable in uniform, shall produce his authority to act for the
purposes of that section if required to do so.
( 4 ) A motor vehicle or trailer shall be treated as used for
the purposes of this section if , but only if , it has previously been
sold or supplied by retail.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 235
62 .-(1 ) If any person at any time on or after the day PART II
appointed by regulations under section 51( 1) of this Act sells, Goods vehicles
supplies or offers to sell or supply a goods vehicle of a class not to be sold
to which those regulations apply and it does not appear without
from one or more certificates in force at that time under section required
manu-
47 of this Act that the vehicle complies with all the relevant facturer's
type approval requirements prescribed by those regulations, he or Minister's
shall be guilty of an offence.
approval certificate.
( 2) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under this
section in respect of the sale, supply or offer of a vehicle if he
proves-
( a ) that it was sold, supplied or offered, as the case may be,
for export from Great Britain ;
( b ) that he had reasonable cause to believe that it would
not be used on a road in Great Britain or would not
be so used until it had been certified as aforesaid ; or
(c ) that he had reasonable cause to believe that it would
only be used for purposes or in any area prescribed
by the Secretary of State under section 46(5) or 51 ( 5) of
thisAct.
( 3) Nothing in subsection (1) above shall affect the validity
of a contract or any rights arising under or in relation to a
contract .
63.-( 1) Where any international agreement to which the Approval
United Kingdom is a party provides-
marks.
( a ) for markings to be applied-
(i) to motor vehicle parts of any description to
indicate conformity with a type approved by any
country ; or
(ii ) to a motor vehicle to indicate that the vehicle
is fitted with motor vehicle parts of any description
and either that the parts conform with a type
approved by any country or that the vehicle is such
that as so fitted it conforms with a type so approved ;
and
( b) for motor vehicle parts or, as the case may be, motor
vehicles, bearing those markings to be recognised as
complying with the requirements imposed by the law
of another country ;
the Secretary of State may by regulations designate the markings
as approval marks, and any markings so designated shall be
deemed for the purposes of the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 1968 c. 29.
to be a trade description, whether or not the markings fall
within the definition of that expression in section 2 of that
Act .
c . 20
236 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
( 2) Any person who, without being authorised by the com-
petent authority to apply any approval mark, applies that mark
or a mark so nearly resembling it as to be calculated to deceive
1968 с. 29.
shall be guilty of an offence under the Trade Descriptions Act
1968, whether or not he would be guilty of such an offence
apart from this subsection .
( 3) The conditions subject to which approval of any type
may be given on behalf of the United Kingdom or the use of
approval marks indicating conformity with a type approved by
the United Kingdom may be authorised may include such con-
ditions as to testing or inspection and the payment of fees as
the Secretary of State may impose.
( 4 ) In this section-
" motor vehicle " means a mechanically propelled vehicle
or a vehicle designed or adapted for towing by a
mechanically propelled vehicle,
" motor vehicle part " means any article made or adapted
for use as part of a mechanically propelled vehicle or
a vehicle drawn by a mechanically propelled vehicle, or
for use as part of the equipment of any such vehicle,
and shall be treated as including any equipment for
the protection of drivers or passengers in or on a
motor vehicle notwithstanding that it does not form
part of, or of the equipment of, that vehicle ; and
" the competent authority " means, -
( a ) as respects any approval mark indicating
conformity with a type approved by the United
Kingdom, the Secretary of State ; and
( b) as respects any approval mark indicating con-
formity with a type approved by any other country.
the authority having power under the law of that
country to authorise the use of that mark.
Provisions as
64.-(1 ) If in any proceedings for an offence under section
to proceedings 40( 5) of this Act any question arises as to a weight of any des-
for certain
offences in
cription specified in the plating certificate for a goods vehicle,
connection
and a weight of that description is marked on the vehicle, it
with goods
shall be assumed, unless the contrary is proved, that the weight
vehicles.
marked on the vehicle is the weight so specified.
( 2 ) If in any proceedings for an offence under this Part of this
Act except sections 44 and 60 any question arises as to
the date of manufacture of a goods vehicle, a date purporting to
be such a date and marked on the vehicle in pursuance of
regulations under this Part of this Act shall be evidence (and in
Scotland sufficient evidence) that the vehicle was manufactured
on the date so marked.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 237
( 3) If in any proceedings for the offence of driving a goods
PART II
vehicle on a road, or causing or permitting a goods vehicle to
be so driven, in contravention of a prohibition under section
57(7) of this Act any question arises whether a weight of any
description has been reduced to a limit imposed by construction
and use requirements, the burden of proof shall lie on the
accused.
( 4 ) If in any proceedings in Scotland for an offence under
the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 or this Act any question 1967 c. 76.
arises as to a weight of any description in relation to a goods
vehicle, a certificate purporting to be signed by an inspector of
weights and measures and certifying the accuracy of a weigh-
bridge or other machine for weighing vehicles shall be sufficient
evidence of the facts stated therein, and where the inspector
is called as a witness his evidence shall be sufficient evidence of
the aforesaid facts .
ود
In this subsection " inspector of weights and measures has
the same meaning as in the Weights and Measures Act 1963, 1963 c. 31 .
except that it includes a chief inspector within the meaning of
thatAct.
65.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, the number of Restriction on
trailers, if any, which may be drawn by a motor vehicle on
number of
trailers drawn.a highway shall not exceed-
( a) in the case of a heavy locomotive or light locomotive,
three;
(b ) in the case of a motor tractor, one, if laden, or two,
if unladen ;
( c ) in the case of a motor car or a heavy motor car, one ;
or such less number as may be prescribed in relation to vehicles
of the respective classes aforesaid by regulations made by the
Secretary of State, and different regulations may be made under
this subsection as respects vehicles of those classes in different
circumstances.
( 2 ) Regulations under subsection (1) above may substitute,
in the case of such trailers or in such circumstances as may be
specified in the regulations, two for one as the number of
trailers that may be drawn by any class of vehicle so specified .
(3) For the purposes of this section the expression " trailer "
shall not include a vehicle used solely for carrying water for the
purposes of the drawing vehicle or an agricultural vehicle not
constructed to carry a load.
( 4 ) Where
(a) a motor car or heavy motor car is, in consequence of
a breakdown, being drawn by another motor vehicle,
and
c. 20
238 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
Regulation of
brakes, bells,
etc., on pedal
cycles.
( b) a trailer is so attached to the car that part of the trailer
is superimposed on the car and that , when the trailer
is uniformly loaded, not less than twenty per cent. of
the weight of its load is borne by the car,
then, if the trailer is unladen the car and trailer shall for the
purposes of this section be treated as a single trailer.
( 5 ) If a person causes or permits a trailer to be drawn in
contravention of this section he shall be guilty of an offence.
Provisions as to pedal cycles and horse-drawn vehicles
66.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations as to
the use on roads of cycles, not being motor vehicles, their con-
struction and equipment and the conditions under which they
may be so used and, in particular, but without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing provision , as to-
( a ) the number, nature and efficiency of brakes and their
maintenance in proper working order ;
( b) the appliances to be fitted for signalling approach and
their maintenance in proper working order ; and
(c) the testing and inspection, by persons authorised under
the regulations, of any equipment prescribed under
this subsection and of lighting equipment and
reflectors.
( 2) Regulations under this section may provide for repealing
byelaws dealing with the same subject matter as the regulations,
and for suspending while the regulations remain in force any
power of making such byelaws .
( 3) Regulations under this section may be made so as to
apply either generally or in such circumstances only as may
be specified in the regulations.
( 4) Regulations under this section as to the use on roads of
cycles may prohibit the sale or supply, or the offer of a sale
or supply, of a cycle for delivery in such a condition that the
use thereof on a road in that condition would be a contravention
of the regulations, but no provision made by virtue of this
subsection shall affect the validity of any contract or any rights
arising under a contract.
( 5) If a person sells, supplies or offers to sell or supply a
cycle in contravention of any prohibition imposed by regulations
made by virtue of subsection ( 4 ) above he shall be guilty of an
offence, unless he proves-
( a ) that it was sold, supplied or offered for export from
Great Britain ; or
( b) that he had reasonable cause to believe that it would
not be used on a road in Great Britain, or would not
be so used until it had been put into a condition in
which it might lawfully be so used.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 239
67.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations for PART II
regulating the number, nature and use of brakes, including skid- Regulation of
pans and locking-chains, in the case of vehicles drawn by horses brakes on
or other animals, or any class of such vehicles, when used onhorse-drawn
vehicles
roads .
( 2) Regulations under this section may be made for securing
that such brakes shall be efficient and kept in proper working
order, and for empowering persons authorised by or under the
regulations to test and inspect any such brakes, whether on a
road or elsewhere.
( 3) Regulations under this section may provide for repealing
byelaws dealing with the same subject matter as the regulations,
and for suspending while the regulations remain in force any
power of making such byelaws.
( 4 ) Regulations under this section may be made so as to
apply either generally or in such circumstances only as may be
specified in the regulations .
Provisions as to lighting of vehicles
68.- (1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of Obligatory
this Act and of any regulations made thereunder by the front and
lamps
Secretary of State , every vehicle on a road shall, without pre- andhead-
judice to the requirements of subsection ( 2) below , during the lamps.
hours of darkness carry-
( a ) two lamps, each showing to the front a white light
visible from a reasonable distance ; and
( b ) two lamps, each showing to the rear a red light visible
from a reasonable distance .
( 2 ) Subject as aforesaid, every vehicle on a road, being a
vehicle of any such class as may be prescribed, shall carry
such lamps or lamp designed to illuminate the road as may be
prescribed in relation to vehicles of that class.
(3) Regulations under subsection (2) above may make
different provision in relation to vehicles of different classes or
in relation to vehicles of any class when used in different
circumstances.
( 4 ) The lamps carried by a vehicle in pursuance of this
section shall be kept lit-
( a ) in the case of a lamp carried in pursuance of sub-
section ( 1) above, while the vehicle is on a road during
the hours of darkness ;
( b ) in the case of a lamp carried in pursuance of sub-
section (2) above, in such circumstances when the
vehicle is in motion on a road during the hours of
darkness as may be prescribed.
c . 20
240 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II Obligatory
reflectors.
Restriction on
the nature of
the lamps to
becarried.
( 5 ) The lamps carried by a vehicle in pursuance of sub-
sections ( 1) and (2) above shall comply with such conditions
as may be prescribed and shall, while the vehicle is on a road
during the hours of darkness, be attached to the vehicle in such
position and manner as may be prescribed.
( 6) The lamps carried by a vehicle in pursuance of sub-
section ( 1 ) above shall, while the vehicle is on a road during
the hours of darkness, be kept properly trimmed and in a
clean and efficient condition .
( 7) It shall be the duty of any person who causes or permits
a vehicle to be on any road during the hours of darkness to
provide the vehicle with lamps in accordance with the require-
ments of this and the following sections of this Part of this Act
and of any regulations made under those sections (other than
section 79) .
( 8) In this and the following sections of this Part of this
Act, " vehicle ", unless the context otherwise requires, means
a vehicle of any description and includes a machine or implement
of any kind drawn or propelled along roads whether by animal
or mechanical power.
69.-( 1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of
this Act, every vehicle on a road shall during the hours of
darkness carry attached to it two unobscured and efficient red
reflectors each facing to the rear.
( 2) It shall be the duty of any person who causes or permits
a vehicle to be on any road during the hours of darkness to
provide the vehicle with reflectors in accordance with the
requirements of this section and any regulations made for the
purposes thereof under the following provisions of this Part
of this Act.
70.-(1 ) No vehicle shall, subject to the provisions of section
79 of this Act and of any regulations made under section 78 (5)
thereof, show-
( a ) a red light to the front, or
( b) any light to the rear, other than a red light or a white
light for the purpose of reversing.
( 2) Paragraph (b) of subsection (1) above shall not prevent a
vehicle from carrying a lamp showing a light to the rear for the
purposes of-
(a ) the internal illumination of the vehicle, or
( b) (subject to subsection ( 3) below) illuminating a number
plate, taxi meter, or any device for giving signals to
overtaking traffic, or
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 241
( c ) in the case of a public passenger vehicle, illuminating
boards, plates or devices indicating the route or
destination of the vehicle ;
and the said paragraph (b) shall not prevent a bicycle or tricycle
from carrying amber coloured reflectors which are attached to
or incorporated in or form part of the pedals of the bicycle or
tricycle notwithstanding that any such reflectors show a light
to the rear.
(3) Subsection (2) (b) above shall not authorise a vehicle of
any class to carry a lamp showing a light to the rear for the
purpose of illuminating any device for giving signals to overtak-
ing traffic other than a device of a type required or authorised
to be carried on a vehicle of that class by virtue of section 40
of this Act.
PART II
71.-( 1) Unless otherwise provided by the Secretary of State Restriction on
by regulation, and subject to subsection ( 2) below, no light movement
shown by a vehicle, other than a dipping headlight, shall be of lamps.
moved by swivelling, deflecting or otherwise while the vehicle
is in motion.
( 2 ) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply to amber coloured
reflectors which are attached to or incorporated in or form part
of the pedals of a bicycle or tricycle .
72.- ( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, nothing in sections 68 Multi- purpose
to 78 of this Act shall require a vehicle to carry separate lamps and
lamps for different purposes, if it carries a lamp satisfying all combined lamps and
the requirements which would be applicable to separate lamps reflectors.
carried by it for those purposes.
( 2) Subsection ( 1) above shall not apply in relation to anv
requirement to carry a headlamp under section 68(2) of this
Act , but regulations may authorise the combination in a single
unit of such a lamp and a lamp required to be carried by
section 68 ( 1)(a) of this Act.
(3) Where a vehicle's tail lamp is so constructed that, when
not showing a light, it is an efficient red reflector facing to the
rear and complying with any regulations made for the purposes
of section 69 of this Act and for the purposes of this sub-
section which apply to the vehicle, it shall be treated for those
purposes as being such a reflector when it is, as well as when
it is not, showing a light.
73.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations prescribe Regulation of
the conditions to be complied with by any of the following position,
lamps carried by a vehicle, namely-
character,
use, etc. , of
( a) any lamp showing a light to the front ;
lamps and
reflectors .
c. 20
242 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II ( b) any lamp showing a white light to the rear for the
purpose of reversing ; and
( c ) any lamp carried in pursuance of any of the provisions
of sections 68 to 78 of this Act or of any regulations
made thereunder and showing a red light to the rear ;
and, without prejudice to the foregoing, the conditions subject
to which the lamps described in paragraphs (a ) and ( b) above
may be used .
( 2) Regulations under subsection (1) above may make
different provision in relation to vehicles of different classes or
in relation to vehicles of the same class in different
circumstances .
( 3) The conditions which may be prescribed by regulations
under subsection ( 1) above as conditions to be complied with
by any lamp shall include conditions with respect to
( a) position and manner of attachment to the vehicle ;
(b) power, intensity, colour and angle of projection of
light ;
(c) height, width and range of illumination of beam ;
( d) provision for obscuration or deflection of light or beam ;
and such regulations may provide for the method by which the
height, width or range of illumination of a beam is to be
ascertained.
( 4) Regulations under subsection ( 1 ) above may make
special provision, in relation to any class of vehicle, as to the
position in which a lamp carried for the purposes both of
paragraph (a ) and of paragraph (b) of section 68(1) of this Act
is to be attached ; and in a case for which special provision is
so made the reference in section 72(1) of this Act to the
requirements which would be applicable to separate lamps shall
not include the requirements of any regulations as to the position
of a separate lamp carried for the purposes of the said para-
graph (a) or (b) .
( 5) The Secretary of State may by regulations prescribe the
conditions to be complied with by any reflector carried in
pursuance of any of the provisions of sections 69 to 78 of this
Act or of any regulations made thereunder, and the position
and manner in which it is to be attached; and any regulations
made under this subsection may make different provision in
relation to vehicles of different classes or in relation to vehicles
of the same class in different circumstances .
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 243
74. In the application of sections 68 to 73 of this Act ( except
PART II
so far as those sections relate to any head lamps required to Bicycles,
be carried under section 68(2) thereof ) to bicycles, tricycles and tricycles and
invalid carriages the following modifications shall apply : - invalid
carriages.
( a) in the case of a bicycle not having a side- car attached
thereto, whether propelled by mechanical power or
not, or of a tricycle not propelled by mechanical
power, or of an invalid carriage, only a single lamp
showing a white light to the front instead of two such
lamps need be carried ;
( b ) in the case of a bicycle or tricycle not propelled by
mechanical power, or of a bicycle propelled by
mechanical power and not having a side-car attached
thereto-
( i) only a single lamp showing a red light to the
rear instead of two such lamps, and
(ii) only a single red reflector instead of two such
reflectors,
need be carried ;
( c ) in the case of a bicycle not having a side-car attached
thereto, whether propelled by mechanical power or
not, or of a tricycle not propelled by mechanical power,
no lamp need be carried if the bicycle or tricycle is
being wheeled by a person on foot as near as possible
to the near or left hand edge of the carriageway ;
( d ) in the case of a bicycle or tricycle not propelled by
mechanical power, no light required by the said sec-
tions 68 to 73 need be shown, if the bicycle or tricycle
is stationary owing to the exigencies of the traffic or in
order to comply with any traffic signal or direction,
and the bicycle or tricycle is as near as possible to the
near or left hand edge of the carriageway :
Provided that the provisions of paragraph (d ) above shall
have effect only until such day as the Secretary of State may by
order made by statutory instrument appoint.
75.- ( 1) In the application of sections 68 to 73 of this Act Horse - drawn
( except so far as those sections relate to any head lamps required agricultural
to be carried under section 68( 2 ) thereof ) to vehicles drawn vehicles.
by horses or other animals the following modifications shall
apply:-
( a ) any vehicle engaged for the time being in carrying
agricultural produce of an inflammable nature in the
course of the internal operations of a farm shall be
exempted from carrying lamps ;
( b) without prejudice to paragraph (a) above, in the case
of an agricultural implement or of any vehicle used
c. 20
244 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
for the time being by a person engaged in agriculture
for the conveyance of his agricultural produce or
articles required by him for use in agriculture
( i) only one lamp showing a light to the front
need be carried, and that lamp shall be attached to
the off or right hand side of the vehicle, and
(ii) subject to the provisions of section 76 of this
Act, a lamp showing a red light to the rear need not
be carried.
( 2) In this section " agriculture " includes the use of land as
meadow land or pasture land, or orchard land or for market
gardens or allotments, but does not include the use of land as
woodlands, and " agricultural " shall be construed accordingly.
Vehicles
76.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to sections 68 to 75 of this Act,
carrying overhanging or projecting loads.
where a vehicle on a road during the hours of darkness carries
a load overhanging laterally on any side more than twelve inches
from the centre of the outermost of the lamps showing a white
light to the front on that side, the vehicle shall carry, in sub-
stitution for or in addition to that lamp, a lamp showing to the
front a white light visible from a reasonable distance and in such
aposition that no part of the load overhangs laterally more than
twelve inches beyond a vertical line through the centre of the
substituted or additional lamp.
( 2) Subject to subsection (3) below, where a vehicle on a
road during the hours of darkness carries a load projecting to
the rear more than three and a half feet behind its tail lamp,
the vehicle shall carry a rear lamp in such a position that no
part of the load projects to the rear more than three and a half
feet behind that rear lamp.
In this section " rear lamp " means a lamp showing to the
rear a red light visible from a reasonable distance.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by regulations direct that in
relation to vehicles of any prescribed class subsection (2 ) above
shall have effect with the substitution, for references to three and
a half feet, of references to such longer distance, not being
more than six feet, as may be prescribed in respect of vehicles
of that class.
( 4) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide that,
subject to any prescribed exceptions, where a vehicle on a road
during the hours of darkness carries a load overhanging laterally
by more than the prescribed distance (measured from such point
as may be specified in the regulations ), the vehicle shall carry
a rear lamp in the prescribed position to indicate the overhang ;
and any such regulations may apply to a vehicle otherwise
exempted from carrying a rear lamp by section 77 of this Act.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 245
(5) Every rear lamp carried in pursuance of this section
PART II
or regulations made under it shall comply with the prescribed
conditions and shall, subject to subsection (6) below, be carried
in addition to the tail lamp.
(6 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations exempt a vehicle
carrying a rear lamp in pursuance of this section from carry-
ing a tail lamp or from carrying two tail lamps .
( 7 ) Nothing in section 75( 1 )(b) of this Act shall exempt any
implement or vehicle to which that paragraph applies from com-
plying with subsections (2) to (5) above or any regulations made
under them, but in relation to any such implement or vehicle
a reference to the red reflectors required by section 69( 1) of this
Act shall be substituted for the reference in subsection (2) above
to the tail lamp.
77.-( 1) In the application of sections 68 to 76 of this Act Vehicles
( except so far as those sections relate to any head lamps required towing and
to be carried under section 68(2) thereof ) in the case of a vehicle being towed .
drawing one or more vehicles the following modifications shall,
subject to the following provisions of this section, apply : -
(a) lamps showing lights to the front need not be carried
on any vehicle being drawn ;
(b) lamps showing red lights to the rear need not be carried
on any of the vehicles except the rearmost vehicle ;
(c) reflectors facing to the rear need not be carried on any
of the vehicles except the rearmost vehicle or a vehicle
more than five feet from the vehicle behind it.
( 2) If the distance between any two of the vehicles exceeds
five feet, then as respects any light to be shown to the rear the
foremost of the two vehicles, and as respects any light to be
shown to the front the rearmost of the two vehicles, shall be
required to carry the same lamps as if the one were not drawing
the other.
( 3) If a vehicle being drawn or any load carried thereon
projects laterally on any side more than twelve inches beyond
the outermost of the lamps showing a white light to the front
on that side carried by the vehicle by which it is being drawn
or by any preceding vehicle which is also being drawn by the
same vehicle, the first -mentioned vehicle shall carry on the side
on which the vehicle or its load so projects a lamp showing to
the front a white light visible from a reasonable distance in such
a position that no part of the vehicle or its load projects laterally
more than twelve inches beyond a vertical line through the centre
of the lamp required to be carried by this subsection.
c. 20
246 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
( 4 ) This section shall have effect subject to the provisions
of any regulations made under section 76( 4) of this Act in the
case of any vehicles to which those regulations apply.
(5) For the purposes of this section, the distance between two
vehicles shall be measured between the nearest points of those
vehicles, disregarding the drawbar and any fitting for its attach-
ment.
Powers of
78.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations exempt
exemptionand either wholly or partly from any of the requirements of sections
variation of
requirements. 68 to 77 of this Act-
(a) vehicles while carrying inflammable or explosive goods
of a nature specified in the regulations, or when in a
place where inflammable or explosive material of a
nature so specified is handled or stored, if an applica-
tion is made for the purpose by any body which in the
opinion of the Secretary of State is a body proper to
make such an application ;
( b) any vehicles used for naval, military or air force
purposes ;
(c) vehicles standing or parked on any road with respect
to which a speed limit on the driving of mechanically
propelled vehicles is in force by virtue of any enact-
ment, or on any road verge or in any parking place or
any stand for hackney carriages ;
( d ) vehicles drawn or propelled by hand.
(2) The Secretary of State may by regulations add to or vary
the requirements of the said sections 68 to 77, and require or
permit distinctive lamps to be carried displaying lights of such
colour and used under such conditions as may be prescribed,
in the case of-
( a ) vehicles used as public passenger vehicles or any class
thereof or as hackney carriages ;
( b) vehicles used for naval, military, air force or police
purposes, or as ambulances, or for any other special
purposes mentioned in the regulations ;
and where distinctive lamps are so required or permitted,
prohibit similar lamps being carried by any other vehicles.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by regulations increase, in
relation to vehicles of any class specified in the regulations, the
number of tail lamps required by section 68( 1)( b) of this Act.
( 4 ) Regulations made under subsection ( 3) above may make
different provision in relation to vehicles of different classes
or in relation to vehicles of any class when used in different
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 247
circumstances ; and any such regulations may modify the pro-
visions of section 74 of this Act so far as it relates to the tail
lamps of vehicles to which the regulations apply.
( 5) The Secretary of State may, notwithstanding anything in
section 70 of this Act, by regulations make provision-
( a) requiring or authorising a light of a prescribed colour
to be shown by the prescribed means to the rear of a
vehicle of any prescribed class ; and
( b ) where any such light is required or authorised by the
regulations to be so shown by means of reflecting or
fluorescent material, provision imposing conditions
with respect to the material, its position and
dimensions
( 6 ) Without prejudice to the powers conferred by the fore-
going provisions of this section, the Secretary of State may by
regulations exempt, either wholly or partly, from the require-
ments of section 69 of this Act, vehicles of any particular class.
( 7) Regulations under any of the provisions of sections 68 to
77 of this Act or this section granting exemptions from any of
the requirements thereof-
( a) may grant exemptions from any such requirement in
such cases as may be specified in the regulations and
subject to such conditions as may be specified in or
under the regulations ; and
(b) may make different provisions as respects different areas ,
as respects different classes of vehicles or as respects
the same class of vehicles in different circumstances .
PART II
79.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide Power to
that, subject to any exemptions prescribed by the regulations, - impose
( a) where the length of a vehicle, or the overall length of additional requirements
two or more vehicles of which one is drawing the other for vehicles
or others, inclusive of any load on the vehicle or over prescribed
vehicles, exceeds a length so prescribed, the vehicle length and
or vehicles shall when on a road during the hours of trailers.
darkness carry such lamps or reflectors each showing
a light, or as the case may be facing, to the side as may
be so prescribed ;
(b) a vehicle constructed or adapted so as to be drawn by
another vehicle shall when on a road during the hours
of darkness carry such lamps each showing a light to
the front or the side, or both, as may be prescribed ;
and any such regulations may prescribe the conditions with
which lamps or reflectors carried on a vehicle in pursuance of
the regulations must comply and the position and manner in
c . 20
248 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II
Application
of ss. 68 to 79
to reflecting
material.
which they are to be attached, and may make different provi-
sion in respect of vehicles of different classes or in respect of
vehicles of the same class in different circumstances.
( 2) Any lamps or reflectors required to be carried by virtue
of this section shall be carried in addition to, and not instead of,
those required to be carried by or by virtue of the provisions of
sections 68 to 78 of this Act, and accordingly any such lamps or
reflectors shall for the purposes of those provisions , and in
particular section 70 of this Act, be treated as not showing a
light to the front or to the rear .
80. It is hereby declared for the avoidance of doubt that
material designed primarily to reflect white light as light of that
or another colour is, when reflecting light, to be treated for the
purposes of sections 68 to 79 of this Act as showing a light ,
and material capable of reflecting an image is not, when reflect-
ing the image of a light, to be so treated.
Offences.
Interpretation
ofPart II .
81.-( 1 ) If any person causes or permits any vehicle to
be on any road in contravention of any of the provisions of
sections 68 to 79 of this Act or of regulations made thereunder
or otherwise fails to comply with any of those provisions he
shall be guilty of an offence :
Provided that it shall be a defence for a person driving or
being in charge of a vehicle who is charged with an offence
under this subsection to prove to the satisfaction of the court
that the offence arose through the negligence or default of
some other person whose duty it was to provide the vehicle
with any lamp or reflector.
( 2 ) If any person sells, or offers or exposes for sale, any
appliance adapted for use as a reflector or tail lamp to be
carried on a vehicle in accordance with the provisions of this
Act or of any regulations made thereunder, not being an
appliance which complies with the conditions prescribed under
sections 68 to 79 of this Act for a class of vehicles for which
the appliance is adapted, he shall be guilty of an offence.
Supplementary
82. In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise
requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby
assigned to them respectively, that is to say--
" construction and use requirement " has the meaning
assigned to it in section 40(7) of this Act ;
Road Traffic Act 1972 249
c. 20
" goods vehicle test certificate " has the meaning assigned
PART II
to it in section 45(1) of this Act ;
" hours of darkness " means the time between half -an -hour
after sunset and half - an- hour before sunrise ;
" licensing authority " means a licensing authority for the
purposes of Part V of the Transport Act 1968 ; 1968 с. 73.
" manufacturer's certificate " has the meaning assigned to
it in section 47(5) of this Act ;
Minister's approval certificate " has the meaning assigned
to it in section 47(8) of this Act ;
" plating certificate " has the meaning assigned to it in
section 45( 1) of this Act ;
" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the
Secretary of State ;
" public passenger vehicle " means a vehicle (other than a
tramcar) carrying passengers for hire or reward on
roads;
" sold or supplied by retail " means sold or supplied other-
wise than to a person acquiring solely for the purpose
of resale or of re-supply for a valuable consideration ;
" tail lamp " means, in relation to a vehicle, any lamp
carried attached to the vehicle for the purpose of
showing a red light to the rear in accordance with
section 68 ( 1 ) (b) of this Act or regulations under any
of sections 68 to 79 thereof ;
" test certificate " has the meaning assigned to it in section
43(2) of this Act ;
" traffic area ود
has the same meaning as in Part III of
the Road Traffic Act 1960 ;
1960 с. 16.
" type approval certificate " has the meaning assigned to
it in section 47( 4) of this Act ;
83.-( 1 ) Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State by Administrative
virtue of sections 43, 45, 47 to 50 or 57 shall be defrayed out of expenses,
moneys provided by Parliament. appointment
ofofficials
and destina-
(2) Subject to the consent of the Civil Service Department as tion of fees.
to number, the Secretary of State may appoint such officers and
servants as he considers necessary for the operation of the pro-
visions of sections 56 to 58 of this Act.
( 3) There shall be paid to goods vehicle examiners appointed
for the purposes of the said sections 56 to 58 such remuneration
or salaries and such allowances, if any, as the Secretary of State
may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine.
c. 20
250 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART II ( 4) In every year there shall be paid out of moneys provided
by Parliament such sums as the Secretary of State may, with the
consent of the Treasury, direct in respect of remuneration,
salaries and allowances under subsection (3) above and the other
expenses of examiners .
( 5 ) Any sum received by the Secretary of State in pursuance of
sections 43, 45, 47 to 50 or 63 of this Act shall be paid into
the Consolidated Fund.
PART III
LICENSING OF DRIVERS OF VEHICLES
Driving licences
Drivers of
84.-( 1) It shall be an offence for a person to drive on a road
motor vehicles a motor vehicle of any class if he is not the holder of a licence
to have
driving
authorising him to drive a motor vehicle of that class.
licences.
( 2) It shall be an offence for a person to employ a person
to drive on a road a motor vehicle of any class if the person
employed is not the holder of a licence authorising him to drive
a motor vehicle of that class.
( 3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section ,
a person may, without holding a licence, act as steersman of a
motor vehicle, being a vehicle on which a speed limit of five
miles per hour or less is imposed by or under section 78 of the
1967 с. 76.
Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967, under the orders of another
person engaged in the driving of the vehicle who is licensed in
that behalf in accordance with the requirements of this Part of
this Act and Part IV of this Act, and a person may employ
another person who is not the holder of a licence so to act.
( 4) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section,
a person may at any time drive or employ another person to
drive a vehicle of any class if-
( a ) the driver has held and is entitled to obtain a licence
to drive vehicles of that class ; and
( b) an application by the driver for the grant of such a
licence for a period which includes that time has been
received by the Secretary of State or such a licence
granted to him has been revoked or surrendered in
pursuance of section 89 of this Act ; and
( c) any conditions which by virtue of section 88( 2) or (4)
of this Act apply to the driving under the authority of
the licence of vehicles of that class are complied with ;
but the benefit of the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall
not extend beyond the date when a licence is granted in pursuance
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 251
of the application mentioned in paragraph ( b) above or, as the case may be, in pursuance of subsection ( 4) of the said section
89 in consequence of the revocation or surrender so mentioned
nor ( in a case where a licence is not in fact so granted ) beyond
the expiration of the period for which it fell to be granted.
PART III
(5) Regulations may provide that a person who becomes
resident in Great Britain shall, during the prescribed period
after he becomes so resident, be treated for the purposes of sub-
sections (1 ) and (2) above as the holder of a licence authorising
him to drive motor vehicles of the prescribed classes if he satisfies
the prescribed conditions and is the holder of a permit of the
prescribed description authorising him to drive vehicles under
the law of a country outside the United Kingdom ; and the
regulations may provide for the application of any enactment
relating to licences or licence holders, with or without modifica-
tions, in relation to any such permit and its holder respectively.
85.-(1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act as Tests of
to provisional licences , a licence authorising the driving of competence
motor vehicles of any class shall not be granted to a person
to drive
unless he satisfies the Secretary of State-
(a) that at some time during the period of ten years ending
on the date of coming into force of the licence applied
for he has passed the test of competence to drive pre-
scribed by virtue of subsection ( 2) below or a test of
competence which under subsection ( 4 ) below is a
sufficient test, or
( b) that within the said period of ten years he has held a
licence authorising the driving of vehicles of that class,
not being a provisional licence or a licence granted by
virtue of section 99( 4) of the Road Traffic Act 1960, or 1960 c. 16.
( c) that within the said period of ten years he has held a
licence granted under a relevant external law to drive
vehicles of that class, not being a licence corresponding
to a provisional licence or a licence granted under any
provision of that law corresponding to the said section
99( 4) , and is not, at the time of application for the
licence, disqualified under that law for holding or
obtaining a licence thereunder to drive vehicles of any
class.
For the purposes of paragraph (c) above " relevant external
law " means the law for the time being in force in Northern
Ireland, that for the time being in force in the Isle of Man or
that for the time being in force in any of the Channel Islands
that corresponds to this Part of this Act .
c. 20
252 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART III ( 2) Regulations may make provision with respect to the nature
of tests of competence to drive for the purposes of this section,
to the qualifications, selection and appointment of persons by
whom they may be conducted and to the revocation of any
appointment, to evidence of the results thereof and generally
with respect thereto, and in particular, but without prejudice to
the generality of the foregoing provisions, regulations having
effect by virtue of this subsection may provide
( a) for requiring a person submitting himself for a test to
provide a vehicle for the purposes thereof ;
( b ) for requiring a fee of such amount as may be specified
in the regulations to be paid by a person who submits
himself for a test or applies for an appointment for a
test ;
(c ) for ensuring that a person submitting himself for a test
and failing to pass that test shall not be eligible to
submit himself to another test by the same or any other
person before the expiration of a period specified in
the regulations except under an order made by a court
or sheriff under the power conferred by subsection (3)
below ;
and different regulations may be made with respect to tests
of competence to drive different classes of vehicles .
( 3) A magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area in
which a person who has submitted himself for a test of compet-
ence to drive resides, or if he resides in Scotland, the sheriff
within whose jurisdiction he resides, shall have power on the
application of that person to determine whether the test was
properly conducted in accordance with the regulations and, if
it appears to the court or sheriff that the test was not so con-
ducted, the court or sheriff may order that the applicant shall
be eligible to submit himself to another test before the expiration
of the period specified for the purposes of subsection (2) (c) above
and may order that any fee payable by the applicant in respect
of the test shall not be paid or, if it has been paid, shall be
repaid.
( 4) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection ( 1) above
a test of competence shall be sufficient for the granting of a
licence authorising the driving of-
(a) vehicles of any class, if at the time the test was passed
it authorised the granting of a licence to drive vehicles
of that class ;
( b) vehicles of any classes which are designated by regula-
tions as a group for the purposes of the said paragraph
( a), if at the said time the test authorised the granting
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 253
of a licence to drive vehicles of any class included
PART III
in the group ;
and if vehicles of any classes are designated by regulations as a
group for the purposes of paragraph ( b) of subsection (1) above,
a licence authorising the driving of vehicles of a class included
in the group shall be deemed for the purposes of the said
paragraph (b) to authorise the driving of vehicles of all classes
included in the group.
( 5 ) The last reference in subsection (4) above and the first
reference in paragraph (b) of subsection ( 1) above to a licence
do not include a licence which has been revoked in pursuance of
section 89(2) of this Act.
86. A fee paid in pursuance of regulations made under section Repayment of
85( 2) of this Act on application for an appointment for a test test fees.
may be repaid in the following cases and not otherwise, that
is to say : -
(a) if no such appointment is made, or an appointment made
is subsequently cancelled by or on behalf of the
Secretary of State ;
( b ) if the person for whom the appointment is made gives
such notice cancelling the appointment as may be
prescribed for the purposes of this paragraph by regula-
tions made as aforesaid ;
( c ) if the person for whom the appointment is made keeps
the appointment, but the test does not take place, or
is not completed, for reasons attributable neither to
him nor to any vehicle provided by him for the purposes
of the test ; or
( d ) if an order for the repayment of the fee is made by the
court under section 85(3) of this Act pursuant to a
finding that the test was not properly conducted in
accordance with the regulations .
87.-(1 ) An application for the grant of a licence shall Requirements
include a declaration by the applicant , in such form as the as to physical
Secretary of State may require, stating whether he is suffering or drivers.
fitness of
has at any time (or, if a period is prescribed for the purposes of
this subsection, has during that period ) suffered from any
prescribed disability or from any other disability likely to cause
the driving of a vehicle by him in pursuance of the licence to be
a source of danger to the public (such prescribed or other
disability being hereafter in this section referred to as a " relevant
disability ") .
c. 20
254 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART III ( 2 ) If it appears from the declaration aforesaid, or if on
inquiry the Secretary of State is satisfied from other informa-
tion, that the applicant is suffering from a relevant disability,
then, subject to the following provisions of this section, the
Secretary of State shall refuse to grant the licence.
( 3) The Secretary of State shall not by virtue of subsection (2)
above refuse to grant a licence-
( a ) on account of any relevant disability, if the applicant
has at any time passed a relevant test and it does not
appear to the Secretary of State that the disability
has arisen or become more acute since that time or
was, for whatever reason, not disclosed to the Secretary
of State at that time ;
( b) on account of any relevant disability which is prescribed
for the purposes of this paragraph, if the applicant
satisfies such conditions as may be prescribed with
a view to authorising the grant of a licence to a person
in whose case the disability is appropriately controlled ;
( c ) on account of any relevant disability other than a
disability prescribed for the purposes of this paragraph,
if the application is for a provisional licence.
( 4 ) If as the result of a test of competence to drive the
Secretary of State is satisfied that the person who took the
test is suffering from a disability such that there is likely to be
danger to the public-
(a) if he drives any vehicle, or
( b) if he drives a vehicle other than a vehicle of a particular
construction or design,
the Secretary of State shall serve notice in writing to that effect
on that person and shall include in the notice a description of
the disability ; and where a notice is served in pursuance of
this subsection, then-
( i) if the notice is in pursuance of paragraph ( a) of this
subsection and the disability is not prescribed for the
purposes of subsection (3)(c) above, it shall be deemed
to be so prescribed in relation to the person aforesaid ;
and
(ii ) if the notice is in pursuance of paragraph (b) of this
subsection, any licence granted to that person shall
be limited to vehicles of the particular construction
or design specified in the notice.
( 5) If the Secretary of State is at any time satisfied on
inquiry-
( a) that the licence holder is suffering from a relevant
disability, and
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 255
( b) that the Secretary of State would be required by virtue of subsection (2) or (4) (ii) above to refuse an application
for the licence made by him at that time,
the Secretary of State may serve notice in writing on the licence
holder revoking the licence at the expiration of a period specified
in the notice which shall not be less than seven nor more than
thirty days and shall begin with the date of service of the notice ;
and it shall be the duty of a person whose licence is revoked
under this subsection to deliver up the licence to the Secretary
ofState forthwith after the revocation .
PART III
( 6 ) In this section-
disability " includes disease ; and
" relevant test ", in relation to an application for a licence,
means any such test of competence as is mentioned in
section 85 of this Act or a test as to fitness or ability
in pursuance of section 100 of the Road Traffic Act 1960 c. 16.
1960 as originally enacted, being a test authorising the
grant of a licence in respect of vehicles of the classes
to which the application relates ;
and for the purposes of subsection (3)(a ) above a person to
whom a licence was granted after the making of a declaration
under paragraph ( c ) of the proviso to section 5( 2) of the Road 1930 c. 43.
Traffic Act 1930 ( which contained transitional provisions with
respect to certain disabilities) shall be treated as having passed,
at the time of the declaration, a relevant test in respect of
vehicles of the classes to which the licence related.
88.-( 1) Subject to section 87 of this Act, the Secretary of Grant of
State shall, on payment of the prescribed fee, grant a licence to licences.
a person who-
( a ) makes an application for it in such manner and con-
taining such particulars as the Secretary of State may
specify ; and
( b) furnishes the Secretary of State with such evidence or
further evidence in support of the application as the
Secretary of State may require ; and
( c) surrenders to the Secretary of State any previous licence
granted to him after 1st June 1970 or furnishes the
Secretary of State with an explanation for not surrender-
ing it which the Secretary of State considers adequate ;
and
( d ) is not disqualified by reason of age or otherwise from
obtaining the licence for which he makes the application
and is not prevented from obtaining it by the provisions
of section 85 of this Act.
c. 20
256 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART III ( 2) If the application aforesaid states that it is made for the
purpose of enabling the applicant to drive a motor vehicle with
a view to passing a test of competence to drive, any licence
granted in pursuance of the application shall be a provisional
licence for that purpose, and nothing in section 85 of this Act
shall apply to such a licence ; but a provisional licence-
( a) shall be granted subject to prescribed conditions ;
( b) shall, in any cases prescribed for the purposes of this
paragraph, be restricted so as to authorise only the
driving of vehicles of the classes so prescribed ; and
(c ) shall not authorise a person to drive a motor cycle
whereof the cylinder capacity of the engine exceeds
250 cubic centimetres, not being a vehicle having three
wheels, unless he has passed the test of competence
to drive prescribed under section 85 of this Act.
( 3) A licence shall be in such form as the Secretary of State
may determine and shall-
(a) state whether, apart from subsection ( 4) below, it autho-
rises its holder to drive motor vehicles of all classes or
of certain classes only and, in the latter case, specify
those classes ;
(b) specify any restrictions to which, under the provisions
of section 4 or this Part of this Act, its holder is
subject as respects the driving of vehicles of any class
in pursuance of the licence ;
( c ) in the case of a provisional licence, specify the condi-
tions subject to which it is granted ; and
( d ) where by virtue of subsection ( 4 ) below the licence
authorises its holder to drive vehicles of classes other
than those specified in the licence in pursuance of
paragraph (a) above, contain such statements as the
Secretary of State considers appropriate for indicating
the effect of that subsection.
( 4) A licence which, apart from this subsection, authorises its
holder to drive motor vehicles of certain classes only shall also
authorise him to drive motor vehicles of all other classes subject
to the same conditions as if he were authorised by a provisional
licence to drive the last -mentioned vehicles ; but a licence shall
not by virtue of this subsection authorise a person to drive-
( a) a vehicle which he is prohibited from driving by
section 4 of this Act, or
(b) such a motor cycle as is mentioned in paragraph (c) of
subsection (2) above, unless he has passed the test of
competence to drive prescribed under section 85 of
thisAct .
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 257
( 5 ) In subsection (4 ) above the first reference to a licence does
PART III
not include a reference to a licence granted before 1st June
1970 or a provisional licence granted thereafter or any other
licence of a description prescribed for the purposes of this sub-
section.
(6 ) A person who fails to comply with any condition applic-
able to him by virtue of subsection (2) or (4 ) above shall be
guilty of an offence.
89.- (1) A licence shall, unless previously revoked or Duration of
surrendered, remain in force- licences.
( a ) except in a case falling within paragraph (b) or (c) of
this subsection, for a period of three years or, if the
Secretary of State so determines in the case of a licence
to be granted to a person appearing to him to be
suffering from a relevant disability within the meaning
of section 87 of this Act, for such shorter period, not
less than one year, as the Secretary of State may
determine ;
( b) in the case of a licence granted in exchange for a
subsisting licence and in pursuance of an application
requesting a licence for the period authorised by this
paragraph, for a period equal to the remainder of that
for which the subsisting licence was granted ; and
(c) in the case of a provisional licence, for a period of one
year ;
and any such period shall begin with the date on which the
licence in question is expressed to come into force.
(2) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that a licence
granted by him to any person is required to be endorsed in
pursuance of any enactment or was granted in error or with
an error or omission in the particulars specified in the licence
or required to be so endorsed on it, the Secretary of State may
serve notice in writing on that person revoking the licence
and requiring him to deliver up the licence forthwith to the
Secretary of State.
(3) Where the name or address of the licence holder as
specified in a licence ceases to be correct, its holder shall forth-
with surrender the licence to the Secretary of State and furnish
to him particulars of the alterations falling to be made in the
name or address and, in the case of a provisional licence as
respects which the prescribed conditions are satisfied, with a
statement of his sex and date of birth ; and a person who fails
to comply with the provisions of this subsection shall be guilty
of an offence.
I
c . 20
258 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART III
Appeals
relating to
licences.
Driving with
uncorrected
defective
eyesight.
( 4) On the surrender of a licence by any person in pursuance
of subsection (2) or (3) above, the Secretary of State-
( a) shall, except where the licence was granted in error or
is surrendered in pursuance of the said subsection (2)
in consequence of an error or omission appearing to
the Secretary of State to be attributable to that per-
son's fault or in consequence of a current disqualifica-
tion, and
( b) may in such an excepted case which does not involve
a current disqualification,
grant to that person free of charge a new licence for the period
for which the surrendered licence was granted.
90.-(1 ) A person who is aggrieved by the Secretary of
State's-
( a) refusal to grant or revocation of a licence in pursuance
of section 87 of this Act, or
(b) grant of a licence for less than three years in pursuance
of section 89( 1) (a) of this Act, or
(c) revocation of a licence in pursuance of section 89(2)
of this Act,
or by a notice served on him in pursuance of section 87( 4) of
this Act may, after giving to the Secretary of State notice of
his intention to do so, appeal to a magistrates' court acting for
the petty sessions area in which he resides or, if he resides in
Scotland, to the sheriff within whose jurisdiction he resides ; and
on any such appeal the court or sheriff may make such order
as it or he thinks fit and the order shall be binding on the
Secretary of State.
( 2 ) It is hereby declared that, without prejudice to section
85( 3) of this Act, in any proceedings under this section the
court or sheriff is not entitled to entertain any question as to
whether the appellant passed a test of competence to drive if
he was declared by the person who conducted it to have
failed it.
91.-( 1) If a person drives a motor vehicle on a road while
his eyesight is such (whether through a defect which cannot
be or one which is not for the time being sufficiently corrected)
that he cannot comply with any requirement as to eyesight
prescribed under this Part of this Act for the purposes of tests
of competence to drive, he shall be guilty of an offence.
(2) A constable having reason to suspect that a person driving
a motor vehicle may be guilty of an offence under subsection
(1) above may require him to submit to a test for the purpose
of ascertaining whether, using no other means of correction than
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 259
he used at the time of driving, he can comply with the said requirement as to eyesight ; and if that person refuses to submit
to the test he shall be guilty of an offence.
PART III
92. If, in any proceedings for an offence committed in respect Notification
of a motor vehicle , it appears to the court that the accused may disability.
of disease or
be suffering from any disease or physical disability which would
be likely to cause the driving by him of a motor vehicle to be
a source of danger to the public, the court shall notify the
Secretary of State.
Anotice sent by a court to the Secretary of State in pursuance
of this section shall be sent in such manner and to such address
and contain such particulars as the Secretary of State may
determine.
Disqualification and endorsement of licences
93.-( 1 ) Where a person is convicted of an offence- Disqualifica-
tion on
( a) under a provision of this Act specified in column 1 ofconviction
Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act in relation to which of certain
there appears in column 5 of that Part the word offences.
"
obligatory " or the word " obligatory " qualified by
conditions or circumstances relating to the offence ; and
( b) where the said word " obligatory " is so qualified, the
conditions or circumstances are satisfied or obtain in
the case of the offence of which he is convicted ;
or where a person is convicted of the offence specified in Part II
of that Schedule ( any such offence being in this Part of this Act
referred to as an " offence involving obligatory disqualification ")
the court shall order him to be disqualified for such period not
less than twelve months as the court thinks fit unless the court for
special reasons thinks fit to order him to be disqualified for a
shorter period or not to order him to be disqualified.
( 2 ) Where a person is convicted of an offence-
( a ) under a provision of this Act specified in column 1 of
Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act in relation to which
there appears in column 5 of that Part the word
"
discretionary " or the word " discretionary " qualified
by conditions or circumstances relating to the offence ;
and
(b) where the said word " discretionary " is so qualified, the
conditions or circumstances are satisfied or obtain in
the case of the offence of which he is convicted ;
or where a person is convicted of an offence specified in Part III
of that Schedule (any such offence being in this Part of this Act
12
c. 20
260 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART III
1962 с. 59.
1960 с. 16.
1903 с. 36.
referred to as an " offence involving discretionary disqualifica-
tion ") , the court may order him to be disqualified for such period
as the court thinks fit.
( 3) Where a person convicted of an offence involving obli-
gatory or discretionary disqualification has within the three years
immediately preceding the commission of the offence been con-
victed on not less than two occasions of any such offence and
particulars of the convictions have been ordered to be endorsed in
accordance with section 101 of this Act, the court shall order him
to be disqualified for such period not less than six months as the
court thinks fit, unless the court is satisfied, having regard to
all the circumstances, that there are grounds for mitigating the
normal consequences of the conviction and thinks fit to order
him to be disqualified for a shorter period or not to order him
to be disqualified.
( 4) Where a person convicted of an offence under any of the
following provisions of this Act, namely section 5(1), 6( 1 ) or
9(3) (where the latter is an offence involving obligatory dis-
qualification) , has within the ten years immediately preceding the
commission of the offence been convicted of any such offence,
subsection ( 1) above shall apply in relation to him with the
substitution of three years for twelve months.
( 5) The period of any disqualification imposed under sub-
section (3) above shall be in addition to any other period of
disqualification imposed ( whether previously or on the same
occasion ) under this section or section 5 of the Road Traffic Act
1962 or under the Road Traffic Act 1960 or an enactment
repealed by that Act or under the Motor Car Act 1903 .
( 6) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply in
relation to a conviction of an offence committed by aiding,
abetting, counselling or procuring, or inciting to the commission
of an offence involving obligatory disqualification as if the offence
were an offence involving discretionary disqualification .
(7) Where a person is convicted of an offence involving
obligatory or discretionary disqualification the court may,
whether or not he has previously passed the test of competence
to drive prescribed under this Act, and whether or not the court
makes an order under the foregoing provisions of this section,
order him to be disqualified until he has, since the date of
the order, passed that test ; and a disqualification by virtue of
an order under this subsection shall be deemed to have expired
on production to the Secretary of State of evidence, in such
form as may be prescribed by regulations under section 107 of
this Act, that the person disqualified has, since the order was
made, passed that test.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 261
94.-( 1 ) A person disqualified by an order of a magistrates' PART III
court under section 93 ( 1 ) or (3) of this Act may appeal against Appeal against
the order in the same manner as against a conviction. disqualifica-
tion, and
( 2) Any court in England or Wales (whether a magistrates' rule for
determining
court or another ) which makes an order disqualifying a person end of period
may, if it thinks fit, suspend the disqualification pending an thereof .
appeal against the order.
( 3) A person disqualified by an order of a court in Scotland
may appeal against the order in the same manner as against a
conviction, and the court by or before which he was convicted
may, if it thinks fit, pending the appeal suspend the disqualifi-
cation.
( 4 ) In determining the expiration of the period for which a
person is disqualified by an order of a court made in consequence
of a conviction, any time after the conviction during which
the disqualification was suspended or he was not disqualified
shall be disregarded.
95.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person who Removal of
by an order of a court is disqualified may apply to the court disqualifica-
by which the order was made to remove the disqualification, tion.
and on any such application the court may, as it thinks proper,
having regard to the character of the person disqualified and
his conduct subsequent to the order, the nature of the offence,
and any other circumstances of the case, either by order remove
the disqualification as from such date as may be specified in
the order or refuse the application.
( 2) No application shall be made under subsection ( 1) above
for the removal of a disqualification before the expiration of
whichever is relevant of the following periods from the date of
the order by which the disqualification was imposed, that is to
say-
(a) two years, if the disqualification is for less than four
years,
( b) one half of the period of the disqualification, if it is for
less than ten years but not less than four years,
(c) five years in any other case ;
and in determining the expiration of the period after which
under this subsection a person may apply for the removal of a
disqualification, any time after the conviction during which the
disqualification was suspended or he was not disqualified shall
be disregarded.
(3) Where an application under subsection (1) above is
refused, a further application thereunder shall not be entertained
if made within three months after the date of the refusal.
13
c.20
262 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART III
1962 с. 69
1960 с. 16.
( 4) If under this section a court orders a disqualification to be
removed, the court shall cause particulars of the order to be
endorsed on the licence, if any, previously held by the applicant
and the court shall in any case have power to order the applicant
to pay the whole or any part of the costs of the application.
(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply
where the disqualification was imposed by order under section
93( 7) of this Act, section 5( 7) of the Road Traffic Act 1962 or
section 104(3) of the Road Traffic Act 1960.
Disqualifica-
96. A person who under section 4 of this Act is prohibited
tion of persons by reason of his age from driving a motor vehicle or a motor
under age.
vehicle of any class is disqualified for holding or obtaining a
licence other than a licence authorising him to drive such motor
vehicles, if any, as he is not by the said section 4 forbidden to
drive.
Disqualifica-
97. Aperson is disqualified for obtaining a licence authorising
tion to prevent him to drive a motor vehicle of any class so long as he is the
duplication
of licences.
holder of another licence authorising him to drive a motor vehicle
of that class, whether the licence is suspended or not.
Effect of
disqualifica-
tion .
98.-( 1) Where the holder of a licence is disqualified by an
order of a court, the licence shall be suspended so long as the
disqualification continues in force, and during the time of sus-
pension shall be of no effect.
( 2) A licence obtained by any person who is disqualified
shall be of no effect.
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in this Part of this Act, aperson
disqualified by order of a court under section 93( 7) of this Act,
section 5( 7) of the Road Traffic Act 1962 or section 104(3)
of the Road Traffic Act 1960 shall (unless he is disqualified
otherwise than by virtue of such an order) be entitled to obtain
and to hold a provisional licence and to drive a motor vehicle
in accordance with the conditions subject to which the provisional
licence is granted.
Offence of
obtaining
licence, or
driving, while disqualified.
99. If a person disqualified for holding or obtaining a
licence-
( a) obtains a licence while he is so disqualified, or
( b) while he is so disqualified drives on a road a motor
vehicle, or if the disqualification is limited to the driving
of a motor vehicle of a particular class, a motor vehicle
of that class,
he shall be guilty of an offence .
c. 20
Road TrafficAct 1972 263
100. A constable in uniform may arrest without warrant any
PART III
person driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle on a road Arrest without
whom he has reasonable cause to suspect of being disqualified. warrant of
persons driving while
101.-(1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2 ) below, where a person is disqualified.
convicted of an offence-
Endorsement
of licences.
( a) under a provision of this Act specified in column 1 of
Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act in relation to which
there appears in column 6 of that Part the word
" obligatory " or the word " obligatory " qualified by
conditions relating to the offence ; and
( b) where the said word " obligatory " is so qualified, the
conditions are satisfied in the case of the offence of
which he is convicted ;
or where a person is convicted of an offence specified in Part II
or Part III of that Schedule (any such offence being in this
section referred to as an " offence involving obligatory endorse-
ment ") , the court shall order that particulars of the conviction,
and, if the court orders him to be disqualified, particulars of the
disqualification, shall be endorsed on any licence held by him ;
and particulars of any conviction or disqualification so endorsed
may be produced as prima facie evidence of the conviction or
disqualification .
( 2 ) If the court does not order the said person to be dis-
qualified, the court need not order particulars of the conviction
to be endorsed as aforesaid if for special reasons it thinks fit
not to do so.
( 3) An order that the particulars of a conviction or of a
disqualification to which the convicted person has become subject
are to be endorsed on any licence held by him shall, whether
he is at the time the holder of a licence or not, operate as an
order that any licence he may then hold or may subsequently
obtain shall be so endorsed until he becomes entitled under
subsection ( 7) below to have a licence issued to him free from
the particulars.
( 4 ) A person who is prosecuted for an offence involving obli-
gatory endorsement and who is the holder of a licence, shall
either-
( a ) cause it to be delivered to the clerk of the court not
later than the day before the date appointed for the
hearing, or
( b) post it, at such a time that in the ordinary course of post
it would be delivered not later than that day, in a letter
duly addressed to the clerk and either registered or sent
by the recorded delivery service, or
14
c. 20
264 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART III
(c) have it with him at the hearing ;
and if he is convicted of the offence and the court makes an
order under subsection ( 1) above the court shall require the
licence to be produced to it for endorsement ; and if the offender
has not posted the licence or caused it to be delivered as afore-
said and does not produce it as required then, unless he satisfies
the court that he has applied for a new licence and has not
received it, he shall be guilty of an offence and the licence
shall be suspended from the time when its production was
required until it is produced to the court and shall, while
suspended, be of no effect.
( 5) On the issue of a new licence to a person any particulars
ordered to be endorsed on any licence held by him shall be
entered on the licence unless he has become entitled under
subsection (7) below to have a licence issued to him free from
those particulars.
(6) If a person whose licence has been ordered to be endorsed
with any particulars and who has not previously become entitled
under subsection ( 7) below to have a licence issued to him free
from those particulars applies for or obtains a licence without
giving particulars of the order, he shall be guilty of an offence
and any licence so obtained shall be of no effect.
( 7) Where an order has been made in respect of a person
under this section or any previous enactment requiring any
licence held by him to be endorsed with any particulars, he
shall be entitled, on applying for the grant of a licence in
pursuance of section 88( 1) (a) of this Act and satisfying the
other requirements of that subsection, to have issued to him
a new licence free from the particulars, if the application is
made not less than three years after the date of the conviction
in consequence of which the order was made or, if it was a
conviction of an offence under any of the following provisions
of this Act, namely section 5(1), 6(1 ) or 9(3) (where the latter
was an offence involving obligatory disqualification ) , not less
than ten years after that conviction.
Combination
102.-( 1 ) Notwithstanding anything in section 12( 2) of the
of disquali- fication and
Criminal Justice Act 1948 ( conviction of an offender placed on
endorsement
probation or discharged to be disregarded for the purposes of
with probation enactments relating to disqualification ), a court in England or
orders and
Wales which on convicting a person of an offence involving
order for
obligatory or discretionary disqualification makes a probation
discharge in
order or an order discharging him absolutely or conditionally
England or
Wales.
1948 с. 58.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 265
may on that occasion also exercise any power conferred, and
shall also discharge any duty imposed, on the court by section 93
or 101 of this Act.
( 2) A conviction in respect of which a court in England or
Wales has ordered a person to be disqualified or of which
particulars have been endorsed on any licence held by him shall,
notwithstanding anything in section 12(1) of the said Act of
1948 (conviction of offender placed on probation or discharged
to be disregarded for the purpose of subsequent proceedings) ,
be taken into account in determining his liability to punishment
or disqualification for any offence involving obligatory or
discretionary disqualification committed subsequently.
PART III
103.-(1 ) Where under section 56( 1) of the Criminal Justice Interim dis-
Act 1967 or any enactment to which that section applies a qualification
on committal
magistrates' court commits an offender to the Crown Court in England
and by reason of the provisions of the said section 56 the or Wales
magistrates' court does not exercise its power or discharge under s. 56 of
its duty under section 93 of this Act of ordering the offender Criminal
Justice Act
to be disqualified , it may nevertheless order him to be disquali- 1967 , etc.
fied until the court to which he is committed has dealt with him
in respect of the offence.
1967 с. 80.
( 2) Where a court in England or Wales makes an order under
subsection ( 1) above in respect of any person, it shall require
him to produce to the court any licence, and any Northern
Ireland licence, held by him and shall cause such licence to
be sent to the clerk of the court to which he is committed ; and
if he does not produce any such licence as required he shall
be guilty of an offence.
(3) Where a court in England or Wales makes any such order
in respect of any person, sections 101 ( 1 ), 105(2) to (4) and 111 (2)
of this Act shall not apply in relation to the order, but the court
shall send notice of the order to the Secretary of State ; and the
court to which he is committed shall, if it determines not to
order him to be disqualified under section 93 of this Act, send
notice of the determination to the Secretary of State.
( 4) Where a person is committed to the Crown Court under
the said section 56 or any enactment to which that section
applies to be dealt with in respect of an offence involving
obligatory or discretionary disqualification and no order is
made in his case under subsection ( 1) above, section 101 (4)
of this Act shall apply to him as it applies to a person who is
prosecuted for such an offence and convicted before that court.
c. 20
266 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART III ( 5) A period of disqualification imposed on any person by
virtue of section 56( 5) of the said Act of 1967 (exercise by the
court to which a person is committed for sentence, etc. , of certain
powers of magistrates' courts) shall be treated as reduced by
any period during which he was disqualified by reason only
of an order made under subsection (1) above ; but a period
during which he was so disqualified shall not be taken into
account under this subsection for the purpose of reducing more
than one other period of disqualification.
( 6 ) A notice sent by a court to the Secretary of State in
pursuance of subsection ( 3) above shall be sent in such manner
and to such address and contain such particulars as the Secretary
of State may determine.
( 7) In this section " Northern Ireland licence " means a licence
under any such provision as is mentioned in section 111( 1 ) of
thisAct.
Information
104.-( 1 ) If on convicting a person of an offence involving
as to date of
obligatory or discretionary disqualification or of such other
birth and sex. offence as may be prescribed, the court orders his driving
licence to be endorsed or orders him to be disqualified under
section 103(1) of this Act and does not know his date of birth,
the court shall order him to state that date in writing.
1957 с. 29.
1967 с. 80.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of a person giving a notification
to the clerk of a court in pursuance of section 1( 2) of the
Magistrates' Courts Act 1957 ( which relates to pleas of guilty in
the absence of the accused ) in respect of an offence mentioned
in subsection ( 1) above to include in the notification a statement
of the date of birth and the sex of the accused ; and in a case
where the foregoing provisions of this subsection are not com-
plied with the court shall, if on convicting the accused it orders
his driving licence to be endorsed or orders him to be disqualified
under the said section 103(1) and does not know his date of birth
or sex, order him to furnish that information in writing to the
court.
( 3) Nothing in section 56(5) of the Criminal Justice Act
1967 ( which provides that where a magistrates' court commits
a person to another court under subsection (1) of that section,
certain of its powers and duties are transferred to that other
court) shall apply to any duty imposed upon a magistrates'
court by the foregoing provisions of this section in consequence
of an order for disqualification made under the said section
103(1).
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 267
( 4 ) A person who knowingly fails to comply with an order
PART III
under subsection ( 1) or (2) above shall be guilty of an offence.
(5 ) Where in accordance with this section a person has stated
his date of birth to a court or in such a notification as aforesaid,
the Secretary of State may serve on that person a notice in writing
requiring him to furnish the Secretary of State-
( a ) with such evidence in that person's possession or
obtainable by him as the Secretary of State may specify
for the purpose of verifying that date ; and
( b ) if his name differs from his name at the time of his
birth, with a statement in writing specifying his name at
that time ;
and a person who knowingly fails to comply with a notice
under this subsection shall be guilty of an offence.
( 6) In the application of this section to Scotland-
( a) for subsection ( 2) there shall be substituted the following
subsection :
( 2) Where, in pursuance of section 26(3) of the
Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland ) Act 1954 ( pleas 1954 c. 48.
in absence of accused), a person gives written intima-
tion of a plea of guilty in respect of an offence
mentioned in subsection ( 1) above, he shall include
in that written intimation a statement of the accused's
date of birth and sex, and in a case where the fore-
going provisions of this subsection are not complied
with the court, if on convicting the accused it orders
his licence to be endorsed and does not know his
date of birth or sex, shall order him to furnish that
information in writing to the court.
( b) subsection ( 3) does not apply ;
( c ) in subsection ( 5 ) for the word " notification " there shall
be substituted the words " written intimation ".
105.-( 1 ) In any case where a court exercises its power under Supple-
section 93 or 101 of this Act not to order any disqualification or mentary
provisions as to
endorsement or to order disqualification for a shorter period disqualifica-
than would otherwise be required , it shall state the grounds for tions and
doing so in open court and, if it is a magistrates' court or, in endorsements.
Scotland, a court of summary juridiction, shall cause them to be
entered in the register ( or, in Scotland, record) of its proceedings .
( 2) Where a court orders particulars to be endorsed on a
licence held by a person, or where by an order of a court a
person is disqualified, the court shall send notice of the order
to the Secretary of State and, in a case where a person is so
disqualified, shall also on the production of the licence for
the purpose of endorsement retain the licence and forward it
c. 20
268 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART III to the Secretary of State, who may dispose of it as he thinks
fit ; but where the disqualification expires or is removed before
the expiration of the period for which the licence was granted
and the person to whom it was granted makes to the Secretary
of State during that period, in such form and containing such
particulars supported by such evidence or further evidence as
the Secretary of State may specify, a demand for the grant of
a new licence for the period for which the licence aforesaid
was granted, the Secretary of State shall comply with the
demand.
(3) Where on an appeal against any such order the appeal is
allowed, the court by which the appeal is allowed shall send
notice thereof to the Secretary of State .
( 4) Where a person is disqualified by order of a court under
1962 c. 59. section 93(7) of this Act, section 5(7) of the Road Traffic
1960 c. 16. Act 1962 or section 104(3) of the Road Traffic Act 1960,
then on the issue to him of a licence, there shall be added to
the endorsed particulars of the disqualification a statement that
the person disqualified has, since the order was made, passed
the prescribed test.
( 5) A notice sent by a court to the Secretary of State in
pursuance of this section shall be sent in such manner and to
such address and contain such particulars as the Secretary of
State may determine, and a licence so sent in pursuance of this
section shall be sent to such address as the Secretary of State
may determine.
Conduct of
proceedings
in certain
courts by or
against the
Secretary of
State.
Regulations
for purposes
of Part III.
Supplementary
106.- ( 1 ) Any proceedings by or against the Secretary of
State in a magistrates' court or before the registrar of a county
court under this Part of this Act may be conducted on behalf
of the Secretary of State by a person authorised by him for
the purposes of this subsection.
( 2 ) Any proceedings in any court in Scotland, other than the
High Court of Justiciary or the Court of Session, against the
Secretary of State under this Part of this Act may be conducted
on behalf of the Secretary of State by any person authorised by
him for the purposes of this subsection.
107.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations for any
purpose for which regulations may be made under this Part of
this Act and for prescribing anything which may be prescribed
under this Part of this Act, and otherwise for the purpose of
carrying section 4 or this Part of this Act into effect, and in
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 269
particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the fore-
PART III
going provisions, may make regulations with respect to-
( a ) licences,
( b) the making of any particulars with respect to any persons
who are disqualified or whose licences are suspended
or endorsed available for use by the police,
( c ) the preventing of a person holding more than one licence,
( d ) the facilitating of identification of holders of licences ,
and
(e) the providing for the issue of a new licence in the place
of a licence lost or defaced on payment of such fee as
may be prescribed ;
and different regulations may be made as respects different
classes of vehicles or as respects the same class of vehicles in
different circumstances .
( 2 ) Regulations made by the Secretary of State under this Part
of this Act may-
( a) make different provision for different circumstances ;
(b) provide for exemptions from any provisions of the
regulations ; and
( c ) contain such incidental and supplemental provisions as
the Secretary of State considers expedient for the pur-
poses of the regulations ;
and nothing in any other provision of section 4 or this Part
of this Act shall be construed as prejudicing the generality of
the foregoing provisions of this subsection.
(3) Any fee prescribed under this Part of this Act shall be of
an amount approved by the Treasury, and different fees may be
prescribed for different circumstances.
108.--( 1 ) All fees received by the Secretary of State for Destination
licences under this Part of this Act shall be paid into the of fees for
Consolidated Fund.
licences, etc.
under Part III.( 2) Fees in respect of tests of competence to drive payable by
virtue of regulations having effect by virtue of section 85(2) of
this Act shall be paid to such person as may be prescribed
by the regulations, and any such fees received by a person so
prescribed (other than any as to which the regulations provide
that they are to be paid to the person conducting the test and
retained by him as remuneration) shall be paid into the
Consolidated Fund.
c .20
270 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART III
Services of
notices .
Interpretation
of Part III.
Provisions as
to Northern
Ireland
drivers'
licences.
109. A notice authorised to be served on any person by
section 87, 89( 2) or 104( 5) of this Act may be served on him
by delivering it to him or by leaving it at his proper address or
by sending it to him by post; and for the purposes of this
section and section 26 of the Interpretation Act 1889 in its
application to this section the proper address of any person shall
be his latest address as known to the person serving the notice.
110. In this Part of this Act and section 4 thereof, except
where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions
have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that
is to say, -
" disqualified " means disqualified for holding or obtaining
a licence, and " disqualification " shall be construed
accordingly ;
" licence" means a licence to drive a motor vehicle granted
under this Part of this Act;
" offence involving obligatory disqualification " has the
meaning given to it by section 93(1) of this Act ;
" offence involving discretionary disqualification " has the
meaning given to it by section 93( 2) of this Act ;
"
prescribed " means prescribed by regulations ;
66
provisional licence " means a licence granted by virtue of
section 88(2) of this Act ;
"
regulations " means regulations made under section 107
of this Act ;
" test of competence to drive " means such a test conducted
under section 85 of this Act ;
111. (1 ) If the Secretary of State certifies that satisfactory
provision is made by the law of Northern Ireland for the grant-
ing of licences to drive motor vehicles, it shall be lawful for the
holder of such a licence to drive and be employed in driving
in Great Britain a motor vehicle of any class which he is
authorised by that licence to drive, and which he is not dis-
qualified from driving under this Part of this Act, notwithstand-
ing that he is not the holder of a licence under this Part of
this Act:
Provided that any such driver shall be under the like
obligation to produce such a licence as if it had been a licence
granted under this Part of this Act, and the provisions of this
Act as to the production of licences granted thereunder shall
apply accordingly.
( 2) The holder of any such licence who by an order of the
court is disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence under
this Part of this Act shall produce the licence so held by him
to the court within such time as the court may determine, and
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 271
the court shall, on production of the licence, forward it to the Secretary of State ; and if the holder fails to produce the licence
within such time as aforesaid, he shall be guilty of an offence.
(3) If the holder of any such licence is convicted of an offence
and the court orders particulars of the conviction to be endorsed
in accordance with section 101 of this Act, the court shall send
those particulars to the Secretary of State .
PART III
PART IV
LICENSING OF DRIVERS OF HEAVY GOODS VEHICLES
112.-( 1 ) It shall be an offence for a person to drive a heavy Drivers of
goods vehicle of any class on a road if he is not licensed under heavy goods
this Part of this Act to drive a heavy goods vehicle of that class, vehicles to be
licensed.
( 2) It shall be an offence for a person to employ another
person to drive a heavy goods vehicle of any class on a road
if that other person is not so licensed to drive a heavy goods
vehicle of that class.
( 3) Nothing in subsection ( 1) or (2) above, as the case may be,
shall prevent a person who is not licensed as therein mentioned
from acting, or being employed to act, as steersman of a heavy
goods vehicle ( being a vehicle on which a speed limit of five
miles per hour or less is imposed by or under section 78 of the
Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967) under the orders of another 1967 c. 76.
person engaged in the driving of the vehicle who is licensed in
that behalf in accordance with the requirements of Part III of
this Act and this section.
( 4 ) Neither subsection ( 1) nor subsection (2) above shall
apply to the driving of, or the employment of a person to drive,
a vehicle in any case where the excise duty in respect of the
vehicle under the Vehicles ( Excise) Act 1971 is chargeable at 1971 с. 10.
the rate applicable to vehicles specified in paragraph (1) of
Schedule 3 to that Act and the vehicle is being driven for one
of the purposes for which it must be solely used if the duty
is to remain chargeable at that rate.
113.-(1 ) The person who is the chairman of the traffic Licensing
commissioners for any area constituted for the purposes of Part authority, and
III of the Road Traffic Act 1960, including any person for the applications,
for heavy
time being appointed by the Secretary of State to act as deputy goods vehicle
to the chairman, shall have the power and be charged with the drivers'
duty of granting licences ( in this Part of this Act referred to as licences.
" heavy goods vehicle drivers' licences ") under this Part of 1960 c. 16 .
this Act and is in this Part of this Act referred to as " the
licensing authority " .
( 2) An application for a heavy goods vehicle driver's licence
shall be made to the licensing authority of the traffic area in
which the applicant for the licence resides.
c. 20
272 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART IV
Grant of
heavy goods vehicle
drivers'
licences.
Duration of
heavy goods
vehicle
drivers '
licences.
Disqualifica-
tion on
revocation of
heavy goods
vehicle driver's
licence.
114.-(1 ) Subject to the transitional provisions contained in
Schedule 5 to this Act, the licensing authority shall not grant a
full licence to drive a heavy goods vehicle of any class unless
he is satisfied that the applicant for the licence-
( a) has at some time during the period of five years ending
on the date of the coming into force of the licence
passed the prescribed test of competence to drive
vehicles of that class ; or
(b) has within that period held a full licence authorising
the driving of vehicles of that class.
( 2 ) For the purpose of enabling an applicant to learn to
drive a heavy goods vehicle with a view to passing the pre-
scribed test of competence to drive, the licensing authority may
issue to him a heavy goods vehicle driver's licence as a provi-
sional licence .
( 3) A licence issued by virtue of subsection (2) above shall
be subject to the prescribed conditions, and if the person to
whom it is issued fails to comply with any of the conditions
he shall be guilty of an offence.
115.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, a heavy goods
vehicle driver's licence shall, unless previously revoked, continue
in force for three years from the date on which it is expressed
to take effect, but may at any time be suspended or revoked
by the licensing authority of the area in which it was granted on
the ground that, by reason of his conduct (including conduct in
Northern Ireland) as a driver of a motor vehicle or of physical
disability, the holder is not a fit person to hold such a licence ;
and during any time of suspension such a licence shall be of
no effect.
( 2 ) Subject to subsection (3) below, a licence issued by virtue
of section 114( 2) of this Act shall, unless previously revoked,
continue in force for six months from the date on which it is
expressed to take effect.
( 3) Subsection ( 2) above shall not apply to a licence treated
as a provisional licence by virtue of section 119(1 )( e) of this
Act .
116.-( 1 ) Where in pursuance of section 115(1) of this Act
the licensing authority revokes a heavy goods vehicle driver's
licence, the authority may-
( a) order the holder to be disqualified indefinitely or for such
period as the authority thinks fit for holding or
obtaining such a licence ; or
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 273
( b) if the licence is a full licence and it appears to the
authority that, owing to the conduct or physical dis-
ability of the holder of the licence, it is expedient to
require him to comply with the prescribed conditions
applicable to provisional licences under this Part of this
Act until he passes the prescribed test of competence
to drive heavy goods vehicles of any class, order him
to be disqualified for holding or obtaining a full licence
until he has, since the date of the order, passed such
atest.
( 2) Where the holder of a heavy goods vehicle driver's licence
is disqualified under subsection ( 1) (a) above, the licensing autho-
rity for the traffic area where he resides may, in such circum-
stances as may be prescribed, remove the disqualification, but
so long as the disqualification continues in force a heavy goods
vehicle driver's licence shall not be granted to him and any such
licence obtained by him shall be of no effect .
(3) Where the holder of a full licence is disqualified under
subsection ( 1) (b) above, a licensing authority shall not thereafter
grant him a full licence to drive a heavy goods vehicle of any
class unless satisfied that he has since the disqualification passed
the prescribed test of competence to drive vehicles of that class ,
and until he passes that test any full licence obtained by him
shall be of no effect.
PART IV
117. A magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area Court may
in which a person who has submitted himself for a test of determine
competence to drive resides, or if he resides in Scotland the whether test of
sheriff within whose jurisdiction he resides, may on the applica- competence
to was
tion of that person determine whether the test was properly properly
conducted in accordance with the regulations and, if it appears conducted.
to the court or sheriff that the test was not so conducted, the
court or sheriff may order that the applicant shall be eligible to
submit himself to another test before the expiration of the
period prescribed for the purposes of section 119( 1) ( j ) of this
Act , and may order that any fee payable by the applicant in
respect of the test shall not be paid or, if it has been paid, shall
be repaid.
118.-( 1 ) A person who, being the holder of, or an applicant Appeals
for, a heavy goods vehicle driver's licence feels aggrieved by the relating to
licensing authority's-
heavy goods
vehicle
(a) refusal or failure to grant such a licence, or
drivers'
( b) imposition of any limitation on such a licence, or
licences.( c) suspension or revocation of such a licence , or
( d ) ordering of disqualification under section 116( 1) of this
Act,
с . 20
274 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART IV
Regulations
for purposes
ofPart IV.
may by notice in writing to the licensing authority require him
to reconsider the matter, and shall on a reconsideration be
entitled to be heard either personally or by his representative.
( 2) Subject to subsection (3) below, a person who is so
aggrieved as aforesaid, or who is dissatisfied with the decision
of the licensing authority on reconsideration of the matter, may
appeal to a magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area
in which he resides or, if he resides in Scotland, to the sheriff
within whose jurisdiction he resides ; and on any such appeal
the court or sheriff may make such order as it or he thinks
fit and an order so made shall be binding on the licensing
authority.
( 3) No appeal shall lie under this section in respect of any
matter in respect of which an application may be made to a
magistrates' court or a sheriff under section 117 of this Act.
( 4) Where the applicant for a heavy goods vehicle driver's
licence, who is at the date of his application the holder of such
a licence (other than one issued as a provisional licence), appeals
under this section on the ground of refusal or failure to grant
the licence, the existing licence shall continue in force until the
appeal has been disposed of notwithstanding that it would
otherwise have expired .
119.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State may make regulations for
the purpose of carrying the provisions of this Part of this Act
into effect and, without prejudice to the generality of the fore-
going, may-
( a ) make provision with respect to tests of competence
to drive heavy goods vehicles and, in particular, the
nature of such tests, the qualifications, selection,
appointment and removal of the persons by whom they
may be conducted, and evidence of the results of the
tests;
( b) require applicants for such tests or for heavy goods
vehicle drivers ' licences (whether full or provisional) to
have such qualifications, experience and knowledge
( including, in the case of applicants for licences,
qualifications with respect to health and driving con-
duct) as may be prescribed ;
( c ) require a person submitting himself for a test to produce
for the purposes of the test a vehicle of the class in
respect of which he is to be tested, loaded or unloaded
according as may be prescribed, and, in the case of a
loaded vehicle, impose requirements about its loading ;
( d ) restrict the issue of provisional licences, in the case
of prescribed classes of applicants or in prescribed
circumstances, to such classes of vehicle as may be
prescribed ;
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 275
( e ) provide that a full licence to drive a heavy goods vehicle
PART IV
of a particular class shall also be treated for the
purposes of this Part of this Act as a provisional licence
to drive heavy goods vehicles of another prescribed
class:
( f ) make provision for preventing a person holding more
than one licence and for facilitating the identification
of licence holders ;
( g ) make provision with respect to applications for and
the issue of heavy goods vehicle drivers' licences ;
( h) make provision with respect to the custody and produc
tion of any heavy goods vehicle driver's licence or any
Northern Ireland licence within the meaning of section
125 of this Act or any licence under Part II of the
Road Traffic Act ( Northern Ireland) 1955 or Part I of 1955 c. 27
the Road Traffic Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1970 to drive ( Ν.Ι. ).
heavy goods vehicles of any description, and require 1970 c. 2
the return to a prescribed licensing authority of any
( Ν.Ι.) .
such licence which has expired or been suspended or
revoked ;
( i ) require the payment of a fee of a prescribed amount by a
person who applies for a test and provide for the
repayment of any such fee in the prescribed circum-
stances ;
( j ) provide that a person submitting himself for, but failing
to pass, a test shall not be eligible to submit himself
for another test before the expiration of a prescribed
period, except under an order made by a court or
sheriff under section 117 of this Act;
( k ) provide for the issue of a new licence in place of a
licence lost or defaced on payment of the prescribed
fee;
and different provision may be made by the regulations for
different cases.
( 2 ) Regulations under this section may provide that a person
who contravenes or fails to comply with any specified provision
ofthe regulations shall be guilty of an offence.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide that
this Part of this Act shall not apply to heavy goods vehicles
of such classes as may be prescribed either generally or in such
circumstances as may be prescribed.
120.-( 1 ) There shall be charged by licensing authorities in Fees and
respect of the grant of heavy goods vehicle drivers' licences such expenses.
fees as may be prescribed.
c. 20
276 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART IV
( 2) All fees received by licensing authorities in respect of
the grant of such licences shall be paid into the Consolidated
Fund in such manner as the Treasury may direct.
( 3) Any fees received by the Secretary of State in pursuance
of regulations under this Part of this Act shall be paid into the
Consolidated Fund.
( 4 ) Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State under this
Part of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by
Parliament.
Common test
ofcompetence
to drive for
the purposes
of Parts III
and IV.
121. The Secretary of State may by regulations provide that
a person who passes a test of competence to drive heavy goods
vehicles of any prescribed class for the purpose of obtaining a
full licence shall, in such circumstances as may be prescribed,
be treated as having passed a test of competence to drive
prescribed under section 85( 2) of this Act for any prescribed
class of motor vehicle.
Transitional
122. The provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect
provisions as
in connection with the coming into operation of section 112 of
to certain
this Act.
heavy goods vehicle drivers'
licences.
Restriction on
institution of
proceedings
for certain
offences.
Interpretation
ofPart IV.
123. Proceedings for an offence under section 112 or 114(3)
of this Act shall not, in England or Wales, be instituted except
by or on behalf of the Director of Public Prosecutions or by
a person authorised in that behalf by the traffic commissioners,
a chief officer of police or the council of a county, county
borough or county district.
124. In this Part of this Act and Schedule 5 thereto, unless
the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have
the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to
say-
1960 с. 16.
" full licence " means a heavy goods vehicle driver's licence
other than a provisional licence ;
" heavy goods vehicle " means a vehicle of any of the follow-
ing classes which is constructed or adapted for hauling
or carrying goods or burden of any description, that
is to say, a heavy locomotive, a light locomotive, a
motor tractor, a heavy motor car and a motor car so
constructed that a trailer may by partial superimposi-
tion be attached thereto in such a manner as to cause a
substantial part of the weight of the trailer to be
borne thereby ;
" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations under section
119 of this Act ;
" traffic commissioners " has the same meaning as it has
for the purposes of Part III of the Road Traffic Act
1960.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 277
125.-(1 ) If the Secretary of State certifies that satisfactory
PART IV
provision is made by the law of Northern Ireland for the issue
of licences specifically to drive heavy goods vehicles, it shall be
Provisions as
to Northern
lawful for the holder of such a licence (hereafter in this section Ireland heavy
referred to as a Northern Ireland licence) to drive, and be goods vehicle
employed in driving, on a road in Great Britain heavy goods drivers'
vehicles of any class which he is authorised by that licence to
licences.
drive, notwithstanding that he is not the holder of a heavy goods
vehicle driver's licence.
( 2) While a certificate is in force under subsection ( 1) above,
the licensing authority may, notwithstanding anything in section
114(1) of this Act, grant a full licence to drive a heavy goods
vehicle of any class to an applicant resident in Great Britain
if he is satisfied that the applicant has, within the period of
five years ending on the date of the coming into force of the
licence, held a Northern Ireland licence to drive any heavy
goods vehicle of that class corresponding to a full licence and
not being a licence granted under an enactment of the Parlia-
ment of Northern Ireland in consequence of a dispensation from
passing a test of competence to drive by reason of the applicant's
residence outside the United Kingdom.
(3) A prescribed licensing authority may exercise as respects
Great Britain the like power of suspending or revoking any
Northern Ireland licence and of making an order under section
116(1) of this Act as is conferred in relation to a heavy goods
vehicle driver's licence by section 115(1) thereof and the said
section 116( 1) on the licensing authority for the traffic area in
which the last-named licence was granted, and the provisions of
the said section 115( 1) ( except the provision relating to the
duration of licences) and of the said section 116(1) shall have
effect accordingly.
( 4) A holder of a Northern Ireland licence who is aggrieved
by the suspension or revocation of the licence or the ordering
of disqualification by virtue of subsection (3) above shall have
the like right to require the reconsideration of the matter and
the like right of appeal as are conferred by section 118 of
this Act, except that the matter shall be reconsidered by the
prescribed licensing authority, and-
( a ) an appeal brought by virtue of this subsection shall, if
the appellant is not resident in Great Britain, lie to a
prescribed magistrates' court or a prescribed sheriff ;
and
( b ) the provisions of subsection ( 2) of the said section 118
shall have effect accordingly.
c . 20
278 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART IV
1955 с. 27
( Ν.Ι.) .
1970 с. 2
( Ν.Ι.)
( 5) At any time when no certificate is in force under sub-
section ( 1) above a person resident in Northern Ireland who
is temporarily in Great Britain and holds a driving licence
issued in Northern Ireland under Part II of the Road Traffic Act
( Northern Ireland) 1955 or Part I of the Road Traffic
Act ( Northern Ireland) 1970 to drive heavy goods vehicles
of any description may during a period of twelve months from
the date of his last entry into Great Britain drive, and be
employed in driving, on a road in Great Britain a heavy
goods vehicle of that description brought temporarily into Great
Britain notwithstanding that he is not the holder of a heavy
goods vehicle driver's licence.
PART V
DRIVING INSTRUCTION
Instruction for
126.-( 1 ) No instruction, for the giving of which payment of
payment to be
money or money's worth is, or is to be, made by, or in respect
given only by of , the person to whom the instruction is given, shall be given
registered or
licensed
in the driving of a motor car unless the name of the person giving
persons.
the instruction is in the register of approved instructors estab-
1962 с. 59.
lished in pursuance of section 23 of the Road Traffic Act 1962
( hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as " the register " )
or he is the holder of a current licence granted under this Part
of this Act authorising him to give such instruction.
( 2) Instruction in the driving of a motor car, being instruc-
tion which is given free of charge, to a person who is not the
holder of a current licence to drive a motor vehicle granted
under Part III of this Act (other than a provisional licence
within the meaning of that Part ), by, or in pursuance of arrange
ments made by, a person carrying on business in the supply of
motor cars, and in connection with the supply of a motor car
in the course of that business, shall, for the purposes of sub-
section ( 1) above, be deemed to be given for payment of money
by the person to whom the instruction is given .
( 3) If instruction is given in contravention of subsection ( 1 )
above, the person by whom it is given, and, if that person is
employed by another to give that instruction, that other, as
well as that person, shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4 ) In proceedings against a person for an offence under sub-
section ( 3) above it shall be a defence for him to prove that he
did not know, and had no reasonable cause to believe, that his
name or, as the case may be, that of the person employed by
him, was not in the register at the material time.
( 5) Any reference in this Part of this Act to a current licence
is a reference to a licence which has not expired and has not
been cancelled , revoked or suspended.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 279
127.-(1 ) Section 126( 1) of this Act shall not apply to the PARTV
giving of instruction by a police instructor in pursuance of Exemption
arrangements made by a chief officer of police or, under the of police
authority of a chief officer of police, in pursuance of arrange instructors
ments made by a local authority.
from
prohibition
( 2 ) In this section-
" police instructor " means a person who is-
imposed by s. 126.
( a) a member of a police force whose duties con-
sist of or include, or have consisted of or included,
the giving of instruction in the driving of motor
cars to persons being members of a police force, or
( b) a civilian employed by a police authority for
the purpose of giving such instruction to such
persons ;
ود
" local authority means the council of a county, county
borough or county district , the Greater London Coun-
cil, the council of a London borough or the Common
Council of the City of London.
( 3) In the application of subsection (2) above to the metro-
politan police, for the reference to a civilian employed by a
police authority, there shall be substituted a reference to a
civilian employed under the Commissioner of Police of the
Metropolis or the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.
( 4 ) In the application of this section to Scotland " local
authority " means a county council or the town council of a
burgh.
128 .- (1) The compilation and maintenance of the register The register
shall continue by virtue of this Act, and an application for and
the entry of a person's name in the register shall be made, in registration
manner determined by the Secretary of State, accompanied by and duration
thereof .
particulars so determined, to the officer of the Secretary of State
by whom, on behalf of the Secretary of State, the register is
compiled and maintained ( hereafter in this Part of this Act
referred to as " the Registrar ") ; and the Registrar shall, on
payment of such fee, if any, as may be prescribed by regulations,
enter in the register the name of a person who duly applies for
the entry of his name therein if that person satisfies the Registrar
that the following conditions are fulfilled in his case, that is to
say, - ( a ) that he has passed such examination of ability to give
instruction in the driving of motor cars as may be so
prescribed ;
( b ) that he is the holder of a current licence of one of the
following kinds, that is to say, -
(i) a licence to drive a motor vehicle granted under
Part III of this Act (not being a provisional licence
within the meaning of that Part ) ; and
c. 20
280 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART V
1962 с. 59.
1960 с. 16.
(ii) a licence to drive a motor vehicle ( not being
a licence corresponding to such a provisional licence
as aforesaid) granted under the law in force in
Northern Ireland ;
and, at no time during the period of four years ending
with the day on which the application is made, did
he not hold one or other of the following licences,
namely a current licence of one of the kinds afore
said and a current foreign licence, that is to
say, a document issued under the law of a country
outside the United Kingdom authorising the holder
to drive a motor vehicle in that country ;
( c ) that he has not, during any part of the said period,
been disqualified under section 93 of this Act or
section 5 of the Road Traffic Act 1962 for holding
or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle granted
under Part III of this Act or, as the case may be,
Part II of the Road Traffic Act 1960 ; and
( d ) that, apart from fulfilment of the foregoing conditions,
he is a fit and proper person to have his name entered
in the register .
( 2 ) The entry of a person's name in the register shall be
subject to the condition that, so long as the name is therein,
that person will, if at any time required by the Registrar,
undergo the test prescribed by regulations of continued ability
and fitness to give instruction in the driving of motor cars .
( 3) Regulations may provide that persons of such class as
may be specified therein shall be exempt from the condition
mentioned in subsection (1)(a) above as regards such part of
the examination mentioned in that paragraph as may be so
specified.
( 4) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that satisfactory pro-
vision is made by the law of Northern Ireland for the establish-
ment of a register containing the names of persons qualified
under that law to give instruction in the driving of motor cars,
a person who satisfies the Registrar that his name is in the
register established under that law and that he is resident in
Great Britain shall be exempt from the condition specified in
subsection ( 1 ) (a) above.
(5) The Registrar shall, on making a decision on an applica-
tion under subsection ( 1) above, give notice in writing of the
decision to the applicant which, in the case of a decision to
refuse the application, shall state the grounds for the refusal .
(6) Unless previously removed under the following pro-
visions of this Part of this Act, the name of a person shall
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 281
be removed from the register at the end of the period of four
PARTV
years beginning with the first day of the month next after
that in which the entry of the name was made, but if an
application for the retention of the name in the register is
made under section 129 of this Act before the end of that period,
the name shall not be removed except in pursuance of a decision
of the Registrar having effect under that section .
( 7 ) Aperson whose name has been removed from the register
under subsection (6 ) above who applies under subsection ( 1 )
above for his name to be entered again in the register, shall
be required again to pass the examination mentioned in sub-
section (1)(a) above unless the application is made before the
end of the period of one year beginning with the end of the
said period of four years .
129.-( 1 ) If, before the end of the period of four years at Extension of
the end of which the name of a person is, by section 128( 6) duration of
of this Act, to be removed from the register , he makes applica- registration.
tion to the Registrar, in manner determined by the Secretary
of State, accompanied by particulars so determined, for the
retention of his name in the register for a further period of
four years, he shall be entitled, on payment of such fee, if
any, as may be prescribed by regulations, to have his name
retained therein for that further period, if he satisfies the Regis-
trar that the following conditions are fulfilled in his case, that
is to say, -
( a ) that he has not refused to undergo any such test as is
mentioned in section 128( 2) of this Act which he has
been required to undergo during the period first men-
tioned in this subsection ;
(b) that his ability and fitness to give instruction in the
driving of motor cars continue, having regard to any
such test or tests as aforesaid which he has undergone
during the said period, to be of a satisfactory standard ;
(c ) that he is the holder of a current licence of one of
the kinds mentioned in sub-paragraph (i) and sub-
paragraph (ii) of section 128 ( 1 ) (b) of this Act, and at
no time during the said period has he held no such
current licence ;
( d ) that he has not during any part of the said period
been disqualified under section 93 of this Act or
section 5 of the Road Traffic Act 1962 for holding or 1962 с. 59.
obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle granted
under Part III of this Act or, as the case may be,
Part II of the Road Traffic Act 1960, and
1960 с. 16.(e ) that, apart from fulfilment of the foregoing conditions ,
he continues to be a fit and proper person to have
his name entered in the register.
c. 20
282 Road Traffic Act 1972
PARTV
Removal of
names from
register .
( 2 ) The retention of a person's name under this section shall
be subject to the condition mentioned in section 128(2) of
thisAct.
(3) Before refusing an application under subsection ( 1) above,
the Registrar shall give to the applicant written notice stating
that he is considering the refusal of the application and giving
particulars of the grounds on which he is considering it; and
the applicant may, within the period of twenty- eight days
beginning with the day on which the notice is given, make
representations with respect to the proposed refusal ; and the
Registrar shall not decide to refuse the application until after
the expiration of the said period, and before deciding whether
or not to do so, he shall take into consideration any such
representations made by the applicant within the said period.
( 4) The Registrar , on making a decision under subsection
( 3) above, shall give notice in writing of the decision to the
person concerned, and a decision to refuse an application shall
take effect-
( a ) where no appeal under the following provisions of this
Part of this Act is brought against the decision within
the time limited for the appeal, on the expiration of
that time;
( b) where such an appeal is brought and is withdrawn or
struck out for want of prosecution, on the withdrawal
or striking out of the appeal ;
( c ) where such an appeal is brought and not withdrawn or
struck out as aforesaid, if and when the appeal is
dismissed, and not otherwise.
(5) Where a person's name is retained in the register under
subsection ( 1) above, that subsection and section 128(6) of this
Act shall have effect in relation to him, with respect to each
successive period of four years, as if any reference therein
to the first day of the month next after that in which the entry
of a person's name in the register was made were a reference
to the day with which began the last further period for which
his name was retained under subsection (1 ) above.
130.-( 1) The Registrar may remove the name of a person
from the register if the Registrar is satisfied, in a case where
the name has not been retained therein under section 129 of
this Act, that , at any time since the entry of the name was
made, or, in a case where the name has been retained as afore-
said, that, at any time since it was last retained, any of the
following conditions was fulfilled in the case of that person,
that is to say-
( a ) that he held neither a current licence of a kind men-
tioned in sub-paragraph (i ) of section 128( 1)(b) of this
Act nor one of a kind mentioned in sub- paragraph (ii )
of the said section 128( 1) (b) ;
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 283
( b ) that he was disqualified under section 93 of this Act or PART V
section 5 of the Road Traffic Act 1962 for holding 1962 c. 59.
or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle under
Part III of this Act or, as the case may be, Part II of
the Road Traffic Act 1960 ;
1960 с. 16.
( c) that he refused to undergo a test such as is mentioned
in section 128 (2) of this Act ;
( d ) that he failed to pass such a test ;
(e ) that he ceased, apart from fulfilment of any of the fore-
going conditions, to be a fit and proper person to have
his name included in the register ;
or if the entry of his name in the register, or the retention of
his name therein, was made by mistake or procured by fraud.
( 2) Before removing the name of a person from the register
under this section, the Registrar shall give to the person con-
cerned written notice stating that he is considering the removal
and giving particulars of the grounds on which he is con-
sidering it ; and that person may, within the period of twenty-
eight days beginning with the day on which the notice is given,
make representations with respect to the proposed removal ;
and the Registrar shall not decide to remove the name from
the register until after the expiration of the said period and,
before deciding whether or not to do so, shall take into con-
sideration any such representations made by the person con-
cerned within the said period.
( 3) The Registrar shall, on making a decision to remove a
name from the register, give notice in writing of the decision
to the person concerned, and section 129( 4) of this Act shall
apply for the purpose of determining when (if at all ) the decision
takes effect as it does for the purpose of determining when (if at
all) a decision to refuse an application under the said section 129
takes effect.
131.-(1 ) For the purpose of enabling a person to acquire Licences.
practical experience in giving instruction in driving motor cars
with a view to undergoing the examination referred to in section
128( 1 ) (a) of this Act, the Registrar shall, subject to subsection (2)
below, on application made to him by that person in manner
determined by the Secretary of State, accompanied by particulars
so determined and on payment of such fee, if any, as may be
prescribed by regulations, grant to the applicant a licence to
give instruction in the driving of a motor car, being instruction
the giving of which is restricted by section 126 of this Act, if
the Registrar is satisfied that the conditions set out in paragraphs
( b), (c ) and ( d ) of the said section 128( 1 ) are fulfilled in the
case of the applicant.
c. 20
284 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART V
1962 с. 59.
1960 с. 16.
(2) The Registrar may refuse to grant a licence under this
section to an applicant to whom two or more such licences have
previously been issued.
( 3) The Registrar shall, on making a decision on an applica-
tion under subsection ( 1) above, give notice in writing of the
decision to the applicant, which, in the case of a decision to
refuse the application, shall state the grounds of the refusal .
( 4 ) A licence under this section shall be in such form, in force
for such period, and granted subject to such conditions, as may
be prescribed by regulations .
(5) Notwithstanding any provision of regulations made under
subsection (4) above prescribing the period for which a licence is
to be in force, where a person applies for a new licence in sub-
stitution for a licence held by him and current at the date of the
application, the previous licence shall not expire until the
commencement of the new licence, or, if the Registrar decides
to refuse the application, until the time limited for an appeal
under the following provisions of this Part of this Act against
the decision has expired and, if such an appeal is duly brought,
it is finally disposed of .
(6 ) Before deciding to refuse an application for a new licence
in substitution for a licence current at the date of the application,
the Registrar shall give to the applicant written notice stating
that he is considering the refusal and giving particulars of the
grounds on which he is considering it ; and the applicant may,
within the period of fourteen days beginning with the day on
which the notice is given, make representations with respect to
the proposed refusal ; and the Registrar shall not decide to refuse
the application until after the expiration of the said period and,
before deciding whether or not to do so, he shall take into
consideration any such representations made within that period.
( 7) If a person to whom a licence under this section is granted
fails to comply with any of the conditions subject to which it is
granted, or if the Registrar is satisfied that, at any time since
the licence was granted, any of the following conditions was
fulfilled in the case of the said person, that is to say, -
(a ) that he held neither a current licence of a kind mentioned
in sub-paragraph (i) of section 128 ( 1 ) (b) of this Act nor
one of a kind mentioned in sub- paragraph (ii) of the
said section 128(1 ) (b) ; or
( b) that he was disqualified under section 93 of this Act
or section 5 of the Road Traffic Act 1962 for holding
or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle under
Part III of this Act or, as the case may be, Part II
of the Road Traffic Act 1960 ; or
Road Traffic Act 1972 285
c. 20
(c) that he ceased, apart from fulfilment of either of the
foregoing conditions, to be a fit and proper person to
have his name in the register ;
or if the licence was granted by mistake or procured by fraud,
the Registrar may revoke the licence, but before doing so he
shall give to the said person written notice stating that he is
considering the revocation and giving particulars of the grounds
on which he is considering it ; and that person may, within the
period of fourteen days beginning with the day on which the
notice is given, make representations with respect to the proposed
revocation ; and the Registrar shall not decide to revoke the
licence until after the expiration of the said period and, before
deciding whether or not to do so, he shall take into consideration
any such representations made within that period.
(8) The Registrar shall, on making a decision to revoke a
licence granted under this section, give notice in writing of the
decision to the person concerned, and section 129(4) of this Act
shall apply for the purpose of determining when (if at all) the
decision takes effect as it does for the purpose of determining
when (if at all) a decision to refuse an application under the said
section 129 (1) takes effect.
PARTV
132.-( 1 ) A person who is aggrieved by a decision of the Appeals.
Registrar-
( a) to refuse an application for the entry of his name in
the register, or
( b) to refuse an application for the retention of his name
in the register, or
( c) to remove his name from the register,
may by notice in writing appeal to the Secretary of State within
the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the day on which
notice of the decision was given in accordance with the provisions
of this Part of this Act, and a person who is aggrieved by a
decision of the Registrar to refuse an application for the grant
of a licence under the said Part or to revoke such a licence may,
in such manner, so appeal within the period of fourteen days
beginning with the said day.
( 2 ) On the appeal the Secretary of State shall have power to
make such order for the grant or refusal of the application or, as
the case may be, for the removal or the retention of the name
in the register, or the revocation or continuation of the licence,
as he may think fit ; and an order for such refusal, removal or
revocation may direct that an application by the appellant for
the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act or for his
name to be entered in the register shall not be entertained before
c. 20
286 Road Traffic Act 1972
PARTV
the expiration of such period, not exceeding four years begin-
ning with the day on which the order is made, as may be
specified in the order.
( 3) Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect in relation to an
appeal under this section.
Examinations
133.- ( 1 ) Regulations may make provision with respect to
and tests of
the nature of examinations of the ability of persons to give
ability to give instruction in the driving of motor cars and tests of continued
driving
instruction. ability and fitness to give such instruction, to evidence of the
results thereof and generally with respect thereto, and, in par-
ticular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing,
may provide
( a ) for such an examination to consist in part of a written
examination and in part of a practical test of ability
and fitness to drive and to instruct ;
(b) for requiring a person submitting himself to any such
practical test as aforesaid to provide a vehicle for the
purposes of the test, being a vehicle in respect of which
such conditions as may be specified in regulations
are complied with ;
(c) for requiring a person applying to submit himself for
such an examination, or any part of such an
examination, to pay to the Registrar such fee
as may be specified in the regulations in relation to that
examination or part ;
( d ) for preventing a person who, on any day, submits him-
self for such an examination and fails to pass it from
being eligible to submit himself to another such
examination before the expiration of the period of
three months beginning with that day, or, if the
regulations provide for an examination to consist of
two such parts as are mentioned in paragraph ( a)
above, preventing a person who submits himself on
any day for one of those parts, and fails to pass that
part, from being eligible to submit himself again for
that part before the expiration of the period of three
months beginning with that day ;
(e) for requiring a person who desires to submit himself
for such an examination to supply the Registrar with
such particulars as the Secretary of State may
determine.
( 2) A magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area in
which a person who has submitted himself for an examination
of ability to give instruction in the driving of motor cars resides
or, if he resides in Scotland, the sheriff within whose jurisdiction
he resides, shall have power on the application of that person
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 287
to determine whether the examination was properly conducted
PARTV
in accordance with the regulations, and, if the regulations pro-
vide for the examination to consist of two parts, whether either
of those parts was so conducted; and, if it appears to the court
or sheriff that the examination, or, as the case may be, part,
was not so conducted, the court or sheriff may order that the
applicant shall be eligible to submit himself to another examina-
tion, or, as the case may be, to submit himself again for that
part, before the expiration of the period of three months men-
tioned in subsection ( 1)(d ) above in relation to the examination
or, as the case may be, part, and may order that any fee payable
by the applicant in respect of the examination or part shall
not be paid, and if it has been paid, shall be repaid.
( 3) No appeal shall lie under section 132 of this Act in
respect of any matter in respect of which an application may
be made to a magistrates' court or a sheriff under subsection (2)
above.
134. Regulations may-
Power to alter
(a) alter or add to the conditions as to which the Registrar conditions for
entry or
is required by this Part of this Act to be satisfied retention in,
for the entry of a name in the register, the retention and removal
of a name therein, the removal of a name there- from, register
from, the grant of a licence and the revocation of aandgrant or
revocation of
licence, or omit any of those conditions ;
licences.
( b) alter the period at the expiration of which a person's
name which is entered or retained in the register after
the coming into force of the regulation must, unless
retained or further retained, be removed therefrom.
135.- ( 1 ) Regulations may prescribe all or any of the follow- Power to
ing, that is to say, a form of certificate for issue to persons whose prescribe form
of certificate of
names are in the register as evidence of their names' being registration ,
therein, a form of badge for use by such persons and an official etc.
title for such use.
(2) If a person-
( a ) whose name is not in the register, takes or uses a
title prescribed under this section, or wears or displays
a badge or certificate so prescribed, or takes or uses
any name, title, addition or description implying that
his name is in the register, or
( b) being a person carrying on business in the provision
of instruction in the driving of motor vehicles, uses
a title or description so prescribed in relation to
any person employed by him whose name is not
in the register, or issues any advertisement or invita-
tion calculated to mislead with respect to the extent
288 Road Traffic Act 1972
c. 20
PART V
to which persons whose names are in the register
are employed by him,
then, unless he proves that he did not know, and had no
reasonable cause to believe, that his name, or, as the case
may be, that of the person employed by him, was not in the
register at the material time, he shall be guilty of an offence.
Surrender of
certificates and
licences.
136. Where-
( a) the name of a person to whom a certificate prescribed
under section 135 of this Act has been issued is
removed from the register in pursuance of this Part
ofthis Act, or
(b) a licence granted under this Part of this Act to a person
expires or is revoked,
that person shall, if so required by the Registrar by notice in
writing, surrender the certificate or licence, as the case may be,
to the Registrar within the period of fourteen days beginning
with that on which the notice is given, and if he fails to do so,
he shall be guilty of an offence .
Production
137.-( 1 ) A person to whom a certificate prescribed under
ofcertificates section 135 of this Act is issued, or to whom a licence under
and licences
to constables
this Part of this Act is granted, shall, on being so required
and authorised by a constable or any person authorised in writing by the
persons. Secretary of State in that behalf, produce the certificate or
licence for examination .
(2) Where the name of a person is removed from the register
or a licence granted under this Part of this Act to a person
expires or is revoked, then, if that person fails to satisfy
an obligation imposed on him by section 136 of this Act,
a constable or a person authorised as aforesaid may require
him to produce any such certificate issued to him or the licence,
and upon its being produced may seize it and deliver it to the
Registrar.
( 3) If a person who is required under subsection (1) or (2)
above to produce a document fails to do so, then, unless within
five days, beginning with the day next after that on which
the production of the document was so required, it is pro-
duced-
( a) where the requirement was made by a constable, at such
police station as, at the time the production was
required, may have been specified by the person re-
quired to produce the document,
( b ) where the requirement was made by a person other
than a constable, at such place as the person by whom
the requirement was made may, at the time aforesaid,
have specified,
he shall be guilty of an offence.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 289
138.-( 1 ) A certificate signed by the Registrar and stating
PART V
that , on any date, -
Evidence by
certificate as
( a) aperson's name was, or was not, in the register,
to registration
( b) the entry of a person's name was made in the register and licences.
or a person's name was removed therefrom,
( c ) a person was, or was not, the holder of a current licence
under section 131 of this Act, or
( d ) a licence under the said section 131 granted to a person
came into force or ceased to be in force,
shall be evidence, and in Scotland sufficient evidence, of the
facts stated in the certificate in pursuance of this section.
( 2) A certificate stating as aforesaid and purporting to be
signed by the Registrar shall be deemed to be so signed unless
the contrary is proved.
139. Where a body corporate is guilty of an offence under Offences by
this Part of this Act and the offence is proved to have been corporations.
committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attribut-
able to neglect on the part of, a director, manager, secretary or
other similar officer of the body corporate, or a person who
was purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as the
body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and liable to be
proceeded against and punished accordingly.
140.-( 1 ) A notice authorised or required to be given by this Service of
Part of this Act to a person may be given by delivering it to notices.
him, or by leaving it at his proper address, or by sending it to
him by post.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this section and of section 26 of the
Interpretation Act 1889 in its application to this section, the
proper address of a person shall be, in the case of a person
whose name is included in the register, his address on the
register, and in any other case, his usual or last known address.
141.-( 1 ) Any administrative expenses incurred by the Secre- Expenses and
tary of State in consequence of any provisions of this Part of receipts.
this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.
( 2) Any sums received on account of fees payable by virtue
of any provision of this Part of this Act shall be paid into the
Consolidated Fund.
142. The Secretary of State may make regulations for any Regulations
purpose for which provision is by this Part of this Act authorised for purposes
to be made by regulations, and in the said Part " regulations " of Part V.
means regulations made under this section .
K
c.20
290 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VI
THIRD-PARTY LIABILITIES
Compulsory insurance or security against
third-party risks
Users of motor
143.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, it
vehicles to be shall not be lawful for a person to use, or to cause or permit
insured or
secured
any other person to use, a motor vehicle on a road unless there
against
is in force in relation to the use of the vehicle by that person or
third- party
that other person, as the case may be, such a policy of insurance
risks.
or such a security in respect of third- party risks as complies
with the requirements of this Part of this Act ; and if a person
acts in contravention of this section he shall be guilty of an
offence.
(2) A person charged with using a motor vehicle in contraven-
tion of this section shall not be convicted if he proves that
the vehicle did not belong to him and was not in his possession
under a contract of hiring or of loan, that he was using the
vehicle in the course of his employment and that he neither
knew nor had reason to believe that there was not in force
in relation to the vehicle such a policy of insurance or security
as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) above.
( 3) This Part of this Act shall not apply to invalid carriages.
Exceptions from
144.- (1 ) Section 143 of this Act shall not apply to a vehicle
requirement of
owned by a person who has deposited and keeps deposited with
third- party
the Accountant General of the Supreme Court the sum of
insurance or
£15,000, at a time when the vehicle is being driven under the
security.
owner's control .
( 2 ) The said section 143 shall not apply-
( a) to a vehicle owned by the council of a county, county
borough or county district in England or Wales, the
Common Council of the City of London, the council
of a London borough, the Greater London Council,
a county, town or district council in Scotland, or by a
joint board or joint committee in England or Wales,
or joint committee in Scotland, which is so constituted
as to include among its members representatives of any
such council, at a time when the vehicle is being driven
under the owner's control ;
(b) to a vehicle owned by a police authority or the Receiver
for the Metropolitan Police District, at a time when it
is being driven under the owner's control, or to a
vehicle at a time when it is being driven for police
purposes by or under the direction of a constable ,
or by a person employed by a police authority, or
employed by the said Receiver ; or
c . 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 291
(c ) to a vehicle at a time when it is being driven on a jour- PARTVI
ney to or from any place undertaken for salvage
purposes pursuant to Part IX of the Merchant Ship - 1894 с. 60.
ping Act 1894 ;
( d ) to the use of a vehicle for the purpose of its being
furnished in pursuance of a direction under paragraph
( b) of section 166( 2) of the Army Act 1955 or under 1955 с. 18.
the corresponding provision of the Air Force Act 1955 c. 19.
1955 ;
(e) to a vehicle owned by the London Transport Executive
or by a body which is within the meaning of the Trans-
port ( London ) Act 1969 ( but disregarding section 51( 5) 1969 с. 35.
of the Transport Act 1968) a wholly-owned subsidiary 1968 с. 73.
of that Executive, at a time when the vehicle is being
driven under the owner's control .
145.-( 1) In order to comply with the requirements of this Requirements in respect of
Part of this Act, a policy of insurance must satisfy the following policies of
conditions.
insurance.
( 2) The policy must be issued by an authorised insurer, that
is to say, a person or body of persons carrying on motor vehicle
insurance business in Great Britain.
(3) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, the policy-
(a) must insure such person, persons or classes of persons
as may be specified in the policy in respect of any
liability which may be incurred by him or them in
respect of the death of or bodily injury to any person
caused by, or arising out of, the use of the vehicle on a
road; and
( b) must also insure him or them in respect of any liability
which may be incurred by him or them under the pro-
visions of this Part of this Act relating to payment for
emergency treatment.
( 4) The policy shall not, by virtue of subsection (3) (a) above,
be required to cover-
( a ) liability in respect of the death, arising out of and in the
course of his employment, of a person in the employ-
ment of a person insured by the policy or of bodily
injury sustained by such a person arising out of and
in the course of his employment ; or
( b) any contractual liability .
146 .- (1) In order to comply with the requirements of this Requirements
Part of this Act, a security mustsatisfy the following conditions. in respect of
securities.
( 2) The security must be given either by an authorised insurer
or by some body of persons which carries on in the United
Kingdom the business of giving securities of a like kind and has
K 2
c . 20
292 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VI
1960 с. 16.
deposited and keeps deposited with the Accountant General of
the Supreme Court the sum of £15,000 in respect of that
business.
( 3) The security must consist of an undertaking by the giver
of the security to make good, subject to any conditions specified
therein, and up to the amount-
( a) in the case of an undertaking relating to the use of
public service vehicles (within the meaning of Part III
of the Road Traffic Act 1960), of not less than £25,000 ;
( b) in any other case, of not less than £5,000,
any failure by the owner of the vehicle or such other persons
or classes of persons as may be specified in the security duly
to discharge any liability which may be incurred by him or them,
being a liability required under section 145 of this Act to be
covered by a policy of insurance.
Issue and
surrender of
certificates of
insurance and
of security.
147.-( 1 ) A policy of insurance shall be of no effect for the
purposes of this Part of this Act unless and until there is
delivered by the insurer to the person by whom the policy is
effected a certificate (in this Part of this Act referred to as a
" certificate of insurance ") in the prescribed form and contain-
ing such particulars of any conditions subject to which the policy
is issued and of any other matters as may be prescribed.
( 2) A security shall be of no effect for the purposes of this
Part of this Act unless and until there is delivered by the person
giving the security to the person to whom it is given a certificate
( in this Part of this Act referred to as a " certificate of
security ") in the prescribed form and containing such par-
ticulars of any conditions subject to which the security is issued
and of any other matters as may be prescribed.
( 3) Different forms and different particulars may be pres-
cribed for the purposes of subsection ( 1) or ( 2) above in relation
to different cases or circumstances .
( 4) Where a certificate has been delivered under this section
and the policy or security to which it relates is cancelled by
mutual consent or by virtue of any provision in the policy or
security, the person to whom the certificate was delivered shall,
within seven days from the taking effect of the cancellation,
surrender the certificate to the person by whom the policy was
issued or the security was given or , if the certificate has been
lost or destroyed, make a statutory declaration to that effect ;
and a person who fails to comply with this subsection shall be
guilty of an offence.
c.20
Road Traffic Act 1972 293
148.-(1 ) Where a certificate of insurance or certificate of PARTVI
security has been delivered under section 147 of this Act to Avoidance of
the person by whom a policy has been effected or to whom certain
a security has been given , so much of the policy or security exceptions to
policies or
as purports to restrict, as the case may be, the insurance of the securities and
persons insured by the policy or the operation of the security of certain
by reference to any of the following matters, that is to say, - agreements,
etc. , as to risks
( a ) the age or physical or mental condition of persons required to
driving the vehicle, or
be covered
(b ) the condition of the vehicle, or
thereby .
( c ) the number of persons that the vehicle carries , or
( d ) the weight or physical characteristics of the goods that
the vehicle carries, or
(e ) the times at which or the areas within which the vehicle
isused, or
( f ) the horsepower or cylinder capacity or value of the
vehicle, or
( g ) the carrying on the vehicle of any particular apparatus,
or
( h ) the carrying on the vehicle of any particular means of
identification other than any means of identification
required to be carried by or under the Vehicles (Excise) 1971 с. 10.
Act 1971 ,
shall, as respect such liabilities as are required to be covered by
a policy under section 145 of this Act, be of no effect :
Provided that nothing in this subsection shall require an
insurer or the giver of a security to pay any sum in respect of the
liability of any person otherwise than in or towards the discharge
of that liability, and any sum paid by an insurer or the giver of
a security in or towards the discharge of any liability of any
person which is covered by the policy or security by virtue only
of this subsection shall be recoverable by the insurer or giver
of the security from that person.
( 2 ) A condition in a policy or security issued or given for the
purposes of this Part of this Act providing that no liability shall
arise under the policy or security, or that any liability so arising
shall cease, in the event of some specified thing being done or
omitted to be done after the happening of the event giving rise
to a claim under the policy or security, shall be of no effect in
connection with such liabilities as are required to be covered by
apolicy under section 145 of this Act :
Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be taken to
render void any provision in a policy or security requiring the
person insured or secured to pay to the insurer or the giver of
the security any sums which the latter may have become liable
K3
c .20
294 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VI
Duty of
insurers or
persons giving
security to
satisfy
judgment against persons
insured or
secured
against
third- party
risks.
to pay under the policy or security and which have been applied
to the satisfaction of the claims of third parties.
( 3) Where a person uses a motor vehicle in circumstances such
that under section 143 of this Act there is required to be in
force in relation to his use of it such a policy of insurance
or security as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) of that section,
then, if any other person is carried in or upon the vehicle
while the user is so using it, any antecedent agreement or under-
standing between them (whether intended to be legally binding
or not) shall be of no effect so far as it purports or might be
held-
( a) to negative or restrict any such liability of the user in
respect of persons carried in or upon the vehicle as is
required by section 145 of this Act to be covered by a
policy of insurance ; or
( b ) to impose any conditions with respect to the enforce-
ment of any such liability of the user ;
and the fact that a person so carried has willingly accepted as
his the risk of negligence on the part of the user shall not be
treated as negativing any such liability of the user.
For the purposes of this subsection references to a person
being carried in or upon a vehicle include references to a person
entering or getting on to, or alighting from, the vehicle, and
the reference to an antecedent agreement is to one made at
any time before the liability arose.
(4) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, a person
issuing a policy of insurance under section 145 of this Act shall
be liable to indemnify the persons or classes of persons specified
in the policy in respect of any liability which the policy purports
to cover in the case of those persons or classes of persons.
149.-( 1 ) If , after a certificate of insurance or certificate of
security has been delivered under section 147 of this Act to the
person by whom a policy has been effected or to whom a
security has been given, judgment in respect of any such liability
as is required to be covered by a policy of insurance under
section 145 of this Act ( being a liability covered by the terms of
the policy or security to which the certificate relates) is obtained
against any person who is insured by the policy or whose liability
is covered by the security, as the case may be, then, notwith-
standing that the insurer may be entitled to avoid or cancel, or
may have avoided or cancelled, the policy or security, he shall,
subject to the provisions of this section, pay to the persons
entitled to the benefit of the judgment any sum payable there-
under in respect of the liability, including any amount payable
in respect of costs and any sum payable in respect of interest
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 295
on that sum by virtue of any enactment relating to interest on PART VI
judgments.
( 2) No sum shall be payable by an insurer under the foregoing
provisions of this section-
( a) in respect of any judgment, unless before or within seven
days after the commencement of the proceedings in
which the judgment was given, the insurer had notice
of the bringing of the proceedings ; or
( b) in respect of any judgment, so long as execution
thereon is stayed pending an appeal ; or
( c ) in connection with any liability, if before the happen-
ing of the event which was the cause of the death
or bodily injury giving rise to the liability, the policy
or security was cancelled by mutual consent or by
virtue of any provision contained therein, and
either-
(i ) before the happening of the said event the
certificate was surrendered to the insurer, or the
person to whom the certificate was delivered made
a statutory declaration stating that the certificate
had been lost or destroyed, or
(ii) after the happening of the said event, but
before the expiration of a period of fourteen days
from the taking effect of the cancellation of the
policy or security, the certificate was surrendered
to the insurer, or the person to whom it was
delivered made such a statutory declaration as afore-
said ; or
(iii) either before or after the happening of the
said event, but within the said period of fourteen
days, the insurer has commenced proceedings under
this Act in respect of the failure to surrender the
certificate.
(3) No sum shall be payable by an insurer under the fore-
going provisions of this section if , in an action commenced
before, or within three months after, the commencement of
the proceedings in which the judgment was given, he has
obtained a declaration that, apart from any provision con-
tained in the policy or security, he is entitled to avoid it on
the ground that it was obtained by the non- disclosure of a
material fact, or by a representation of fact which was false
in some material particular, or, if he has avoided the policy
or security on that ground, that he was entitled so to do apart
from any provision contained in it :
Provided that an insurer who has obtained such a declara-
tion as aforesaid in an action shall not thereby become entitled
K4
c. 20
296 Road Traffic Act 1972
PARTVI Bankruptcy,
etc. , of
insured or
secured
persons not
to affect
claims by
third parties.
to the benefit of this subsection as respects any judgment ob-
tained in proceedings commenced before the commencement
of that action unless before, or within seven days after, the
commencement of that action he has given notice thereof to
the person who is the plaintiff in the said proceedings specify-
ing the non- disclosure or false representation on which he
proposes to rely ; and a person to whom notice of such an
action is so given shall be entitled, if he thinks fit , to be made
a party thereto.
( 4 ) If the amount which an insurer becomes liable under this
section to pay in respect of a liability of a person who is insured
by a policy or whose liability is covered by a security exceeds
the amount for which he would, apart from the pro-
visions of this section, be liable under the policy or security in
respect of that liability, he shall be entitled to recover the excess
from that person.
( 5 ) In this section-
( a ) “ insurer " includes a person giving a security ;
(b) " material " means of such a nature as to influence
the judgment of a prudent insurer in determining
whether he will take the risk and, if so, at what
premium and on what conditions ; and
( c ) " liability covered by the terms of the policy or
security " means a liability which is covered by the
policy or security or which would be so covered
but for the fact that the insurer is entitled to avoid
or cancel, or has avoided or cancelled, the policy
or security.
( 6) In the application of this section to Scotland, the words
" by virtue of any enactment relating to interest on judgments "
in subsection ( 1) shall be omitted and for the reference in
the proviso to subsection ( 3) to a plaintiff there shall be sub-
stituted a reference to a pursuer.
150.-( 1 ) Where, after a certificate of insurance or certificate
of security has been delivered under section 147 of this Act
to the person by whom a policy has been effected or to whom
a security has been given, any of the following events happens,
that is to say, —
( a) the person by whom the policy was effected or to
whom the security was given becomes bankrupt or
makes a composition or arrangement with his credi-
tors ,
c.20
Road Traffic Act 1972 297
( b) the said person dies, and an order is made under
PART VI
section 130 of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 for the 1914 с. 59.
administration of his estate according to the law of
bankruptcy,
( c ) if the said person is a company, a winding- up order
is made with respect to the company or a resolution
for a voluntary winding up is passed with respect
thereto, or a receiver or manager of the company's
business or undertaking is duly appointed or pos-
session is taken, by or on behalf of the holders of any
debentures secured by a floating charge, of any pro-
perty comprised in or subject to the charge,
the happening of that event shall, notwithstanding anything
in the Third Parties ( Rights Against Insurers) Act 1930, not 1930 с. 25.
affect any such liability of the said person as is required to be
covered by a policy of insurance under section 145 of this
Act , but nothing in this subsection shall affect any rights con-
ferred by that Act on the person to whom the liability was
incurred, being rights so conferred against the person by whom
the policy was issued or the security was given .
( 2 ) In the application of this section to Scotland " company "
includes a limited partnership, and the reference to an order's
being made under section 130 of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 for
the administration of a person's estate according to the law of
bankruptcy shall be deemed to include a reference to an award's
being made of sequestration of his estate and a reference to an
appointment's being made under section 163 of the Bankruptcy 1913 c. 20.
( Scotland) Act 1913 of a judicial factor to administer his estate.
151.-( 1 ) A person against whom a claim is made in respect Duty to give
of any such liability as is required to be covered by a policy of information
insurance under section 145 of this Act shall, on demand by or
as to insurance
or security
on behalf of the person making the claim-
where claim
(a) state whether or not, in respect of that liability, he was made.
insured by a policy having effect for the purposes of
this Part of this Act or had in force a security having
effect for those purposes, or would have been so insured
or would have had in force such a security if the
insurer or, as the case may be, the giver of the security
had not avoided or cancelled the policy or security,
and
(b) if he was or would have been so insured, or had or
would have had in force such a security, give such
particulars with respect to that policy or security as
were specified in the certificate of insurance or security
delivered in respect of that policy or security, as the
casemaybe, under section 147 of this Act.
c.20
298 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VI (2) If without reasonable excuse, a person fails to comply
with the provisions of subsection ( 1 ) above, or wilfully makes
a false statement in reply to any such demand as aforesaid, he
shall be guilty of an offence.
Deposits. 1958 с. 72.
152.-( 1 ) Where a person has deposited a sum with the
Accountant General of the Supreme Court under section 144
or 146 of this Act, then so long as any liabilities incurred by
him, being such liabilities as are required to be covered by a
policy of insurance under section 145 of this Act, have not been
discharged or otherwise provided for no part of that sum shall
be applicable in discharge of any other liabilities incurred by
him.
( 2) Any regulations made, or having effect as if made, by the
Secretary of State or the Board of Trade under section 20 of
the Insurance Companies Act 1958 which apply to deposits made
by insurers carrying on motor vehicle insurance business shall,
with such necessary modifications and adaptations as, after
consultation with the Lord Chancellor, may be prescribed, apply
to deposits made with the said Accountant General under section
144 or 146 of this Act ; and there may, after such consultation
as aforesaid, be made by regulations with respect to the said
deposits such provision as might be made by the Secretary of
State or the Board of Trade under section 20 of the said Act
of 1958 with respect to deposits under that Act.
Power to
153. Provision may be made by regulations under section 37
require
of the Vehicles (Excise) Act 1971 for requiring a person apply-
evidence of
ing for a licence under that Act in respect of a motor vehicle to
insurance or
produce such evidence as may be prescribed that either-
security on application
( a) on the date when the licence comes into operation there
for vehicle
excise licence.
will be in force the necessary policy of insurance or
the necessary security in relation to the use of the
1971 с. 10.
vehicle by the applicant or by other persons on his
order or with his permission ; or
( b) the vehicle is a vehicle to which section 143 of this Act
does not apply at a time when it is being driven under
the owner's control .
Payment for
hospital treatment of
traffic
casualties.
Payments for treatment of traffic casualties
154.-( 1 ) Where a payment, other than a payment under
section 155 of this Act, is made (whether or not with an admis-
sion of liability)-
( a) by an authorised insurer, the payment being made under
or in consequence of a policy issued under section 145
of this Act, or
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 299
( b) by the owner of a vehicle in relation to the use of which
PARTVI
a security under this Part of this Act is in force, or
( c) by the owner of a vehicle who has made a deposit under
this Part of this Act,
in respect of the death of, or bodily injury to, any person arising
out of the use of a motor vehicle on a road or in a place to
which the public have a right of access, and the person who has
so died or been bodily injured has to the knowledge of the insurer
or owner, as the case may be, received treatment at a hospital,
whether as an in-patient or as an out-patient, in respect of the
injury so arising, the insurer or owner shall pay the expenses
reasonably incurred by the hospital in affording the treatment,
after deducting from the expenses any moneys actually received
in payment of a specific charge for the treatment, not being
moneys received under any contributory scheme :
Provided that the amount to be paid shall not exceed £ 200
for each person treated as an in-patient or £20 for each person
treated as an out -patient.
( 2) For the purposes of this section " expenses reasonably
incurred " means-
( a ) in relation to a person who receives treatment at a
hospital as an in- patient, an amount for each day he is
maintained in the hospital representing the average
daily cost, for each in- patient, of the maintenance of
the hospital and the staff thereof and the maintenance
and treatment of the in- patients therein ; and
( b ) in relation to a person who receives treatment at a
hospital as an out-patient, reasonable expenses actually
incurred.
155.-( 1 ) Where medical or surgical treatment or examination Payment for
is immediately required as a result of bodily injury (including emergency treatment of
fatal injury) to a person caused by, or arising out of, the use traffic
of a motor vehicle on a road, and the treatment or examination casualties.
so required (in this Part of this Act referred to as " emergency
treatment ") is effected by a legally qualified medical prac-
titioner, the person who was using the vehicle at the time of
the event out of which the bodily injury arose shall, on a
claim's being made in accordance with the provisions of section
156 of this Act, pay to the practitioner , or, where emergency
treatment is effected by more than one practitioner, to the
practitioner by whom it is first effected-
( a) a fee of £1·25 in respect of each person in whose case
the emergency treatment is effected by him ; and
(b) a sum, in respect of any distance in excess of two miles
which he must cover in order to proceed from the place
whence he is summoned to the place where the emer-
300 Road Traffic Act 1972
c .20
PARTVI
gency treatment is carried out by him and to return
to the first - mentioned place, equal to 21 new pence for
every complete mile and additional part of a mile of
that distance.
( 2) Where emergency treatment is first effected in a hospital,
the provisions of subsection (1) above with respect to payment
of a fee shall, so far as applicable, but subject ( as regards the
recipient of a payment ) to the provisions of section 156 of this
Act, have effect with the substitution of references to the
hospital for references to a legally qualified medical practitioner.
( 3) Liability incurred under this section by the person using a
vehicle shall, where the event out of which it arose was caused
by the wrongful act of another person, be treated for the pur-
poses of any claim to recover damage by reason of that wrongful
act as damage sustained by the person using the vehicle.
Supple-
156.-( 1 ) A payment falling to be made under section 154
mentary provisions as
or 155 of this Act in respect of treatment in a hospital shall be
made-
to payments for treatment.
( a ) in the case of a hospital vested in the Secretary of State
1946 с. 81.
for the purposes of the National Health Service Act
1946, not being a teaching hospital ( within the meaning
of that Act), to the Regional Hospital Board for the
area where the hospital is situated,
( b) in the case of such a teaching hospital, to the Board of
Governors of the hospital,
( c ) in the case of a hospital vested in the Secretary of State,
to the Secretary of State or on his behalf to any
Regional Hospital Board or Board of Management
authorised by him for the purpose,
( d ) inthe case of any other hospital, to the hospital.
( 2) A claim for a payment under section 155 of this Act
may be made at the time when the emergency treatment is
effected, by oral request to the person who was using the vehicle,
and if not so made must be made by request in writing served
on him within seven days from the day on which the emergency
treatment was effected ; and any such request in writing-
( a) must be signed by the claimant or in the case of a
hospital, by an executive officer of the Board or hos-
pital claiming the payment or by an officer of the
Secretary of State, must state the name and address of
the claimant, the circumstances in which the emergency
treatment was effected, and that it was first effected by
the claimant or, in the case of a hospital, in the
hospital ,
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 301
( b) may be served by delivering it to the person who was
PART VI
using the vehicle or by sending it in a prepaid registered
letter, or the recorded delivery service, addressed to
him at his usual or last -known address .
( 3) A sum payable under the said section 155 shall be
recoverable as if it were a simple contract debt due from the
person who was using the vehicle to the practitioner, Board or
hospital, or the Secretary of State .
( 4 ) A payment made under the said section 155 shall operate
as a discharge, to the extent of the amount paid, of any liability
of the person who was using the vehicle, or of any other
person, to pay any sum in respect of the expenses or remunera-
tion of the practitioner or hospital concerned of or for effecting
the emergency treatment.
( 5) A chief officer of police shall, if so requested by a person
who alleges that he is entitled to claim a payment under the
said section 155, furnish to that person any information at the
disposal of the chief officer as to the identification marks of
any motor vehicle which that person alleges to be a vehicle
out of the use of which the bodily injury arose and as to the
identity and address of the person who was using the vehicle
at the time of the event out of which it arose.
Supplementary
157. The Secretary of State may make regulations for any Regulations
purpose for which regulations may be made under this Part offor purposes
thisAct and for prescribing anything which may be prescribed of Part VI.
under this Part of this Act and generally for the purpose of
carrying this Part of this Act into effect, and in particular, but
without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions,
may make regulations-
( a ) as to the forms to be used for the purposes of this Part
of this Act ;
( b) as to applications for and the issue of certificates of
insurance and certificates of security and any other
documents which may be prescribed, and as to the
keeping of records of documents and the furnishing of
particulars thereof or the giving of information with
respect thereto to the Secretary of State or a chief
officer of police ;
( c) as to the issue of copies of any such certificates or other
documents which are lost or destroyed ;
( d ) as to the custody, production, cancellation and surrender
of any such certificates or other documents ;
c . 20
302 Road Traffic Act 1972
PARTVI
(e) for providing that any provisions of this Part of this
Act shall, in relation to vehicles brought into Great
Britain by persons making only a temporary stay
therein , have effect subject to such modifications and
adaptations as may be prescribed.
Interpretation ofPart VI.
158.-( 1 ) In this Part of this Act, except where the context
otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings
hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say, -
" authorised insurer " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 145 (2) of this Act ;
" hospital " means an institution, not being an institution
carried on for profit, which provides medical or sur-
gical treatment for in-patients ;
" policy of insurance " includes a covering note ;
66
prescribed " means prescribed by regulations ;
"
regulations " means regulations made under section 157
ofthis Act;
" salvage " means the preservation of a vessel which is
wrecked, stranded or in distress, or the lives of persons
belonging to, or the cargo or apparel of, such a vessel ;
" under the owner's control " means, in relation to a vehicle,
that it is being driven by the owner or by a servant of
the owner in the course of his employment or is other-
wise subject to the control of the owner.
( 2 ) In any provision of this Part of this Act relating to the
surrender, or the loss or destruction, of a certificate of insurance
or certificate of security, references to such a certificate shall,
in relation to policies or securities under which more than one
certificate is issued, be construed as references to all certifi-
cates and shall, where any copy has been issued of any certificate,
be construed as including a reference to that copy.
Power of
police to stop vehicles.
PART VII
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Furnishing of information and production of documents
159. A person driving a motor vehicle on a road and a person
riding a cycle, not being a motor vehicle, on a road shall stop the
same on being so required by a constable in uniform, and if he
fails to do so he shall be guilty of an offence.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 303
160.-( 1 ) Subject to any regulations made by the Secretary of PART VII
State, it shall be lawful for a person authorised by a highway Weighing of
authority, or for a constable authorised on behalf of a highway motor vehicles.
authority by a police authority or a chief officer of police, on
production of his authority, to require the person in charge of
a motor vehicle to allow the vehicle or any trailer drawn thereby
to be weighed, either laden or unladen, and the weight trans-
mitted to the road by any parts of the vehicle or trailer in
contact with the road to be tested, and for that purpose to
proceed to a weighbridge or other machine for weighing
vehicles ; and if a person in charge of a motor vehicle refuses
or neglects to comply with any such requirement, he shall be
guilty of an offence :
Provided that it shall not be lawful for a person or constable
so authorised to require the person in charge of the motor
vehicle to unload the vehicle or trailer, or to cause or allow it
to be unloaded, for the purpose of its being weighed unladen.
( 2) If at the time when the requirement is made the vehicle is
more than one mile from the weighbridge or other machine, and
the weight is found to be within the limits authorised by law
the highway authority on whose behalf the requirement is made
shall pay, in respect of loss occasioned, such amount as in
default of agreement may be determined by a single arbitrator
agreed upon by the parties, or in default of agreement appointed
by the Secretary of State.
(3) Where a motor vehicle or trailer is weighed under this
section, a certificate of weight shall be given to the person in
charge of the vehicle, and the certificate so given shall exempt
the motor vehicle and the trailer, if any, from being weighed so
long as it is during the continuance of the same journey carrying
the same load.
(4) A certifying officer appointed under Part III of the Road 1960 c. 16.
Traffic Act 1960 or an examiner appointed under section 56
of this Act or any of the Secretary of State's officers authorised
by him in that behalf may at any time, on production of his
authority, exercise with respect to the weighing of goods vehicles
all such powers as are under the foregoing provisions of this
section exercisable by a constable authorised as therein men-
tioned with respect to the weighing of motor vehicles and trailers,
and the said provisions shall apply accordingly with the sub-
stitution in subsection ( 2), for references to the highway authority
on whose behalf the requirement is made and the Secretary of
State of references respectively to the Secretary of State and the
Lord Chief Justice of England or, as the case may be, the Lord
President of the Court of Session .
304 Road Traffic Act 1972
c . 20
PART VII
Powerof
constables
to require production
ofdriving
licences and
in certain cases
statement of
date of birth.
161.-( 1 ) Any such person as follows, that is to say, -
(a) a person driving a motor vehicle on a road, or
( b) a person whom a constable has reasonable cause to
believe to have been the driver of a motor vehicle at
a time when an accident occurred owing to its presence
on a road, or
(c) a person whom a constable has reasonable cause to
believe to have committed an offence in relation to the
use of a motor vehicle on a road, or
( d ) a person who supervises the holder of a provisional
licence granted under Part III of this Act while the
holder is driving a motor vehicle on a road or whom
a constable has reasonable cause to believe was
supervising the holder of such a licence while driving
at a time when an accident occurred owing to the
presence of the vehicle on a road or at a time when an
offence is suspected of having been committed by the
said holder in relation to the use of the vehicle on a
road,
shall, on being so required by a constable, produce for examina-
tion his licence to drive a motor vehicle granted under Part III
of this Act, so as to enable the constable to ascertain the name
and address of the holder of the licence, the date of issue, and
the authority by which it was issued ; and shall in prescribed
circumstances, on being so required by the constable, state his
date of birth.
( 2) Where a licence to drive a motor vehicle granted under
Part III of this Act has been revoked by the Secretary of State
under section 87 or 89 thereof then if the holder of the licence
fails to deliver it to the Secretary of State in pursuance of that
section a constable may require him to produce it , and upon
its being produced may seize it and deliver it to the Secretary
of State.
( 3) Where a constable has reasonable cause to believe that
the person to whom a licence to drive a motor vehicle has been
granted under Part III of this Act, or any other person, has
knowingly made a false statement for the purpose of obtaining
the grant of the licence the constable may require the holder
of the licence to produce it to him.
( 4) If a person required under the foregoing provisions of
this section to produce a licence or state his date of birth to a
constable fails to do so he shall be guilty of an offence ; but
if within five days after the production of his licence was so
required he produces the licence in person at such police station
as may have been specified by him at the time its production was
required, he shall not be convicted of an offence under this
subsection.
c.20
Road Traffic Act 1972 305
( 5 ) Where in accordance with this section a person has stated
PART VII
his date of birth to a constable, the Secretary of State may serve
on that person a notice in writing requiring him to furnish the
Secretary of State-
(a) with such evidence in that person's possession or obtain-
able by him as the Secretary of State may specify for
the purposes of verifying that date ; and
(b) if his name differs from his name at the time of his birth,
with a statement in writing specifying his name at that
time ;
and a person who knowingly fails to comply with a notice under
this subsection shall be guilty of an offence.
( 6 ) A notice authorised to be served on any person by sub-
section (5) above may be served on him by delivering it to him
or by leaving it at his proper address or by sending it to him
by post ; and for the purposes of this subsection and section 26
of the Interpretation Act 1889 in its application to this subsection
the proper address of any person shall be his latest address as
known to the person giving the notice.
162.-( 1 ) Any such person as follows, that is to say, -
Power of
constables to
( a) a person driving on a road a motor vehicle (other than obtain names
an invalid carriage), or and addresses
of drivers and
( b ) a person whom a constable has reasonable cause to others, and to
believe to have been the driver of a motor vehicle require
( other than an invalid carriage ) at a time when an production of
accident occurred owing to its presence on a road, or evidence of
insurance or
( c ) a person whom a constable has reasonable cause to security
believe to have committed an offence in relation to and test
the use on a road of a motor vehicle ( other than ancertificates .
invalid carriage),
shall, on being so required by a constable, give his name and
address and the name and address of the owner of the vehicle
and produce for examination-
(i ) the relevant certificate of insurance or certificate of
security within the meaning of Part VI of this Act, or
such other evidence that the vehicle is not or was not
being driven in contravention of section 143 thereof as
may be prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary
ofState,
(ii ) in relation to a vehicle to which section 44 of this Act
applies, a test certificate issued in respect thereof as
mentioned in subsection ( 1) of that section, and
(iii) in relation to a goods vehicle the use of which on a
road without a plating certificate, goods vehicle test
c . 20
306 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VII
certificate or one or more certificates in force under
section 47 of this Act is an offence under section 46( 1)
or (2) or 51 ( 1 ) of this Act, any such certificate issued
in respect of that vehicle or any trailer drawn by it ,
and if he fails to do so he shall, subject to subsection (2)
below, be guilty of an offence.
( 2) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under
subsection ( 1) above by reason only of failure to produce any
certificate or other evidence to a constable if, within five days
after the date on which the production of the certificate or
other evidence was required, it is produced at such police station
as may have been specified by him at the time when its
production was required.
( 3) A person who supervises the holder of a provisional
licence granted under Part III of this Act while the holder
is driving on a road a motor vehicle (other than an invalid
carriage) or whom a constable has reasonable cause to believe
was supervising the holder of such a licence while driving at a
time when an accident occurred owing to the presence of the
vehicle on a road or at a time when an offence is suspected
of having been committed by the said holder in relation to
the use of the vehicle on a road shall, on being so required
by a constable, give his name and address and the name and
address of the owner of the vehicle, and if he fails to do so
he shall be guilty of an offence.
( 4 ) In this section " owner ", in relation to a vehicle which
is the subject of a hiring agreement, includes each party to the
agreement.
Powers of
163. A certifying officer appointed under Part III of the Road
certifying
Traffic Act 1960 or an examiner appointed under section 56 of
officers and
this Act may at any time, on production if so required of his
examiners as
respects goods authority, exercise in the case of goods vehicles all such powers
vehicles.
as are, under section 161 ( 1) or 162 of this Act, exercisable by
1960 с. 16.
aconstable.
Penalisation
offailure to
give name and
address, and
power of
arrest, in case
of dangerous
orcareless
driving or
cycling, etc.
164.-( 1 ) Any such person as the following, namely-
( a ) the driver of a motor vehicle who is alleged to have
committed an offence against section 2 or 3 of this
Act, or
( b) the rider of a cycle who is alleged to have committed
an offence against section 17 or 18 of this Act,
who refuses, on being so required by any person having reason-
able ground for so requiring , to give his name or address, or
gives a false name or address, shall be guilty of an offence.
c.20
Road Traffic Act 1972 307
( 2 ) Aconstable may-
(a) arrest without warrant the driver of a motor vehicle
who within his view commits an offence against
section 2 or 3 of this Act unless the driver either gives
his name and address or produces for examination his
licence to drive a motor vehicle granted under Part III
of this Act ;
( b) arrest without warrant the rider of a cycle who within
his view commits an offence against section 17 or 18
of this Act unless the rider gives his name and
address.
PART VII
165. A constable may require a person committing an Pedestrian
offence against section 23 of this Act to give his name and contravening
constable's
address, and if that person fails to do so he shall be guilty of
direction to
anoffence.
stop to give
name and
address.
166. ( 1 ) If in a case where, owing to the presence on a road Duty of
of a motor vehicle ( other than an invalid carriage) an accident driver, in case
occurs involving personal injury to another person, the driver of of accident involving
the vehicle does not at the time produce to a constable or some injury to
person who, having reasonable grounds for so doing, has re- another, to
quired its production, such a certificate of insurance or security, produce
or other evidence, as is mentioned in paragraph (i) of section evidence of
insurance or
162(1) of this Act, the driver shall as soon as possible, and in security or
any case within twenty-four hours of the occurrence of the acci- to report
dent, report the accident at a police station or to a constable accident .
and thereupon produce such a certificate or other evidence as
aforesaid, and if he fails to do so he shall, subject to subsection
( 2) below, be guilty of an offence.
(2) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under sub-
section ( 1 ) above by reason only of a failure to produce a certifi-
cate or other evidence if, within five days after the occurrence
of the accident, he produces the same in person at such police
station as may be specified by him at the time when the
accident was reported.
167.- ( 1 ) It shall be the duty of the owner of a motor vehicle Duty of owner
to give such information as he may be required by or on behalf of motor
vehicle give
of a chief officer of police to give for the purpose of determining information
whether the vehicle was or was not being driven in contraven- for verifying
tion of section 143 of this Act on any occasion when the driver compliance
was required under section 162( 1) or 166 of this Act to produce with
such a certificate of insurance or security, or other evidence, as requirement of
is mentioned in paragraph (i ) of the said section 162( 1) ; and compulsory
insurance ora person who fails to comply with the requirement of this sub- security.
section shall be guilty of an offence.
c.20
308 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VII
( 2 ) In this section " owner ", in relation to a vehicle which
is the subject of a hiring agreement, includes each party to the
agreement.
Duty to give information
168.-( 1) This section applies-
( a ) to any offence under the foregoing provisions of this
as to identity
Act and to an offence under section 175 of this Act
of driver, etc.,
in certain
except an offence under Part V thereof or under
cases.
section 15, 32, 45(7) , 50(5) , 53 (4) , 55 (5) , 56(3), 91 or
119, and
( b) to offences against any other enactment relating to the
use of vehicles on roads.
(2) Where the driver of a vehicle is alleged to be guilty of
an offence to which this section applies-
( a ) the person keeping the vehicle shall give such in-
formation as to the identity of the driver as he may
be required to give by or on behalf of a chief officer
of police, and
( b) any other person shall if required as aforesaid give
any information which it is in his power to give and
may lead to the identification of the driver.
In this subsection references to the driver of a vehicle include
references to the person riding a cycle, not being a motor
vehicle.
( 3) A person who fails to comply with the requirement of
subsection ( 2) ( a) above shall be guilty of an offence unless he
shows to the satisfaction of the court that he did not know
and could not with reasonable diligence have ascertained who
the driver of the vehicle, or, as the case may be, the rider of
the cycle, was ; and a person who fails to comply with the
requirement of subsection (2)(b) above shall be guilty of an
offence.
Forgery of
documents,
etc.
Forgery, false statements, etc.
169.-( 1 ) A person shall be guilty of an offence who, with
intent to deceive-
( a ) forges, or alters, or uses or lends to, or allows to be
used by, any other person, a document or other thing
to which this section applies, or
( b ) makes or has in his possession any document or other
thing so closely resembling a document or other thing
to which this section applies as to be calculated to
deceive.
(2 ) This section applies to the following documents and other
things, namely-
( a) any licence under any Part of this Act ;
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 309
( b) any test certificate, goods vehicle test certificate, plat- PART VII
ing certificate, manufacturer's certificate or Minister's
approval certificate ;
( c) any plate containing plated particulars or containing
other particulars required to be marked on a goods
vehicle by section 47 of this Act or regulations there-
under ;
(d ) any records required to be kept by virtue of section
59 of this Act;
(e) any document which, in pursuance of section 85(2) or
119( 1) of this Act, is issued as evidence of the result
of a test of competence to drive ;
( f ) any badge or certificate prescribed by regulations under
section 135 of this Act ;
( g ) any certificate of insurance or certificate of security
under Part VI of this Act ;
( h) any document issued under regulations made by the
Secretary of State in pursuance of his power under
paragraph ( i) of section 162( 1 ) of this Act to prescribe
evidence which may be produced in lieu of a certifi-
cate of insurance or a certificate of security.
66
( 3) In this section plated particulars ", " manufacturer's
certificate " and " Minister's approval certificate " have the same
meanings as they respectively have for the purposes of Part II of
this Act ; and in the application of this section to England and
Wales " forges " means forges within the meaning of the Forgery 1913 c. 27.
Act 1913.
170.-(1 ) A person shall be guilty of an offence who know- False
ingly makes a false statement for the purpose- statements and
withholding
( a ) of obtaining the grant of a licence under any Part of material
this Act to himself or any other person, or
information.( b) of preventing the grant of any such licence, or
(c ) of procuring the imposition of a condition or limitation
in relation to any such licence, or
( d ) of securing the entry or retention of the name of any
person in the register of approved instructors main-
tained under Part V of this Act.
( 2) A person shall be guilty of an offence who in supplying
information or producing documents for the purposes either of
section 46, 47, 48, 49 or 51 of this Act or of regulations made
under section 45, 50 or 52(2) thereof makes a statement which
he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes
a statement which is false in a material particular, or produces,
furnishes , sends or otherwise makes use of a document which
he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly pro-
duces, furnishes, sends or otherwise makes use of a document
which is false in a material particular.
c.20
310 Road Traffic Act 1972
PARTVII
Issue of false
documents.
Using goods
vehicle with
unauthorised
weights as
well as
authorised
weights
marked
thereon .
( 3) A person shall be guilty of an offence who knowingly
produces false evidence for the purposes of regulations under
section 52( 1 ) of this Act or knowingly makes a false statement
in a declaration required to be made by the regulations.
( 4) A person shall be guilty of an offence who knowingly
makes a false statement in a certificate or declaration under
section 54 of this Act (including that section as applied by
section 55( 3) thereof) .
(5) A person shall be guilty of an offence who wilfully makes
a false entry in any record required to be made or kept by
regulations under section 59 of this Act or, with intent to
deceive, makes use of any such entry which he knows to be
false.
( 6) A person shall be guilty of an offence who makes a false
statement or withholds any material information for the purpose
of obtaining the issue-
( a) of a certificate of insurance or certificate of security
under Part VI of this Act, or
( b) of any document issued under regulations made by the
Secretary of State in pursuance of his power under
paragraph (i) of section 162( 1) of this Act to prescribe
evidence which may be produced in lieu of a certificate
of insurance or a certificate of security.
( 7) Section 64(2) of this Act shall apply for the purposes of
proceedings under subsections (2) and (5) above as it applies
for the purposes of the proceedings mentioned in that subsection .
171. A person shall be guilty of an offence who issues any
such document as is referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) of section
170(6) of this Act, or a test certificate or manufacturer's certifi-
cate ( within the meaning of Part II of this Act ) if the document
or certificate so issued is to his knowledge false in a material
particular.
172. If there is fixed to a goods vehicle a plate containing
plated weights of any description determined for that vehicle by
virtue of section 45 of this Act or specified in a certificate
therefor under section 47(5) , ( 6), (8) or ( 11) of this Act, the
vehicle shall not, while it is used on a road, be marked with
any other weights, except other plated weights, other weights
required or authorised to be marked on the vehicle by regula-
tions under section 40 of this Act or weights so authorised for
the purposes of this section by regulations made by the Secretary
of State and marked in the prescribed manner ; and in the event
of a contravention of or failure to comply with this section the
owner of the vehicle shall be guilty of an offence.
Road Traffic Act 1972 311
c. 20
173.- ( 1 ) If a constable has reasonable cause to believe that
PART VII
a document produced to him in pursuance of section 137 of this Power to
Act, or in pursuance of any of the foregoing provisions of this seize articles
Part of this Act, is a document in relation to which an offence with respect
has been committed under section 169, 170 or 171 of this Act to which
offences under
or under section 86 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967, he ss . 169 to 171
may seize the document ; and when a document is seized under may have been
this subsection, the person from whom it was taken shall, unless committed.
the document has been previously returned to him or he has 1967 c. 76.
been previously charged with an offence under any of those
sections, be summoned before a magistrates' court or, in Scot-
land, the sheriff to account for his possession of the said
document and the court or sheriff shall make such order respect-
ing the disposal of the said document and award such costs
as the justice of the case may require.
( 2) If a constable, a certifying officer appointed under Part III
of the Road Traffic Act 1960 or an examiner appointed under 1960 c. 16.
section 56 of this Act has reasonable cause to believe that a
document or plate carried on a motor vehicle or by the driver
thereof is a document or plate in relation to which an offence
has been committed under section 169, 170 or 171 of this Act
in so far as they apply-
( a) to documents evidencing the appointment of examiners
for the purposes of sections 56 to 58 of this Act, or
( b) to goods vehicle test certificates, plating certificates ,
manufacturers' certificates or Minister's approval cer-
tificates , or
(c ) to plates containing plated particulars or containing
other particulars required to be marked on goods
vehicles by section 47 of this Act or regulations made
thereunder, or
( d ) to records required to be kept by virtue of section 59
of this Act,
he may seize the document or plate ; and when a document or
plate is seized under this subsection, either the driver or owner
of the vehicle shall, if the document or plate is still detained
and neither of them has previously been charged with an offence
in relation thereto under section 169, 170 or 171 of this Act,
be summoned before a magistrates' court or, in Scotland, the
sheriff to account for his possession of, or the presence on the
vehicle of, the said document or plate and the court or sheriff
shall make such order respecting the disposal of the said docu-
ment or plate and award such costs as the justice of the case
may require.
For the purposes of this subsection the power to seize includes
power to detach from a vehicle.
( 3) In subsection (2 ) above " plated particulars " ,
manu-
facturer's certificate " and " Minister's approval certificate " have
c.20
312 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VII
the same meanings as they respectively have for the purposes of
Part II of this Act.
Personation of,
or of person
employed by, authorised
examiner.
174. A person shall be guilty of an offence if , with intent
to deceive, he falsely represents himself to be, or to be employed
by, a person authorised by the Secretary of State for the pur-
poses of section 43 of this Act.
Offences in Scotland
Taking
motor vehicle
without
authority, etc.
175.-( 1 ) A person who in Scotland-
( a) takes and drives away a motor vehicle without having
either the consent of the owner thereof or other lawful
authority, or
( b) knowing that a motor vehicle has been so taken, drives
it or allows himself to be carried in or on it without
such consent or authority,
shall, subject to subsection ( 2) below, be guilty of an offence.
( 2) If on proceedings under this section on indictment the
jury, or on summary proceedings under this section the court ,
are satisfied that the accused acted in the reasonable belief
that he had lawful authority, or in the reasonable belief that
the owner would, in the circumstances of the case, have given
his consent if he had been asked for it, the accused shall not
be liable to be convicted of the offence .
( 3) A constable may arrest without warrant a person reason-
ably suspected by him of having committed or of attempting
to commit an offence under this section.
Penalty for
176. As respects Scotland, a person who aids, abets, counsels,
aiding,
procures or incites any other person to commit an offence
abetting , etc., against the provisions of this Act or any regulations made
commission
ofoffences.
thereunder shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on
conviction to the same punishment as might be imposed on
conviction of the first-mentioned offence.
Prosecution and punishment of offences and other
provisions relating to legal proceedings, etc.
Prosecution
and
punishment
ofoffences.
177.-(1 ) Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the prosecution and punishment of the offences
against the provisions of this Act specified in column 1 of that
Part of that Schedule or regulations made thereunder ( of which
the general nature is indicated in column 2 thereof ) .
( 2 ) In relation to any such offence-
( a ) column 3 of that Part of that Schedule shows whether
the offence is punishable on summary conviction or on
indictment or either in one way or the other ;
( b) column 4 of that Part of that Schedule shows
the maximum punishment by way of fine or imprison-
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 313
ment which may be imposed on a person convicted
of the offence in the way specified in relation thereto
in column 3 ( that is to say, summarily or on indict-
ment) , any reference in column 4 to a period of years
or months being construed as a reference to a term of
imprisonment of that duration ;
( c ) column 5 of that Part of that Schedule shows in
relation to which offences the court is required by
section 93( 1 ) or empowered by section 93(2) of this Act
to order the person convicted to be disqualified for
holding or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle
under Part III of this Act (whether or not the court
is also required to disqualify him for an additional
period by section 93( 3) of this Act ), any reference in
column 5 to obligatory disqualification importing such
a requirement and any reference therein to discretionary
disqualification importing such a power ;
( d ) column 6 of that Part of that Schedule shows
in relation to which offences the court is required by
section 101 ( 1) of this Act to order that particulars of
the conviction, and, if the court orders him to be
disqualified, particulars of the disqualification, are to
be endorsed on any licence held by him ; and
(e ) column 7 of that Part of that Schedule applies to such
of the offences against provisions of this Act specified
in column 1 as are indicated by entries against those
offences in column 7 the additional provisions of this
Act (relating to the prosecution and trial of such
offences) specified in those entries.
( 3) Parts II and III of that Schedule show offences which are
not offences under this Act and are not punishable thereunder
but on conviction of which the court is required by section
93(1) or, as the case may be, empowered by section 93(2) of
this Act to order the person convicted to be disqualified for
holding or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle under
Part III of the Act and, in either case, required by section
101 (1 ) of this Act to order that particulars of the conviction,
and, if the court orders him to be disqualified, particulars of
the disqualification, are to be endorsed on any licence held
by him .
( 4 ) The provisions contained in Part IV of that Schedule
( being provisions as to alternative verdicts, as to charges which
may be preferred when a person is not convicted of an offence
charged and as to the conviction of persons of certain offences
despite the absence of a warning of prosecution of those offences)
shall have effect in relation to such of the offences against pro-
visions of this Act specified in column 1 of Part I of that Schedule
as are indicated by entries against those offences in column 7
PART VII
c . 20
314 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VII
Penalty for
breach of
regulations.
Restrictions on
prosecutions
for certain
offences.
1967 с. 76.
of that Part ; and in Scotland the provisions of paragraph 3 of
Part IV shall have effect also in relation to the offence shown in
Part II of that Schedule.
( 5) Part V of that Schedule shall have effect for the interpreta-
tion of that Schedule.
(6) Any reference in that Schedule to a section by its number
only is a reference to a section of this Act.
178. If a person acts in contravention of or fails to comply
with any regulations made by the Secretary of State under this
Act (other than regulations made under section 20, 43, 54,
including that section as applied by section 55, or 133 thereof)
and contravention thereof, or failure to comply therewith, is not
made an offence under any other provision of this Act, he shall
for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £20.
179.-(1 ) This section applies to-
( a ) any offence under this Act to which it is applied by
column 7 of Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act; and
( b) any offence under section 77( 7) of the Road Traffic
Regulation Act 1967 or punishable by virtue of section
78A of that Act.
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this section and
to the provisions of paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 of Part IV of the
said Schedule 4, where a person is prosecuted for an offence
to which this section applies he shall not be convicted unless
either-
(a) he was warned at the time the offence was committed
that the question of prosecuting him for some one or
other of the offences to which this section applies
would be taken into consideration ; or
( b) within fourteen days of the commission of the offence
a summons ( or, in Scotland, a complaint) for the
offence was served on him ; or
( c) within the said fourteen days a notice of the intended
prosecution specifying the nature of the alleged offence
and the time and place where it is alleged to have
been committed, was-
(i) in the case of an offence against section 17 or
18 of this Act, served on him,
( ii ) in the case of any other offence, served on
him or on the person, if any, registered as the
keeper of the vehicle at the time of the commission
of the offence ;
and the notice shall be deemed for the purposes of paragraph
( c ) above to have been served on any person if it was sent by
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 315
registered post or recorded delivery service addressed to him at PARTVII
his last known address, notwithstanding that the notice was
returned as undelivered or was for any other reason not received
by him.
( 3) The requirement of subsection ( 2) above shall in every
case be deemed to have been complied with unless and until
the contrary is proved.
( 4 ) Failure to comply with the requirement of subsection ( 2)
above shall not be a bar to the conviction of the accused in a
case where the court is satisfied-
( a ) that neither the name and address of the accused nor
the name and address of the registered keeper, if any,
could with reasonable diligence have been ascertained
in time for a summons or, as the case may be, a com-
plaint to be served or for a notice to be served or
sent in compliance with the said requirement ; or
(b) that the accused by his own conduct contributed to the
failure.
180. Summary proceedings for an offence under this Act to Time within
which this section is applied by column 7 of Part I of Schedule 4which
to this Act may be brought within a period of six months from summary
the date on which evidence sufficient in the opinion of the proceedings
for certain
prosecutor to warrant the proceedings came to his knowledge ; offences
but no such proceedings shall be brought by virtue of this must be
section more than three years after the commission of the commenced.
offence.
For the purposes of this section a certificate signed by or on
behalf of the prosecutor and stating the date on which such
evidence as aforesaid came to his knowledge shall be conclusive
evidence of that fact; and a certificate stating that matter and
purporting to be so signed shall be deemed to be so signed unless
the contrary is proved.
181.-(1) In any proceedings in England or Wales for an Evidence by
offence under this Act to which this section is applied by column certificate .
7 of Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act or which is punishable by
virtue of section 178 thereof or for an offence against any other
enactment relating to the use of vehicles on roads a certificate
in the prescribed form, purporting to be signed by a constable
and certifying that a person specified in the certificate stated
to the constable-
( a) that a particular motor vehicle was being driven or
used by, or belonged to, that person on a particular
occasion, or
(b) that a particular motor vehicle on a particular occasion
was used by, or belonged to, a firm in which that
person also stated that he was at the time of the state-
ment a partner, or
с. 20
316 Road Traffic Act 1972
PARTVII
( c ) that a particular motor vehicle on a particular occasion
was used by, or belonged to, a corporation of which
that person also stated that he was at the time of the
statement a director, officer or employee,
shall be admissible as evidence for the purpose of determining
by whom the vehicle was being driven or used, or to whom it
belonged, as the case may be, on that occasion .
( 2 ) Nothing in subsection ( 1 ) above shall be deemed to make
a certificate admissible as evidence in proceedings for an offence
except in a case where and to the like extent to which oral
evidence to the like effect would have been admissible in those
proceedings .
( 3) Nothing in subsection ( 1) above shall be deemed to make
a certificate admissible as evidence in proceedings for an
offence-
( a ) unless a copy thereof has, not less than seven days
before the hearing or trial, been served in the pre-
scribed manner on the person charged with the offence,
or
( b ) if that person, not later than three days before the
hearing or trial or within such further time as the court
may in special circumstances allow, serves a notice in
the prescribed form and manner on the prosecutor
requiring attendance at the trial of the person who
signed the certificate.
( 4 ) In this section " prescribed " means prescribed by rules
made by the Secretary of State by statutory instument.
Admissibility of records as
182.-( 1 ) A statement contained in a document purporting
to be-
evidence .
( a) a part of the records maintained by the Secretary of State
in connection with any functions exercisable by him by
virtue of Part III of this Act or a part of any other
records maintained by the Secretary of State with
respect to vehicles ; or
( b) a copy of a document forming part of those records ; or
( c ) a note of any information contained in those records,
and to be authenticated by a person authorised in that behalf
by the Secretary of State shall be admissible in any proceedings
as evidence of any fact stated therein to the same extent as oral
evidence of that fact is admissible in those proceedings.
( 2 ) In subsection (1) above "document " and " statement "
1968 с. 64.
have the same meanings as in section 10(1) of the Civil Evidence
Act 1968, and the reference to a copy of a document shall be
construed in accordance with section 10(2) of that Act ; but
c .20
Road Traffic Act 1972 317
nothing in this subsection shall be construed as limiting to civil
PART VII
proceedings the references to proceedings in subsection ( 1) above.
( 3) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall
enable evidence to be given with respect to any matter other
than a matter of the prescribed description.
( 4 ) In its application to Scotland this section shall have effect
asif-
( a ) in subsection ( 1 ), for the words from " as evidence "
onwards there were substituted the words " as sufficient
evidence of any fact stated therein, so however that
nothing in this subsection shall be deemed to make such
a statement evidence in any proceedings except where
oral evidence to the like effect would have been admis-
sible in those proceedings " ; and
(b) in subsection ( 2), for the references to section 10( 1 ) and
( 2) of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 there were sub- 1968 c. 64.
stituted references to section 17( 3) and ( 4 ) respectively
of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions ) 1968 c. 70.
( Scotland ) Act 1968 .
183. Where on the summary trial in England or Wales of Proof, in
an information for an offence under this Act to which this summary
section is applied by column 7 of Part I of Schedule 4 to this proceedings,
Act or which is punishable by virtue of section 178 thereof or of identity of
driver of
for an offence against any other enactment relating to the use vehicle.
of vehicles on roads-
( a ) it is proved to the satisfaction of the court, on oath or
in manner prescribed by rules made under section
1949 с. 101 .
15 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949, that a
requirement under section 168( 2 ) of this Act to give
information as to the identity of the driver of a par-
ticular vehicle on the particular occasion to which the
information relates has been served on the accused
by post ; and
( b) a statement in writing is produced to the court purport-
ing to be signed by the accused that the accused was
the driver of that vehicle on that occasion,
the court may accept that statement as evidence that the accused
was the driver of that vehicle on that occasion .
184. An offence under this Act, or any regulations made Jurisdiction
under this Act , for which the maximum penalty does not exceed of courts of
£ 50 (other than an offence under section 54 (including that summary
section as applied by section 55( 3) ) , 61, 136 or 137 of this Act jurisdiction in
Scotland
or an offence involving discretionary disqualification within the for certain
meaning of Part III of this Act ) may be prosecuted in any court offences.
of summary jurisdiction within the meaning of the Summary
Jurisdiction (Scotland ) Act 1954 having jurisdiction in the place 1954 c. 48.
where the offence was committed.
c .20
318 Road Traffic Act 1972
PARTVII
Destination
offines.
1949 с. 101 .
185.-( 1 ) All sums paid to the Secretary of State under
section 27 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 in respect of
fines imposed in respect of offences under the foregoing pro-
visions of this Act or the regulations made thereunder ( whether
imposed on conviction on indictment or by a magistrates' court)
shall be deemed to be Exchequer moneys within the meaning of
the said section 27 .
( 2) There shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund all fines
imposed in respect of offences committed in Scotland under the
foregoing provisions of this Act or the regulations made there-
under, except offences under the following provisions, namely,
sections 1 ( 1 ) , 5 (2) , 20( 1 ) , 23 , 31 ( 1 ), 33 (2) , 35, 44( 1 ) , 53(4) , 54(5) ,
54(6) (including the last two subsections as applied by section
55 (3) ) , 55 (5) , 61 (2) , 165, 170(3), 170( 4), 174 and an offence
under section 161( 4 ) consisting of a contravention of subsection
( 2) or (3) of that section.
General power
tohold
inquiries.
General
provisions as
to inquiries.
Inquiries
186. Without prejudice to any other provision of this Act,
the Secretary of State may hold inquiries for the purposes of
this Act.
187.-( 1 ) Where under any of the provisions of this Act an
inquiry is held by the Secretary of State, -
( a) notice of the inquiry may be given and published in
accordance with such general or special directions as
the Secretary of State may give ;
( b) the Secretary of State and, if authorised by him, the
person appointed to hold the inquiry, may by order
require any person, subject to the payment or tender
of the reasonable expenses of his attendance, to attend
as a witness and give evidence or to produce any
documents in his possession or power which relate to
any matter in question at the inquiry, and are such as
would be subject to production in a court of law ;
( c ) the person holding the inquiry shall have power to take
evidence on oath and for that purpose to administer
oaths ;
( d ) the Secretary of State may make such order as to the
payment of the costs incurred by him in connection
with the inquiry ( including such reasonable sum not
exceeding £30 a day as he may determine for the
services of any officer engaged in the inquiry) by
such party to the inquiry as he thinks fit , and may
certify the amount of the costs so incurred, and any
amount so certified and directed by the Secretary of
c . 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 319
State to be paid by any person shall be recoverable
from that person, and shall be so recoverable, in
England or Wales, either as a debt due to the Crown
or by the Secretary of State summarily as a civil debt,
and in Scotland by the Secretary of State.
( 2 ) If a person fails without reasonable excuse to comply
with any of the provisions of an order under paragraph (b) of
subsection ( 1) above, he shall be guilty of an offence.
PARTVII
Application to the Crown
188.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section-
Application
to Crown.
( a ) Part I of this Act,
( b) Part II of this Act, except sections 56, 57, 58, 59 and
61,
( c ) Part III of this Act, except section 100,
(d ) Part IV of this Act, and
( e) in this Part, sections 159, 160, 161 , 164, 165, 174, 175
and 179,
shall apply to vehicles and persons in the public service of the
Crown.
( 2) Section 162 of this Act, in so far as it provides for the
production of test certificates and the giving of names and
addresses, shall apply to a person in connection with a vehicle
to which section 44 of this Act applies notwithstanding that he
or the driver is or was at any material time in the public service
of the Crown ; and subsection ( 1) of the said section 162, in so
far as it provides for the production of any certificate mentioned
in paragraph (iii) thereof, shall apply to a person in connection
with a goods vehicle so mentioned notwithstanding that he or the
driver is or was at any material time in the public service of the
Crown.
(3) Section 4 of this Act (in so far as it imposes restrictions on
persons under twenty-one years of age with respect to the
driving of heavy locomotives, light locomotives, motor tractors,
heavy motor cars or motor cars) shall not apply in the case of
motor vehicles owned by the Secretary of State for Defence and
used for naval, military or air force purposes, or in the case of
vehicles so used while being driven by persons for the time being
subject to the orders of a member of the armed forces of the
Crown.
( 4 ) Sections 45 to 51 and section 62 of this Act shall apply
to goods vehicles in the public service of the Crown only if
they are registered or liable to be registered under the Vehicles 1971 c. 10.
( Excise) Act 1971, and to trailers in the public service of the
c.20
320 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VII
1960 с. 16.
1957 с. 53 .
Crown only while drawn by goods vehicles (whether or not in
the public service of the Crown) which are required to be so
registered ; and shall so apply subject to the following
modifications : -
( a ) examinations of such vehicles in pursuance of regulations
under section 45 or 50( 1)(a) of this Act may be made
by or under the direction of examiners authorised by
the Secretary of State for the purpose instead of by or
under the directions of examiners appointed under
section 56 of this Act or of certifying officers appointed
under Part III of the Road Traffic Act 1960 ;
(b) section 45(3) of this Act shall not apply to the determina-
tion of an examiner so authorised on any such examina-
tion, but any person aggrieved by such a determination
may appeal to the Secretary of State and on the appeal
the Secretary of State shall cause the vehicle to be
re -examined by an officer appointed by him for the
purpose and may make such determination on the
basis of the re-examination as he thinks fit.
( 5) Section 65 of this Act shall not apply in the case of motor
vehicles owned by the Secretary of State for Defence and used
for naval, military or air force purposes, or in the case of
vehicles so used while being driven by persons for the time being
subject to the orders of a member of the armed forces of the
Crown.
( 6) Neither subsection ( 2) nor subsection ( 4 ) of section 88 of
this Act in so far as it prevents such a licence as is there
mentioned from authorising a person to drive motor cycles
whereof the cylinder capacity of the engine exceeds 250 cubic
centimetres shall apply in the case of motor cycles owned by
the Secretary of State for Defence and used for naval, military
or air force purposes, or in the case of motor cycles so used
while being ridden by persons for the time being subject to the
orders of a member of the armed forces of the Crown.
( 7 ) The function of issuing licences under Part IV of this Act
to persons subject to the Naval Discipline Act 1957, to military
law or to air force law to drive goods vehicles in the public
service of the Crown and of revoking and suspending such
licences shall be exercised by the prescribed licensing authority ;
and references in that Part to the licensing authority shall be
construed accordingly.
( 8) For the purpose of proceedings for an offence under this
Act ( except an offence under section 81) in connection with a
vehicle in the public service of the Crown, being proceedings
against a person other than the driver or rider of the vehicle,
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 321
the person nominated in that behalf by the department in whose
service the vehicle is used shall be deemed to be the person
actually responsible unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the
court that the driver or rider only was responsible.
( 9) For the purposes of sections 68 to 81 of this Act in their
application to vehicles in the public service of the Crown, the
person whom the department in whose service any such vehicle
is used names as the person actually responsible shall be
deemed to be the person who causes or permits the vehicle to
be on the road.
PART VII
189.-( 1 ) Sections 6 to 11 of this Act shall, in their applica- Application of
tion to persons subject to service discipline, apply outside as ss. 6 to 11
well as within Great Britain and have effect as if- to persons
subject to
( a) references to proceedings for an offence under any service
enactment included references to proceedings for the discipline
corresponding service offence ;
(b) references to the court included a reference to any
naval, military or air force authority before whom the
proceedings take place ;
(c) references to a constable included references to a mem-
ber of the provost staff ;
( d ) references to a police station included references to a
naval, military or air force unit or establishment ;
(e) references to a hospital included references to a naval,
military or air force unit or establishment at which
medical or surgical treatment is provided for persons
subject to service discipline ;
( f ) in section 8(1) the reference to a traffic offence included
a reference to the corresponding service offence ;
( g ) in section 9( 7) the reference to disqualification were
omitted and for the reference to directing an acquittal
there were substituted a reference to finding the person
in question not guilty without further proceeding with
the case ; and
( h) in section 10, subsection (4 ) were omitted.
( 2 ) In relation to persons for the time being subject to service
discipline the power to arrest conferred on a constable by
section 5(5) of this Act shall also be exercisable by a member
of the provost staff and shall be so exercisable outside as well
as within Great Britain.
( 3) In this section-
" corresponding service offence ", in relation to an offence
under any enactment, means an offence under section
42 of the Naval Discipline Act 1957 or an offence 1957 с. 53.
L
c . 20
322 Road Traffic Act 1972
PARTVII
1955 с. 18.
1955 с. 19.
against section 70 of the Army Act 1955 or section 70
of the Air Force Act 1955 committed by an act or
omission which is punishable under that enactment or
would be so punishable if committed in Great Britain ;
" member of the provost staff " means a provost officer
or any person legally exercising authority under or on
behalf of a provost officer ;
" persons subject to service discipline means persons
subject to the said Act of 1957, to military law or to
air force law and other persons to whom section 42 of
the said Act of 1957 or section 70 of either of the said
Acts of 1955 for the time being applies ;
" provost officer " means a person who is a provost officer
within the meaning of the said Act of 1957 or either
of the said Acts of 1955.
Interpretation
Interpretation 190.-(1) In this Act " motor vehicle " means a mechanically
ofexpressions propelled vehicle intended or adapted for use on roads, and
relating to
" trailer " means a vehicle drawn by a motor vehicle :
motor vehicles
and classes
Provided that a side-car attached to a motor cycle shall, if it
thereof.
complies with such conditions as may be specified in regula-
tions made by the Secretary of State, be regarded as forming
part of the vehicle to which it is attached and not as being a
trailer.
( 2) In this Act " motor car " means a mechanically propel-
led vehicle, not being a motor cycle or an invalid carriage, which
is constructed itself to carry a load or passengers and the weight
of which unladen-
( a) if it is constructed solely for the carriage of passengers
and their effects, is adapted to carry not more than
seven passengers exclusive of the driver, and is fitted
with tyres of such type as may be specified in regula-
tions made by the Secretary of State, does not exceed
three tons ;
( b) if it is constructed or adapted for use for the conveyance
of goods or burden of any description, does not exceed
three tons, or three tons and a half if the vehicle
carries a container or containers for holding for the pur-
pose of its propulsion any fuel which is wholly gaseous
at 60° Fahrenheit under a pressure of 30 inches of
mercury or plant and materials for producing such
fuel ;
(c ) does not exceed two tons and a half in a case falling
within neither of the foregoing paragraphs.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 323
( 3) In this Act " heavy motor car " means a mechanically
propelled vehicle, not being a motor car, which is constructed
itself to carry a load or passengers and the weight of which
unladen exceeds two tons and a half.
( 4 ) In this Act " motor cycle " means a mechanically propel-
led vehicle, not being an invalid carriage, with less than four
wheels and the weight of which unladen does not exceed eight
hundredweight.
( 5 ) In this Act " invalid carriage " means a mechanically pro-
pelled vehicle the weight of which unladen does not exceed five
hundredweight and which is specially designed and constructed ,
and not merely adapted, for the use of a person suffering from
some physical defect or disability and is used solely by such
a person.
( 6 ) In this Act " motor tractor " means a mechanically pro-
pelled vehicle which is not constructed itself to carry a load,
other than the following articles, that is to say, water, fuel,
accumulators and other equipment used for the purpose of pro-
pulsion, loose tools and loose equipment, and the weight of
which unladen does not exceed seven tons and a quarter .
( 7) In this Act " light locomotive " means a mechanically
propelled vehicle which is not constructed itself to carry a
load, other than any of the articles aforesaid, and the weight
of which unladen does not exceed eleven tons and a half but
does exceed seven tons and a quarter.
( 8) In this Act " heavy locomotive " means a mechanically
propelled vehicle which is not constructed itself to carry a
load, other than any of the articles aforesaid, and the weight of
which unladen exceeds eleven tons and a half.
( 9) For the purposes of this section, in a case where a motor
vehicle is so constructed that a trailer may by partial super-
imposition be attached to the vehicle in such a manner as to
cause a substantial part of the weight of the trailer to be borne
by the vehicle, that vehicle shall be deemed to be a vehicle itself
constructed to carry a load.
(10 ) For the purposes of this section, in the case of a motor
vehicle fitted with a crane, dynamo, welding plant or other
special appliance or apparatus which is a permanent or essen-
tially permanent fixture, the appliance or apparatus shall not be
deemed to constitute a load or goods or burden of any
description, but shall be deemed to form part of the vehicle.
(11) The Secretary of State may by regulations vary any of
the maximum or minimum weights specified in the foregoing
provisions of this section, and such regulations may have effect
either generally or in the case of vehicles of any class specified
L2
PARTVII
324 Road Traffic Act 1972
c. 20
PART VII
1967 с. 76.
Articulated
vehicles.
Hover
vehicles.
1968 с. 59.
Certain
vehicles not
to be treated
as motor
vehicles.
in the regulations and either for the purposes of this Act except
sections 68 to 81 and of all regulations thereunder or for such
of those purposes as may be so specified ; and nothing in section
78 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 shall be construed
as limiting the powers conferred by this subsection .
191. A vehicle so constructed that it can be divided into
two parts both of which are vehicles and one of which is a
motor vehicle shall (when not so divided ) be treated for the
purposes of this Act as that motor vehicle with the other part
attached as a trailer.
192.-( 1 ) For the purposes of this Act a hovercraft
within the meaning of the Hovercraft Act 1968 (in this section
referred to as a hover vehicle)-
( a ) shall be a motor vehicle, whether or not it is adapted
or intended for use on roads ; but
(b) shall be treated, subject to subsection (2) below, as not
being a vehicle of any of the classes defined in sub-
sections (2) to (8) of section 190 of this Act.
(2) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide-
( a) that any provision of this Act which would otherwise
apply to hover vehicles shall not apply to them or shall
apply to them subject to such modifications as may be
specified in the regulations ; or
( b) that any such provision which would not otherwise
apply to hover vehicles shall apply to them, subject to
such modifications (if any ) as may be specified in the
regulations.
( 3) For the purposes of the Hovercraft Act 1968 (under which
enactments and instruments relating, amongst other things, to
motor vehicles may, if passed before the commencement of
that Act, be applied to hovercraft ) any enactment contained in
or instrument made under this Act shall be treated as included
among the enactments and instruments which can be so applied .
193.-( 1 ) For the purposes of this Act-
( a ) a mechanically propelled vehicle being an implement
for cutting grass which is controlled by a pedestrian
and is not capable of being used or adapted for any
other purpose, and
( b) any other mechanically propelled vehicle controlled by
a pedestrian which may be specified by regulations
made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this
section and section 103 of the Road Traffic Regulation
Act 1967,
shall be treated as not being a motor vehicle.
Road Traffic Act 1972 325
c. 20
( 2) In subsection (1 ) above " controlled by a pedestrian
means that the vehicle either-
( a) is constructed or adapted for use only under such con-
trol or,
(b) is constructed or adapted for use either under such con-
trol or under the control of a person carried on it but
is not for the time being in use under, or proceeding
under, the control of a person carried on it.
" PART VII
194. For the purposes of this Act and of the Road Traffic Method of
Regulation Act 1967, and of any other enactment relating to calculating
the use of motor vehicles or trailers on roads, the weight unladen weight of
motor vehicles
of a vehicle or trailer shall be taken to be the weight of the and trailers.
vehicle or trailer inclusive of the body and all parts (the heavier 1967 c. 76.
being taken where alternative bodies or parts are used ) which
are necessary to or ordinarily used with the vehicle or trailer
when working on a road, but exclusive of the weight of water,
fuel or accumulators used for the purpose of the supply of
power for the propulsion of the vehicle, or, as the case may be,
of any vehicle by which the trailer is drawn, and of loose tools
and loose equipment.
195. A motor vehicle or trailer shall be deemed to be a Interpretation
carriage within the meaning of any Act of Parliament, whether of statutory
a public general Act or a local Act, and of any rule, regulation references to
or byelaw made under any Act of Parliament, and if used as a
carriages.
carriage of any particular class shall for the purpose of any
enactment relating to carriages of any particular class be deemed
to be a carriage of that class.
196.-( 1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, General
the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned interpretation
to them respectively, that is to say- provisions.
“ bridleway " means a way over which the public have
the following, but no other, rights of way, that is to
say, a right of way on foot and a right of way on horse-
back or leading a horse, with or without a right to
drive animals of any description along the way ;
" carriage of goods " includes the haulage of goods ;
" "
cycle means a bicycle, tricycle, or cycle having four or
more wheels, not being in any case a motor vehicle ;
except for the purposes of section 1, " driver ", where a
separate person acts as steersman of a motor vehicle,
includes that person as well as any other person en-
gaged in the driving of the vehicle, and " drive " shall
be construed accordingly ;
"
" footpath means a way over which the public have a
right of way on foot only ;
L3
c. 20
326 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VII
1952 с. 55.
1967 с. 76.
" goods " includes goods or burden of any description ;
" goods vehicle " means a motor vehicle constructed or
adapted for use for the carriage of goods, or a trailer
so constructed or adapted ;
" goods vehicle test certificate " has the meaning assigned
to it by section 45( 1) of this Act ;
" highway authority " means--
( a ) for the purposes of the application of this Act
to England or Wales, in relation to a road other
than a trunk road, the authority ( being either the
council of a county, the council of a county borough,
the council of a non- county borough or an urban
district, the Common Council of the City of London,
the council of a London borough or the Greater
London Council) which is responsible for the main-
tenance of the road, and in relation to a trunk road,
the Secretary of State ;
( b) for the purposes of the application of this Act
to Scotland, in relation to a road other than a trunk
road, a county council or the town council of a
burgh charged with the maintenance and manage-
ment of any of the highways therein, and, in relation
to a trunk road, the Secretary of State ;
"
" magistrates ' court " and " petty sessions area have the
same meanings as in the Magistrates ' Courts Act 1952 ;
" owner ", in relation to a vehicle which is the subject of
a hiring agreement or hire -purchase agreement, means
the person in possession of the vehicle under that
agreement ;
" plating certificate " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 45( 1 ) of this Act;
" prescribed ود
means prescribed by regulations made by the
Secretary of State ;
" road " means any highway and any other road to which
the public has access, and includes bridges over which
a road passes ;
" statutory ", in relation to any prohibition, restriction,
requirement or provision, means contained in, or having
effect under, any enactment ( including any enactment
contained in this Act) ;
66 test certificate " has the meaning assigned to it by section
43(2) of this Act ;
" traffic sign " has the meaning assigned to it by section
54( 1 ) of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 ;
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 327
" tramcar " includes any carriage used on any road by PART VII
virtue of an order made under the Light Railways 1896 c. 48.
Act 1896;
" trolley vehicle " means a mechanically propelled vehicle
adapted for use upon roads without rails and moved
by power transmitted thereto from some external
source.
(2) References in this Act to a class of vehicles shall be
construed as references to a class defined by reference to any
characteristics of the vehicles or to any other circumstances
whatsoever.
( 3) References in this Act to any enactment shall be con-
strued, except where the context otherwise requires, as refer-
ences to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent
enactment.
197. Where any powers and duties are by this Act conferred Effect of
or imposed, in relation to Scotland, on county councils and on certain
the town councils of certain burghs only, all other burghs shall, references to
Scottish local
for the purposes of those powers and duties, be deemed to be authorities.
within the county.
Exclusion of application of certain provisions to
tramcars, trolley vehicles, etc.
198. ( 1 ) Sections 4, 14, 29, 30 and 36 of this Act shall not Exclusion of
apply to tramcars or trolley vehicles operated under statutory application of
certain
powers and sections 2 , 3, 5(1) and 26 thereof shall not apply provisions to
to tramcars so operated.
tramcars,
( 2 ) None of the following provisions of this Act, and no order
trolley vehicles,
etc.
or regulations made under those provisions, that is to say,
sections 34, 40, 44, 52, 60 and 65, shall apply to tramcars or
trolley vehicles operated under statutory powers.
( 3) Sections 68 to 81 of this Act shall not apply to railway
locomotives, carriages and trucks or to tramcars.
( 4) Part III of this Act shall not apply to tramcars operated
under statutory powers and section 111 thereof shall not apply
to trolley vehicles so operated.
( 5) Part VI of this Act shall not apply to tramcars or trolley
vehicles operated under statutory powers.
(6) Sections 159, 160, 162, 164, 166, 167, 175, 179, 194 and
195 of this Act shall not apply to tramcars or trolley vehicles
operated under statutory powers and section 161 thereof shall
not apply to tramcars so operated.
L4
c . 20
328 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VII
Exercise of
regulation-
making
powers and
Parliamentary
control
thereover.
Provision,
etc. , of weighbridges
( 7) In this section " operated under statutory powers " means,
in relation to tramcars or trolley vehicles, that their use is
authorised or regulated by special Act of Parliament or by an
order having the force of an Act.
(8) Subsections ( 1 ), (2), (4), (5) and (6) above shall have effect
subject to any such Act or order as is mentioned in subsection
( 7) above, and any such Act or order may apply to the tramcars
or trolley vehicles to which it relates any of the provisions
excluded by those subsections except sections 44 and 52.
Supplementary
199.-( 1 ) Any power conferred by this Act upon the Secretary
of State to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory
instrument.
(2) Before making any regulations under this Act (other than
regulations under section 12( 1) or 182(3) or Part V thereof), the
Secretary of State shall consult with such representative organisa-
tions as he thinks fit .
(3) A statutory instrument whereby any such power as afore-
said is exercised (other than the power conferred by section 12( 1 )
or 193 of this Act ) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance
of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 4) The Secretary of State shall not make any regulations under
section 12( 1) of this Act unless a draft of the regulations has
been approved by both Houses of Parliament .
( 5) Regulations under section 193 of this Act shall not have
effect unless approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.
200.-(1) It shall be lawful for a highway authority to pro-
vide, erect, maintain and operate, or to join with another high-
way authority in providing, erecting, maintaining and operating,
weighbridges or other machines for weighing vehicles or to con-
tribute towards the cost of the provision, erection, maintenance
and operation of any such weighbridge or other machine by
any other authority or person.
(2) The Secretary of State may exercise the powers con-
ferred by subsection ( 1) above whether or not in his capacity
as highway authority, but may provide, erect, maintain and
operate any such machine on a road for which he is not the
highway authority only with the consent of the highway
authority, and accordingly the presence of any such machine
on a road in consequence of the exercise of those powers by
virtue of this subsection (as in any other case) shall not be taken
to be an obstruction of the road.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 329
( 3) The provision or erection, or the making of a contribution
PART VII
towards the provision or erection, of any such weighbridge or
other machine shall be a purpose for which the highway
authority may borrow.
201. Section 41 of the Thames Embankment Act 1862 shall Provisions as
not apply to motor tractors, heavy motor cars, motor cars, to Thames
motor cycles or invalid carriages, but save as aforesaid nothing embankment.
in this Act shall affect the provisions of that section. 1862 с. 93 .
202. It is hereby declared that nothing in Part IV of this Protection
Act is to be treated as conferring on the holder of a licence of public
granted under that Part any right to the continuance of any
interests.
benefits arising from, or from a licence granted under, that
Part, or from any conditions attached to any such licence.
203.-( 1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 7 to this Consequential
Act shall have effect subject to the amendments respectively and other
specified in relation thereto in that Schedule. amendments
of other Acts .
(2) There shall be inserted after section 78 of the Road Traffic 1967 с. 76.
Regulation Act 1967 the following section-
Speeding
" 78A.-( 1 ) A person convicted of an offence of
offences
driving a motor vehicle on a road at a speed exceed-
generally.
ing a limit imposed by or under any enactment
mentioned in subsection (3) below shall be liable
on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.
( 2 ) A person prosecuted for such an offence as
aforesaid shall not be liable to be convicted solely
on the evidence of one witness to the effect that in
the opinion of the witness the person prosecuted
was driving the vehicle at a speed exceeding a
specified limit.
(3) The enactments referred to in subsection ( 1 )
above are-
(a) any enactment contained in this Act ;
(b) section 2 of the Parks Regulation ( Amend- 1926 c. 36.
ment) Act 1926 ;
(c) any enactment passed after the commence-
ment of the Road Traffic Act 1960.
1960 с. 16.( 4) If a person who employs other persons to
drive motor vehicles on roads publishes or issues
с. 20
330 Road Traffic Act 1972
PART VII
any time- table or schedule, or gives any directions,
under which any journey or any stage or part of
any journey is to be completed within some specified
time , and it is not practicable in the circumstances
of the case for that journey or that stage or part
of the journey to be completed in the specified
time without the commission of such an offence
as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) above, the publica-
tion or issue of the said time-table or schedule or
the giving of the directions may be produced as
prima facie evidence that the employer, as the case
may be, procured or incited the persons employed
by him to drive the vehicles to commit such offence
as aforesaid."
Transitory modifications of this Act.
204.-( 1 ) This Act shall have effect subject to the modifica-
tions specified in Schedule 8 to this Act.
( 2) The modifications so specified shall cease to have effect
on such day as the Secretary of State may by order made by
statutory instrument appoint ; and the Secretary of State may
prescribe different days for different modifications specified in
that Schedule to cease to have effect and different days for the
modifications specified in paragraph 3 of that Schedule to cease
to have effect in respect of different classes of vehicles to which
those modifications apply, or may postpone or defer the cesser
of those modifications in respect of any particular class of those
vehicles.
General
repeals, revocations,
savings and
transitional
provisions.
205.-( 1 ) The enactments specified in Part I of Schedule 9
to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the
third column of that Part of that Schedule, and the orders
specified in Part II of that Schedule are hereby revoked to the
extent specified in the third column of that Schedule .
( 2) The saving and transitional provisions contained in
Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect.
Saving for
s. 38 of
206. The inclusion in this Act of any express saving or
amendment shall not be taken as prejudicing the operation of
Interpretation section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 ( which relates to
Act1889.
the effect of repeals) .
Saving for law
ofnuisance.
207. Nothing in this Act shall authorise a person to use on
a road a vehicle so constructed or used as to cause a public
or private nuisance, or in Scotland a nuisance, or affect the
liability , whether under statute or common law, of the driver
or owner so using such a vehicle.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 331
208. This Act shall come into operation on 1st July 1972. PARTVII
Commence-
ment.
209.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Road Traffic Act Short title
1972. and extent.
( 2) This Act, except section 63 and except as provided by
section 189, does not extend to Northern Ireland.
c. 20
332 Road Traffic Act 1972
Section 33 . SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS IN CONNECTION WITH
PROCEEDINGS FOR OFFENCES UNDER SECTION 33
1.- (1) A person against whom proceedings are brought in England
or Wales for an offence under section 33 of this Act (hereinafter
referred to as " the principal section ") shall, upon information duly
laid by him and on giving to the prosecution not less than three clear
days' notice of his intention, be entitled to have any person to whose
act or default he alleges that the contravention of that section was
due brought before the court in the proceedings ; and if , after the
contravention has been proved, the original accused proves that the
contravention was due to the act or default of that other person , that
other person may be convicted of the offence, and, if the original
accused further proves that he has used all due diligence to secure
that that section was complied with, he shall be acquitted of the
offence.
(2 ) Where an accused seeks to avail himself of the provisions of
sub- paragraph ( 1) above-
( a ) the prosecution, as well as the person whom the accused
charges with the offence, shall have the right to cross-
examine him, if he gives evidence, and any witness called
by him in support of his pleas, and to call rebutting
evidence ;
( b) the court may make such order as it thinks fit for the pay-
ment of costs by any party to the proceedings to any other
party thereto.
( 3) Where it appears that an offence under the principal section
has been committed in respect of which proceedings might be
taken in England or Wales against some person ( hereinafter referred
to as " the original offender "), and a person proposing to take
proceedings in respect of the offence is reasonably satisfied that the
offence of which complaint is made was due to an act or default of
some other person, being an act or default which took place in
England or Wales, and that the original offender could establish a
defence under sub-paragraph (1) above, the proceedings may be taken
against that other person without proceedings' first being taken against
the original offender.
In any such proceedings the accused may be charged with, and on
proof that the contravention was due to his act or default be convicted
of, the offence with which the original offender might have been
charged .
2.- ( 1) Where proceedings are brought in England or Wales against
a person (hereafter in this paragraph referred to as " the accused ")
Road Traffic Act 1972 c. 20 333
in respect of a contravention of the principal section, and it is
proved-
( a ) that the contravention was due to the act or default of some
other person, being an act or default which took place in
Scotland, and
( b ) that the accused used all due diligence to secure compliance
with that section,
the accused shall, subject to the provisions of this paragraph, be
acquitted of the offence.
(2) The accused shall not be entitled to be acquitted under this
paragraph unless within seven days from the date of the service of
the summons on him he has given notice in writing to the prosecution
of his intention to rely upon the provisions of this paragraph, specify-
ing the name and address of the person to whose act or default he
alleges that the contravention was due, and has sent a like notice
to that person.
( 3) The person specified in a notice served under this paragraph
shall be entitled to appear at the hearing and to give evidence, and
the court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing to enable him to
do so.
(4) Where it is proved that the contravention of the principal
section was due to the act or default of some person other than the
accused, being an act or default which took place in Scotland, the
court shall (whether or not the accused is acquitted ) cause notice of
the proceedings to be sent to the Secretary of State.
3 .- (1) Where a contravention of the principal section committed
by a person in Scotland was due to an act or default of any other
person , being an act or default which took place in Scotland, then,
whether proceedings are or are not taken against the first-mentioned
person, that other person may be charged with and convicted of the
contravention and shall be liable on conviction to the same punish-
ment as might have been inflicted on the first- mentioned person if he
had been convicted of the contravention.
(2 ) Where a person who is charged in Scotland with a contraven-
tion of the principal section proves to the satisfaction of the court
that he has used all due diligence to secure that the provision in
question was complied with and that the contravention was due to
the act or default of some other person, the first-mentioned person
shall be acquitted of the contravention.
4.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, in any pro-
ceedings ( whether in England or Wales or Scotland) for an offence
under the principal section it shall be a defence for the accused to
prove-
( a ) that he purchased the helmet in question as being of a type
which under the principal section could be lawfully sold
or offered for sale, and with a written warranty to that
effect, and
SCH. 1
c. 20
334 Road Traffic Act 1972
SCH . 1 ( b ) that he had no reason to believe at the time of the com-
mission of the alleged offence that it was not of such a
type, and
( c ) that it was then in the same state as when he purchased it .
( 2) A warranty shall only be a defence in any such proceedings
if-
( a ) the accused-
(i) has, not later than three clear days before the date
of the hearing, sent to the prosecutor a copy of the
warranty with a notice stating that he intends to rely
on it and specifying the name and address of the person
from whom he received it, and
( ii ) has also sent a like notice of his intention to that
person , and
( b ) in the case of a warranty given by a person resident outside
the United Kingdom, the accused proves that he had taken
reasonable steps to ascertain, and did in fact believe in,
the accuracy of the statement contained therein.
( 3) Where the accused is a servant of the person who purchased
the helmet in question under a warranty, he shall be entitled to
rely on the provisions of this paragraph in the same way as his
employer would have been entitled to do if he had been the accused.
( 4 ) The person by whom the warranty is alleged to have been
given shall be entitled to appear at the hearing and to give evidence,
and the court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing to enable him
to do so.
5.- ( 1) An accused who in any proceedings for an offence under
the principal section wilfully applies to a helmet a warranty not
given in relation to that helmet shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2) A person who, in respect of a helmet sold by him, being
a helmet in respect of which a warranty might be pleaded under
paragraph 4 above, gives to the purchaser a false warranty in writing,
shall be guilty of an offence, unless he proves that when he gave the
warranty he had reason to believe that the statements or description
contained therein were accurate.
( 3) Where the accused in a prosecution for an offence under the
principal section relies successfully on a warranty given to him or
to his employer, any proceedings under sub-paragraph (2) above
in respect of the warranty may , at the option of the prosecutor,
be taken either before a court having jurisdiction in the place
where the helmet, or any of the helmets, to which the warranty
relates was procured, or before a court having jurisdiction in the
place wliere the warranty was given .
Road Traffic Act 1972 335
с.20
SCHEDULE 2
Section 38 .
TRAVELLING, ETC. , ALLOWANCES FOR ATTENDANCE AT
ROAD SAFETY CONFERENCES
1.- (1 ) Where arrangements made by a local authority under
section 38(2) of this Act include the setting up of a road safety
committee, then if the committee is designated for the purposes
of this Schedule by or under regulations made under section 117
of the Local Government Act 1948 ( which provides for the making 1948 с. 26.
of regulations for administering the provisions of Part VI of that
Act as to the payment of allowances) the following provisions shall
have effect.
( 2) Attendance as a representative of the road safety committee,
or of a local or other authority, at a conference or meeting relating
to road safety and designated by or under such regulations as
aforesaid shall, subject to any conditions or restrictions prescribed
by such regulations, be an approved duty for the purposes of the
said Part VI .
(3) A member of the road safety committee who is not, and
apart from this paragraph is not for the purposes of the said
Part VI to be deemed to be, a member of a local or other authority
shall, in relation to any such attendance as is mentioned in sub-
paragraph (2) above, be treated for the said purposes as a member
of such local or other authority concerned with the setting up of the
committee as may agree so to treat him or as the Secretary of State
may determine.
2. Expenditure incurred by a local or other authority in the pay-
ment of travelling allowances or subsistence allowances in respect
of attendances which are approved duties by virtue of paragraph 1(2)
above shall be treated for the purposes of section 38( 2) of this Act
as part of the cost of the arrangements under which the road safety
committee was set up.
"
3. In this Schedule " local or other authority means a body
to which Part VI of the Local Government Act 1948 applies and
“ road safety committee means a committee or other body set
up to act for the purposes of section 38 of this Act.
SCHEDULE 3
DEFERRED TESTS OF CONDITION OF VEHICLES
1. Where the driver is the owner of the vehicle, he may at the
time of electing that the test shall be deferred specify a period of
seven days within which the deferred test is to take place, being
a period falling within the next thirty days, disregarding any day
on which the vehicle is outside Great Britain, and may at that time
require that the deferred test shall take place on premises then
specified by him where the test can conveniently be carried out or
that it shall take place in such area in England or Wales, being
a county borough or county district or Greater London, or such
Section 53 .
336 Road Traffic Act 1972
c.20
SCH. 3 area in Scotland, being a county or burgh, as he may specify at the
said time.
2. Where the driver is not the owner of the vehicle, he shall
inform the examiner of the name and address of the owner of the
vehicle and the owner shall be afforded an opportunity of specifying
such a period, and such premises or area, as aforesaid.
3.- (1 ) Where under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule a
period has been specified within which the deferred test is to be
carried out, the time for carrying it out shall be such time within
that period as may be notified, being a time not earlier than two
days after the giving of the notification.
( 2 ) Where no such period has been specified as aforesaid, the
time for the carrying out of the deferred test shall be such time
as may be notified, being a time not earlier than seven days after
the giving of the notification.
(3) Where premises have been specified under the foregoing pro-
visions of this Schedule for the carrying out of the deferred test,
and the test can conveniently be carried out on those premises, it
shall be carried out there.
( 4) Where sub-paragraph ( 3) above does not apply, the place for
carrying out the deferred test shall be such place as may be notified
with the notification of the time for the carrying out of the test, and
where an area has been specified as aforesaid the place shall be a
place in that area.
(5 ) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph,
the time and place for the carrying out of the deferred test may be
varied by agreement between an authorised examiner and the owner
of the vehicle.
( 6 ) In this paragraph " notified " means notified in writing to the
owner of the vehicle on behalf of the Secretary of State, and
" notification " shall be construed accordingly ; and any notification
under this paragraph may be given by post.
4. It shall be the duty of the owner of the vehicle to produce it,
or secure its production, at the time and place fixed for the carrying
out of the deferred test.
5. References in this Schedule to the owner of a vehicle are
references to the owner thereof at the time at which the election is
made under section 53(3) of this Act that the test should be deferred,
and for the purposes of this Schedule-
( a ) if at that time the vehicle is in the possession of a person
under a hire-purchase agreement or hiring agreement and
the case is not one falling within the following sub-
paragraph, that person,
( b ) if at that time the vehicle is being used under an inter-
national circulation permit, the person to whom the permit
was issued,
shall be deemed to be the owner of the vehicle to the exclusion
of any other person.
Sections 93 , 101 , 177 , 179 , 180 , 181 , 183 . SCHEDULE 4
PROSECUTION AND PUNISHMENT OF OFFENCES
PART I
Offences under this Act
1 Provision
creating
offence
1
2
2 3
General nature
Mode of
of offence
prosecution
Causing death by On indictment .
reckless or danger-
ous driving .
Reckless , and danger- ( a ) Summarily .
ous , driving gener-
2 years .
ally .
3
siderate , driving .
Careless , and ( b ) On indictment . incon- Summarily .
or both .
4 ( 4 ) Driving under age . Summarily . £ 50 .
4
Punishment
5 6 7
Disqualification Endorsement Additional
provisions
5 years or , in the case of a Obligatory .
conviction by a court in
Scotland other than the High Court of Justiciary ,
Obligatory .
Section 181 and paragraph 3 of Part IV of this Schedule apply .
4 months or £ 100 or both ; or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction
6 months or £ 100 or both .
( a ) Obligatory , if com- Obligatory .
Sections 179 , 181
mitted within 3 years after a previous con- viction of an offence
and 183 and paragraphs 1 , 2 , under section 1 or 2 . ( b ) Discretionary if committed otherwise
than as mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above .
3 , 5 and 6 of
Part IV of this Schedule apply .
2 years or a fine or both .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a Discretionary .
Obligatory .
Sections 179 , 181
second or subsequent con- viction 3 months or £ 100
and 183 and paragraphs 4 and
7 of Part IV of this Schedule
apply .
Discretionary .
Obligatory .
Sections 181 and
183 apply .Road Traffic Act 1972 337
c. 20
1 Provision creating
2
General nature
offence
of offence
3
5 ( Mode of
prosecution
1 )
Driving or attempt- ( a ) Summarily .
ing to drive when
unfit to drive drugs .
through drink or
4
5 ( 2 )
( b ) On indictment .
£ 100 or both . Being in charge of a
( a ) Summarily .
motor to drive
when unfit vehicle ( b ) On indictment .
through drink or
drugs .
6 ( 1 ) Driving or attempting ( a ) Summarily .
to drive with blood-
alcohol concentra- tion above the
prescribed limit .
6 ( 2 ) ( b ) On indictment .
£ 100 or both . Being in charge of a ( a ) Summarily . motor vehicle with blood - alcohol con- ( b ) On indictment . centration above the prescribed limit .
Punishment
5 6
Disqualification
Endorsement
4 months or £ 100 or both ; Obligatory .
or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction
or of a conviction subse-
quent to a conviction of
an offence under section 6 ( 1 ) or 9 ( 3 ) ( where it was
shown as mentioned in paragraph ( i ) of the entry in this column relating to that offence ) , 6 months or
2 years or a fine or both .
Obligatory .
4 months or £ 100 or both .
Discretionary .
Obligatory .
12 months or a fine or both .
4 months or £ 100 or both ; Obligatory .
or in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction
or of a conviction subse- quent to a conviction of
an offence under section 5 ( 1 ) or 9 ( 3 ) ( where it was
shown as mentioned in paragraph ( i ) of the entry in this column relating to that offence ) , 6 months or
2 years or a fine or both .
4 months or £ 100 or both . Discretionary . Obligatory .
7
Additional
provisions
Sections 181 and
183 and para-
graph 3 of Part IV of this Sche-
dule apply .
c. 20
Sections 181 of and para- graph 3 and 183 Part
IV of this Sche-
dule apply .
Sections 181 and
183 and para-
graph 3 of Part
IV of this Sche-
dule apply .
338 Road Traffic Act 1972
Obligatory .
12 months or a fine or both .
Sections 181 and
183 and para- graph 3 of Part IV of this Sche-
dule apply .
9 ( 3 ) Failing to provide a ( a ) Summarily .
14 speed trials on high- Motor racing and Summarily .
ways .
15 Other unauthorised Summarily . £ 50 .
or irregular compe-
titions or trials on
highways .
16 Carrying passenger Summarily . £ 20 .
on motor - cycle con-
trary to section 16 .
£ 50 .
- -
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
( i ) Where it is shown that
( a ) Obligatory if it is Obligatory .
at the relevant time ( as
defined in Part V of this
shown as mentioned in paragraph ( i ) of
Schedule ) the offender was driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle on a road or other public place , 4 months or £ 100 or
column 4 .
( b ) Discretionary if it is
not so shown .
both ; or in the case of a
conviction subsequent to
a conviction under section 5 ( 1 ) or 6 ( 1 ) or to a con-
viction under section 9 ( 3 )
where it was so shown ,
6 months or £ 100 or both . ( ii ) Where in any other case
it is shown that at that time the offender was in
charge of a motor vehicle
on a road or other public
place , 4 months or £ 100
or both . ( b ) On indictment . ( iii ) 2 years or a fine or both
in the case of a conviction
where it is shown as men- tioned in paragraph ( i )
above . ( iv ) 12 months or a fine or
both in the case of a con-
viction where it is shown as mentioned in paragraph
( ii ) above .
Sections 181 and
183 of and para- graph 3 Part
IV of this Sche-
dule apply .
3 months or £ 100 or both . Obligatory . Obligatory . 183 apply .
Sections 181 and
Discretionary . Obligatory .
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
Road Traffic Act 1972 339
c. 20
1 Provision
creating
offence
General nature
of offence
17 2 3 4 5 6
Mode of prosecution Punishment Disqualification Endorsement
Reckless , and danger- Summarily .
7
Additional
provisions
ous , cycling . £ 30 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent con-
Sections 179 , 181
and 183 apply .
viction 3 months or £ 30 .
18 Careless , and incon- Summarily .
siderate , cycling .
£ 10 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent con-
Sections 179 , 181
and 183 and
c. 20
viction £ 20 .
4
paragraphs and 7 of Part IV
of this Schedule
apply .
19 Cycling when unfit Summarily .
through drink or
drugs .
£ 30 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent con- viction 3 months or £ 30 .
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
Unauthorised or ir- Summarily .
20 regular cycle racing
£ 10 .
or trials of speed on
highways .
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
21
Carrying passenger on bicycle contrary
to section 21 .
Summarily .
£ 5 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent con-
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
viction £ 10 .
22
Failing to comply Summarily .
£ 50 . with traffic direc-
and 183 apply .
tions .
340 Road Traffic Act 1972
Discretionary , if com-
if Obligatory ,
mitted in respect of a motor vehicle by a failure to comply with
committed as
Sections 179 , 181 described in
the entry in
a direction of a constable or an indi- cation given by a sign
column 5 re- lating to this
offence .
specified for the pur- poses of this para- graph in regulations made by the Secretary
of State for the Envir-
onment and the Sec-
retary of State for Scotland acting joint-
ly .
23 Pedestrian failing to Summarily .
stop when directed by constable regu-
£ 10 ; viction £ 25 .
lating traffic .
or in the case of a second or subsequent con-
Leaving vehicles in Summarily .
24 dangerous
posi-
tions .
25 ( 4 )
Failing to stop after Summarily .
3 months or £ 50 .
accident and give
particulars or report
accident .
£ 50 ; or in the case of a
Discretionary , if com-
second or subsequent con- viction 3 months or £ 50 .
mitted in respect of
Obligatory , if committed in
Sections 179 , 181 and 183 apply .
a motor vehicle .
respect of a motor vehicle .
Discretionary .
Obligatory .
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
26 ( 2 ) Obstructing inspec- Summarily . £ 50 .
tion of vehicles
after accident .
29 Tampering with Summarily . 3 months or £ 50 .
motor vehicles .
30 ( 1 ) Holding or getting on Summarily .
£ 10 .
to vehicle in order
to be carried .
30 ( 2 ) Holding on to vehicle Summarily . £ 10 .
in order to be towed .
31 ( 1 ) Dogs on designated Summarily . £ 5 .
roads without being
held on lead .
32 ( 3 ) Driving or riding Summarily .
£ 50 .
motor cycles in con- travention of regu- lations requiring
wearing of protec-
tive headgear .
1
33 Selling , etc. , helmet Summarily
not of prescribed type as helmet for affording protection
for motor cyclists .
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent con- viction 3 months or £ 50
or both .
-
Section 181 ap-
plies .
plies .
Section 181 ap-
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
1Road Traffic Act 1972 341
c.20
1 2 3 4
Provision
creating
offence
General nature
of offence
Mode of prosecution Punishment
34 ( 4 ) Causing , etc. heavy Summarily .
motor vehicles to
be to driven or haul
without proper
£ 20 ; or in the case of a
second or subsequent con-
viction 3 months or £ 50 .
crew .
35 ( 3 ) Unauthorised motor Summarily . £ 50 .
vehicle trial on footpaths or bridle-
ways .
36 Driving motor Summarily . £ 10 .
vehicles elsewhere
than on roads .
40 ( 5 ) Contravention
of Summarily .
construction
and
use regulations .
or 5
6 7
Disqualification
Endorsement
Additional
provisions
Section 181 ap-
plies .
c. 20
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
Sections 181 and
-
183 apply .
£ 200 in the case of an offence of using , or causing or permitting the use of , a
Discretionary if com- mitted by using , or
Obligatory if
Sections 181 and
committed as
183 apply .causing or permitting
goods vehicle-
the use of , any motor
described in the entry in
( a ) so as to cause , or to be likely to cause , danger by the condition of the
vehicle or trailer- ( a ) as described in
column 5 re- lating to this
vehicle or its parts or accessories , the number of passengers carried by paragraph ( a ) in the entry in column 4 relating to this
offence ; or
it , or the weight , distri- ( b ) in breach of a con-
offence , but subject to the
exception there
mentioned .
or bution , packing adjustment of its load ;
struction and use
342 Road Traffic Act 1972
requirement as to brakes , steering-
( b ) in breach of a construc- tion and use requirement
gear , or tyres ; except where the offen-
as to brakes , steering-
der proves that he did
gear , tyres or any des- cription of weight ;
£ 50 in any other case .
not know and had no reasonable cause to
suspect that the facts of the case were such that the offence would
be committed .
44 ( 1 )
£ 50 . Using , etc. , vehicle Summarily .
required
without test certificate being
in force .
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
Regula-
tions
under
45 ( 7 )
46 ( 1 )
46 ( 2 )
46 ( 3 )
Contravention of re- Summarily .
£ 50 .
quirement of regu- lations that driver
of goods vehicle
being tested be present throughout
test or drive vehicle ,
etc. , which is de-
clared by regula-
tions to be an
offence .
|
in force .
45 .
£ 50 . Using , etc. , goods Summarily .
quired vehicle without plating re- certi-
ficate being in force .
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
£ 50 . Using , etc. , goods Summarily .
vehicle without re-
quired goods vehicle test certific te being
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
Using , etc. , goods Summarily .
£ 50 Sections 181 and
vehicle with altera-
183 apply .tion thereto required to be but not noti-
fied to Secretary of
State under tions under regula- section
Road Traffic Act 1972 343
c.20
1
2
3
Provision creating
General nature
Mode of
offence
of offence
prosecution
Regula-
Contravention of re-
Summarily .
£ 50 .
tions
under
quirement of regu- lations that driver
50 ( 5 )
of goods vehicle
being tested
after notifiable
alteration be
present throughout
test and drive vehicle , etc. , which
is declared by regu- lations to be an
offence .
51 ( 2 ) 51 ( 1 ) Using , etc. , goods Summarily . vehicle without re-
quired certificate being in force show- ing that it complies with type approval
requirements appli-
cable to it .
Using , etc. , certain Summarily . goods drawing trailer vehicles for when
plating certificate does not specify maximum laden
weight for vehicle
and trailer .
£ 50 .
£ 50 .
4 5 6 7
Punishment Disqualification Endorsement Additional
provisions
1
51 ( 3 ) Using , etc. , goods Summarily . £ 50 .
c.20
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
344 Road Traffic Act 1972
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
vehicle with altera-
tion thereto required
to be but not noti-
fied to Secretary of State under regula-
tions under section
48 .
53 ( 4 ) Obstructing testing of | Summarily .
£ 20 .
vehicle by examiner
on road or failing to comply with re-
quirements of sec-
tion 53 or Schedule
3 .
54 ( 5 ) ( including applica- tion by
55 ( 3 ) )
Failure of owner of Summarily . vehicle discovered
to be defective on
roadside test or further test to give
required certificate
or declaration .
54 ( 6 ) Failure of person in Summarily . ( including charge of vehicle on
applica- roadside test or
tion by further test to give
55 ( 3 ) ) particulars of owner .
55 ( 5 ) Obstructing further Summarily . £ 50 .
£ 20 .
£ 20 .
56 ( 3 ) testing of vehicle by
Secretary of State's
officer or failing to
comply with re- quirements of sec- tion 55 or para-
graph 3 or 4 of
Schedule 3 .
Obstructing
goods Summarily .
vehicle examiner inspecting goods
vehicle or entering premises where such
vehicle believed to
£ 20 ; or in the case of a
second or subsequent con-
viction £ 50 .
be .
56 ( 5 ) Person in charge of Summarily .
£ 50 .
stationary goods vehicle refusing etc. ,
to proceed to near- by place of inspec-
tion .
1 1 1
1
1 1 1
1
1
!
1
1 1
|
c. 20
Roae Traffic Act 1972 345
1 Provision
creating
offence
57 ( 9 )
59 ( 3 ) 60 ( 3 ) 61 ( 2 ) 62 65 ( 5 ) 2 3 4 5 6
7
General nature
of offence
Mode of prosecution Punishment Disqualification Endorsement
Additional provisions
Driving , etc. , goods Summarily .
£ 50 .
Sections 181 and
vehicle in contra- vention of prohibi-
-
183 apply .
tion on driving it as being unfit for
c .20
service .
Contravention of reg- Summarily .
£ 50 .
ulations requiring
-
goods vehicle op- erator to inspect , and keep records of inspections of , goods vehicles .
Selling , etc. , unroad- Summarily . £ 100 ,
worthy vehicle or trailer or altering
vehicle or trailer
so as to make it unroadworthy .
Obstructing examiner Summarily . £ 50 .
testing condition of
used vehicles at sale
rooms , etc.
1 |
|
346 Road Traffic Act 1972
Selling , etc. , goods Summarily . £ 100 .
vehicle without
|
required certificate being in force show-
ing that it complies
with type approval requirements appli-
cable to it .
Drawing more than Summarily .
£ 50 . prescribed number
of trailers .
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
66 ( 5 ) 81 ( 1 ) 84 ( 1 )
84 ( 2 )
88 ( 6 ) Selling , etc. , pedal | Summarily . cycle in contraven- tion of regulations as to brakes , bells ,
£ 50 .
etc.
to be on road in
Causing , etc. , vehicle Summarily . contravention of provisions as to lighting , etc. , of
vehicles .
£ 50 .
81 ( 2 ) Selling , etc. , wrongly Summarily . made tail lamps or
reflectors .
£ 20 .
Driving without a Summarily .
£ 50
licence .
Employing a person Summarily .
£ 50 .
to drive without a
licence .
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
Discretionary , if the
Obligatory , if
Sections 181 and
offence is committed by driving a motor
committed as
183 apply .
described in the
vehicle in a case where
entry in column
either no licence auth- orising the driving of
5 relating to
this offence .
that vehicle could have
been granted to the
offender or , if a provi- sional ( but no other )licence to drive it
could been have gran-
ted to , the him driving
would not have com- plied with the condi-
tions thereof .
Section 181 ap-
plies .
Failing to comply Summarily . £ 50 . Discretionary . Obligatory .
with any conditions
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
prescribed for driv- ing under provisi- onal licence or full
licence as provisional treated licence .
Road Traffic Act 1972 347
c. 20
1 Provision
creating
offence
89 ( 3 )
91 ( 1 )
2 3 4 5 6 7
General nature
of offence
Mode of
Punishment Disqualification Endorsement Additional
prosecution
provisions
Driving licence Summarily . £ 20 .
holder failing , when his particulars
become incorrect ,
to surrender licence and give particulars .
Driving with uncor- Summarily .
3 months or £ 50 . Discretionary .
Obligatory .
rected defective
eyesight .
91 ( 2 )
Refusing to submit Summarily . £ 50 . Discretionary . Obligatory .
to test of eyesight .
99 ( a ) Obtaining
driving Summarily . 6 months or £ 50 or both .
licence while dis-
qualified .
99 ( b )
Driving while dis- ( a ) Summarily .
6 months or £ 50 or both . ( 6 ) On indictment . 12 months or £ 100 or both . Discretionary . c. 20
Section 180 ap-
plies .
Obligatory .
Sections 180 , 181
and 183 apply .
348 Road Traffic Act 1972
qualified .
101 ( 4 ) ( including applica-
Failing to produce licence to court for
Summarily .£ 50 .
tion by by
on
103 ( 4 ) )
endorsement conviction of off- ence involving obli-
gatory endorsement
or on committal for
sentence , etc. , for offence involving obligatory or dis- cretionary disquali- fication when no
interim disquali- fication ordered .
103 ( 2 ) 104 ( 5 ) 111 ( 2 ) 112 ( 1 ) 112 ( 2 ) 114 ( 3 )
101 ( 6 ) Applying for or ob- Summarily .
£ 50 .
taining licence giving out with- particu-
lars of current en-
dorsement .
Failing to produce Summarily . £ 50 .
driving licence to court making order for interim disquali- fication on commit-
tal for sentence , etc.
104 ( 4 ) Failing to state to Summarily . court or give in- formation as to
date of birth or sex .
£ 50 .
Failing to furnish Summarily . Secretary of State with evidence of
date of birth etc.
£ 50 .
Failing to produce to Summarily . court driving Northern Ireland li-
£ 50 .
cence .
Driving heavy goods Summarily .
vehicle without heavy goods vehicle
driver's licence .
Employing a person Summarily .
to goods heavy vehicle drive with-
out heavy goods
vehicle driver's li-
cence .
Failing to comply Summarily .
with conditions of
heavy goods vehicle
I driver's licence .
1
£ 20 ; or in the case of a
second or subsequent con-
viction 3 months or £ 50 .
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent con- viction 3 months or £ 50 .
£ 20 ; or in the case of a
second or subsequent con-
viction 3 months or £ 50 .
1
1
1
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
Section 181 ap-
plies .
Road Traffic Act 1972 349
c. 20
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
1 Provision
creating
offence
2
3
General nature
Mode of
of offence
prosecution
119 ( 2 ) Regula-
Contravention of reg- Summarily . £ 20 .
tions
ulations about
under heavy goods vehi-
cle drivers ' licences
which is declared by regulation to be an
offence .
126 ( 3 ) Giving of paid driv- Summarily . ing instruction by
unregistered and unlicensed persons
or their employers .
135 ( 2 ) Unregistered instruc- Summarily . tor using title or
displaying badge , etc. , prescribed for
registered instruc-
tor , and employers
using such title , etc. ,
in relation to his un-
registered instruc- tor or issuing mis-
leading advertise-
ment , etc.
136 Failure of instructor Summarily . £ 50 .
to surrender to Registrar certificate
or licence .
£ 100 .
137 ( 3 ) Failing to produce Summarily . certificate of regis-
tration or licence as
driving instructor .
£ 50 .
c. 20
350 Road Traffic Act 1972
|
4 5 6 7
Punishment Disqualification Endorsement Additional provisions
4 months or £ 100 or both .
1
1
1
1 1
143 147 ( 4 ) 151 ( 2 ) 159 160 ( 1 ) 161 ( 4 ) 161 ( 5 ) while uninsured or unsecured against
third - party risks .
Using motor vehicle | Summarily .
3 months or £ 50 or both . Discretionary . Obligatory . Sections 180 , 181
and 183 apply .
Failing to surrender Summarily . certificate of insur-
ance or security to insurer on cancel-
lation or make
statutory declar-
ation of loss or
destruction .
£ 50 .
Failing to give infor- Summarily . £ 50 .
mation , or wilfully
making false state-
ment , as to insur-
ance or security
when claim made .
Failing to stop vehicle Summarily .
when required by £ 50 . Sections 181 and
183 apply .
constable .
Refusing or neglect- Summarily . £ 50 .
Sections 181 and
ing to allow motor
vehicle or trailer to
be weighed , etc.
183 apply .
Failing to produce Summarily . £ 50 .
Sections 181 and
driving licence to
constable or to state
date of birth .
183 apply .
Failing to furnish Summarily . £ 50 .
Secretary of State
with evidence of date of birth , etc.1
Road Traffic Act 1972 351
c.20
1 2 3
Provision creating General nature
offence of offence
Mode of
prosecution
162 ( 1 ) Failing to give con- Summarily .
£ 50 .
162 ( 3 )
stable certain names
and addresses or to
produce certificate
of insurance or cer-
tain and test other
like certificates .
Supervisor of learner- Summarily .
£ 50 .
driver failing to give
constable certain
names and addres-
ses .
164 ( 1 ) Refusing to give , or Summarily .
giving false , name and address in case of reckless , danger-
ous , careless or in- considerate driving
or cycling .
165 Pedestrian failing to Summarily . £ 5 .
give constable his
name and address after failing to stop when directed by
constable control-
ling traffic .
166 ( 1 ) Failure by driver , in Summarily .
£ 50 .
case of accident in- volving injury to
another , to produce
evidence of in-
surance or security or to report acci-
dent .
4 5 6
Punishment Disqualification Endorsement
£ 20 ; or in the case of a
second or subsequent con- viction , 3 months or £ 50 .
!
7
Additional
provisions
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
Section 181 ap-
plies .
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
c.20
352 Road Traffic Act 1972
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
167 168 ( 3 )
169 ( 1 ) 170 ( 1 )
170 ( 2 ) 170 ( 3 ) M
Failure by owner of Summarily .
motor vehicle to give police informa- tion for verifying compliance with re-
quirement of com- pulsory insurance
or security .
7
Failure of person Summarily .
£ 50 .
keeping vehicle and
others to give police
information as to identity of of driver ,
etc. , in the case of
certain offences .
cences , test certifi- Forgery , etc. , of li-
cates , certificates of
( a ) Summarily .
( b ) On indictment 2 years .
insurance and other
documents and
things .
Making false state- Summarily . ments in connection with licences under
this Act and with registration as an approved driving
instructor .
Making , or making Summarily .
use of , false state-
ments goods to vehicles .
relating Producing false evi- Summarily .
dence or making
false declaration in
connection with ap-
plications for ve- hicle excise licences
re-
for vehicles quired to have test
certificates .
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent con- viction , 3 months or £ 50 .
1
Sections 181 and
183 apply .
4 months or £ 100 or both . 4 months or £ 100 or both . Section 180 ap-
plies .
Section 180 ap-
plies .
4 months or £ 100 or both .
1
4 months or £ 100 or both .
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 353
1 Provision
creating
offence
2
3
General nature
Mode of
of offence
prosecution
170 ( 4 ) Making false state- Summarily .
ments as to the remedying of de-
fects discovered in vehicles on road-
side tests .
170 ( 6 )
170 ( 5 ) Making , or making Summarily .
use of , false entry in records required to
be kept of condition of goods vehicles .
Making false state- Summarily .
ment or withhold-
ing material in-
formation in order
to obtain the issue
of insurance certifi-
cates , etc.
171 Issuing false in- Summarily . surance certificates ,etc. , or false test
certificates .
172 Using goods vehicle Summarily . £ 50 .
with unauthorised
weights as well as authorised weights
marked thereon .
174 Personation of , or of Summarily . person employed by , authorised ex-
aminer .
4
Punishment
4 months or £ 100 or both .
4 months or £ 100 or both .
4 months or £ 100 or both .
6 months or £ 100 or both .
£ 100 .
5 6
7
Disqualification Endorsement
1
Additional
provisions
c. 20
Section 180 ap-
plies .
Section 180 ap-
plies .
354 Road Traffic Act 1972
1
! 1
Schedule 1 para . 5 ( 1 ) 175 Discretionary . Obligatory .
Taking , etc. , in ( a ) Summarily .3 months or £ 50 .
Scotland a motor vehicle without authority or , know-
ing that it has been so taken , driving it ( b ) On indictment . 12 months or a fine or both .
or allowing oneself
to be carried in it without authority .
187 ( 2 ) etc.
Failing to attend , Summarily . give evidence or
produce documents to , inquiry held by
Secretary of State ,
Applying warranty to Summarily . protective helmet in
defending proceed- ings under section
33 where no war-
ranty given .
£ 5 .
£ 20 ; or in the case of a
second or subsequent con-
viction 3 months or £ 50 or
both .
para . 5 ( 2 ) Giving to purchaser Summarily .
of protective helmet
a false warranty in
case wherewar- ranty might be de- fence in proceed-
ings under section
£ 20 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent con- viction 3 months or £ 50 or
both .
1 1
Sections 181 of and paга- graph 8 and 183 Part
IV of this Schedule apply .
| 1
33 .
M2
c . 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 355
c. 20
356 Road Traffic Act 1972
SCH. 4
PART II
Other Offence Involving Obligatory Disqualification and
Endorsement
Manslaughter or, in Scotland, culpable homicide by the driver of
a motor vehicle.
1968 с. 60.
1967_c. 76.
PART III
Other Offences Involving Discretionary Disqualification and
Obligatory Endorsement
1. Stealing or attempting to steal a motor vehicle.
2. An offence, or attempt to commit an offence, in respect of a
motor vehicle under section 12 of the Theft Act 1968 ( taking con-
veyance without consent of owner etc. or, knowing it has been so
taken, driving it or allowing oneself to be carried in it) .
3. An offence under section 25 of the Theft Act 1968 ( going
equipped for stealing, etc. ) committed with reference to the theft or
taking of motor vehicles.
4. An offence under section 13( 4 ) of the Road Traffic Regulation
Act 1967 (contravention of traffic regulations on special roads)
committed in respect of a motor vehicle otherwise than by unlawfully
stopping or allowing the vehicle to remain at rest on a part of a
special road on which vehicles are in certain circumstances permitted
to remain at rest.
5. An offence under section 23( 5) of the Road Traffic Regulation
Act 1967 (contravention of pedestrian crossing regulations) committed
in respect of a motor vehicle.
6. An offence under section 25( 2) of the Road Traffic Regulation
Act 1967 (failure to obey sign exhibited by school crossing
patrol ) committed in respect of a motor vehicle.
7. An offence under section 26( 6) or 26A(5) of the Road
Traffic Regulation Act 1967 (contravention of order prohibiting or
restricting use of street playground by vehicles) committed in respect
of a motor vehicle.
8. An offence punishable by virtue of section 78A of the Road
Traffic Regulation Act 1967 (speeding offences under that and other
Acts ).
PART IV
Supplementary provisions as to prosecution, trial and punishment
of offences
1. Upon the trial of a person who is indicted for culpable homicide
inScotland in connectionwith with the driving of a motor vehicle by him,
it shall be lawful for the jury, if they are satisfied that he is guilty
of an offence under section 2, to find him guilty of that offence .
Road Traffic Act 1972 357
c. 20
2. If upon the trial in Scotland of a person for an offence under
section 1 the jury are not satisfied that his driving was the cause of
the death, but are satisfied that he is guilty of driving as mentioned
in section 2, it shall be lawful for them to convict him of an offence
under section 2.
3. A contravention occurring in Scotland of any of the provisions
of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder, which is directed
to be prosecuted summarily and which, if it had been triable on
indictment, could competently have been libelled as an additional or
alternative charge in an indictment charging a person with culpable
homicide in respect of the driving or attempted driving or use of a
motor vehicle, or with a contravention of section 1, 2, 5, 6 or 9 may,
notwithstanding the direction aforesaid, be so libelled and may be
tried accordingly.
In this paragraph any reference to a contravention of regulations
includes a reference to a failure to comply with regulations .
4. Where a person is charged in England or Wales before a
magistrates' court with an offence under section 2 or with an
offence under section 17, and the court is of opinion that the
offence is not proved, then, at any time during the hearing or
immediately thereafter the court may, without prejudice to any
other powers possessed by the court, direct or allow a charge for an
offence under section 3 or, as the case may be, section 18 to be
preferred forthwith against the defendant and may thereupon proceed
with that charge, so however that he or his solicitor or counsel
shall be informed of the new charge and be given an opportunity,
whether by way of cross-examining any witness whose evidence has
already been given against the defendant or otherwise, of answering
the new charge, and the court shall, if it considers that the defendant
is prejudiced in his defence by reason of the new charge's being so
preferred, adjourn the hearing.
5. Where a person is prosecuted on indictment in England or
Wales for an offence to which section 179 does not apply, section
179(2) shall not be taken to prejudice any power of the jury on the
charge for that offence, if they find him not guilty of it, to find him
guilty of an offence against section 2.
6. In Scotland a person may be convicted of an offence against
section 2 by virtue of paragraph 1 or 2 above notwithstanding
that the requirement of section 179( 2 ) has not been satisfied as
respects that offence.
7. A person may be convicted of an offence against section 3 or
18 notwithstanding that the requirement of section 179( 2) has not
been satisfied as respects that offence where-
( a) the charge for the offence has been preferred against him by
virtue of paragraph 4 above, and
( b) the said requirement has been satisfied, or does not apply, as
respects the alleged offence against section 2 or, as the case
may be, section 17.
M3
SCH . 4
c. 20
358 Road Traffic Act 1972
SCH. 4 8. If on the trial of an indictment in Scotland for stealing a motor
vehicle the jury are of the opinion that the accused was not guilty
of stealing the motor vehicle but was guilty of an offence under
section 175, the jury may find him guilty of an offence under the said
section 175 and thereupon he shall be liable to be punished
accordingly.
PART V
Interpretation
1. For the purposes of the entries in Part I of this Schedule relating
to an offence under section 5(1), 6(1) or 9( 3) " the relevant time "
means
( a ) in relation to a person required under section 8(1) to pro-
vide a specimen of breath for a breath test, the time when
he was so required ;
(b ) in relation to a person required under section 8( 2) to provide
such a specimen, the time of the accident ;
( c ) in relation to a person arrested under section 5( 5 ), the time
of his arrest.
2. " Construction and use requirement " has the same meaning for
the purposes of this Schedule as it has for the purposes of Part II
of this Act.
Sections 114
and 122.
1960 с. 16.
SCHEDULE 5
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO LICENCES
TO DRIVE HEAVY GOODS VEHICLES
1. On the first application for a heavy goods vehicle driver's
licence by a person who satisfies the licensing authority that in the
course of the year ending on 1st February 1970 he had been during
any period or periods of , or amounting in the aggregate to, six
months, in the habit of driving a heavy goods vehicle, and on
payment of the fee prescribed for the purposes of section 120 of this
Act, the licensing authority shall grant the licence, and the provisions
of section 114 (1) of this Act shall not apply in relation to such an
application.
2. The reference in paragraph 1 above to the driving of a heavy
goods vehicle does not include a reference to the driving of such a
vehicle of a prescribed class or of such a vehicle while it is being
used in prescribed circumstances .
3. A person shall not be entitled to a licence to drive a vehicle of
any class under paragraph 1 above unless during the period or periods
mentioned in that paragraph he has held a licence under Part II of
the Road Traffic Act 1960 (other than a provisional licence) to drive
vehicles of that class.
4. The Secretary of State may by regulations restrict the class of
vehicles for the driving of which a licence is to be granted under
paragraph 1 above by reference to the class of vehicle which the
applicant for the licence was driving during the said period or periods .
с. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 359
5. Neither subsection (1) nor subsection ( 2) of section 112 of this
SCH. 5
Act shall have effect as respects-
( a ) the driving of a heavy goods vehicle of any class by a person
who at the beginning of 2nd February 1970 was the holder
of a licence granted under Part II of the Road Traffic Act 1960 c. 16.
1960 (other than a provisional licence) authorising him to
drive a heavy goods vehicle of that class, or
( b ) the employment to drive a heavy goods vehicle of any class
of a person who at the beginning of 2nd February 1970 was
the holder of such a licence authorising him to drive a
heavy goods vehicle of that class,
so long as (in either case) the licence in question remains in force.
6. With a view to spreading the work of granting heavy goods
vehicle drivers' licences the licensing authority may, on an application
for a licence made within the period ending with 30th June 1973
direct that any licence granted on the application, other than a licence
issued as a provisional licence, shall, notwithstanding the provisions
of section 115( 1) of this Act , continue in force (unless previously
revoked) during such period , being a period of not less than one
nor more than three years from the date on which the licence is
expressed to take effect, as the licensing authority may at the time
of the granting of the licence determine.
SCHEDULE 6
APPEALS UNDER SECTION 132 AGAINST DECISIONS
OF THE REGISTRAR
1. On an appeal under section 132 of this Act, the Registrar shall
be made respondent.
2.- (1 ) The Secretary of State shall refer every such appeal to a
person, or two or three persons, appointed by him to hold an inquiry
and report to him ; and the person or persons so appointed may be
appointed either for the purposes of one particular inquiry, or of
inquiries into any such appeal that may be made to the Secretary of
State during such period as the Secretary of State may determine, and
no person so appointed shall be an officer of the Secretary of State.
( 2) The Secretary of State may, for the purpose of any such inquiry,
appoint up to three assessors to advise the person or persons holding it
on matters arising out of it .
( 3) The Secretary of State shall, before making an order under the
said section 132, consider any report made to him under this
paragraph.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State shall, out of moneys provided by Parlia-
ment , pay to any person or persons holding inquiries under this
paragraph and to any assessors appointed thereunder such fees and
such expenses, if any, incurred by them as he may, with the approval
of the Treasury, determine.
M4
Section 132 .
c. 20
360 Road Traffic Act 1972
SCH. 6 3. The Secretary of State may by rules made by statutory instru-
ment make provision as to the procedure on an appeal under the
said section 132, and in particular, but without prejudice to the
generality of this paragraph, may by rules so made make provision-
( a ) prescribing the form and contents of the notice of appeal ;
( b) enabling a party to the appeal to appear at an inquiry held
under this Schedule by counsel or a solicitor or any person
of such other description, if any, as may be specified by the
rules ;
( c ) requiring proceedings on any such inquiry to be held in
public, except in so far as may otherwise be provided by
the rules ;
( d ) defining the functions of any assessors appointed by the
Secretary of State.
4. The Secretary of State may on an appeal under the said section
132 order the appellant to pay the whole, or part, of the costs incurred
by the Secretary of State in connection with the appeal, or may direct
that the whole, or part, of the costs of the appellant incurred in con-
nection with the appeal shall be treated as part of the administrative
expenses of the Secretary of State ; and the Secretary of State may
certify the amount of any such costs, and any amount so certified and
ordered to be paid by the appellant shall be recoverable from him
as a debt due to the Crown.
5. Section 187 of this Act, in its application to an inquiry caused
by the Secretary of State to be held under paragraph 2 above, shall
have effect as if subsection ( 1)( d ) were omitted.
Section 203(1 ).
41 &42 Vict.
c.51.
55 & 56 Vict.
c.55.
10 & 11 Geo. 6.
c .43.
SCHEDULE 7
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS OF OTHER ACTS
The Roads and Bridges (Scotland ) Act 1878
Schedule (C) shall have effect, in relation to a vehicle to which
section 40(5) of this Act applies, as if in section XCVI (penalties for
persons committing various nuisances on highways) the words
or
more than one foot laterally beyond the wheel of such carriage ",
and section CVIII, were omitted.
The Burgh Police (Scotland ) Act 1892
Paragraph (50) of section 381 ( which provides for the labelling
of carriages and carts ) shall not have effect in relation to vehicles to
which section 40( 5) of this Act applies .
The Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947
The following entry shall be added to Schedule 6 : -
" Section 200( 3) of the Road
Such period as the Secretary of
Traffic Act 1972 .
State may fix. "
c.20
Road Traffic Act 1972 361
The Road Traffic Act 1960
For section 247( 2 ) there shall be substituted-
" ( 2) There shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund all
fines imposed in respect of offences committed in Scotland under
the foregoing provisions of this Act or the regulations there-
under, except offences under section 148( 2) or (in a case where
the offender has been convicted otherwise than on indictment )
section 234 ".
The Administration of Justice Act 1965
In section 14(1) there shall be added at the end of paragraph (g)
the words " or sections 144 or 146 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 ; ".
In section 14( 5 ) there shall be added at the end of paragraph (g)
the words or section 152 of the Road Traffic Act 1972.""
The Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967
In section 18(1) for the words " Part 1 of the Road Traffic Act
1960 " there shall be substituted the words " section 40 of the Road
Traffic Act 1972."
In section 54( 5) for the words " section 14 of the Road Traffic
Act 1960 " there shall be substituted the words " section 22 of the
Road Traffic Act 1972."
In section 57 for the words " section 12( 3) of the Road Traffic Act
1960" there shall be substituted the words " section 20( 4) of the
Road Traffic Act 1972."
In section 58( 2) for the words " Section 14 of the Road Traffic
Act 1960 " there shall be substituted the words " Section 22 of the
Road Traffic Act 1972."
In section 65(1) for the words " section 10(1)( c ) of the Road
Transport Lighting Act 1957 " there shall be substituted the words
" section 78(1)( c) of the Road Traffic Act 1972 " .
In section 80( 1)( a) for the words " (as defined by the Road Trans-
port Lighting Act 1957) " there shall be substituted the words " (as
defined by section 82 of the Road Traffic Act 1972) " .
In section 80(1)(e) for the words " section 64( 2) of the Road Traffic
Act 1960 " there shall be substituted the words " section 40(5) of the
Road Traffic Act 1972 " and for the words " offence specified in Part
11 of Schedule 1 to the Road Traffic Act 1962 (which relates to
offences involving disqualification) " there shall be substituted the
words " offence involving discretionary disqualification within the
meaning of Part III of the Road Traffic Act 1972 " .
In section 81( 4A )( c ) for the words " in the Road Traffic Act 1960 "
there shall be substituted the words " in the Road Traffic Act 1972 "
and for the words " sections 14 and 15 ", " section 223 ", " section
225(1) and ( 4) " , " sections 226 and 229 " and " section 242 " there
shall be substituted the words " sections 22 and 23 ", " section 159 ",
" section 161 (1) and (4) ", " sections 162 and 165 " and " section
181 " respectively.
SCH. 7
1960 с. 16.
1965 с. 2.
1967 с. 76.
c. 20
362 Road Traffic Act 1972
SCH. 7
1967 с. 80.
In section 81( 4B ) for the words " Road Traffic Act 1960,
namely sections 223, 225( 1) and ( 4 ) and 226 " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " Road Traffic Act 1972, namely sections 159,
161( 1) and ( 4) and 162 " and for the words " section 226 " and
" section 223 " there shall be substituted the words " section 162 "
and " section 159 " respectively.
In section 89( 4 ) after the words " section 242 of the Road Traffic
Act 1960 " there shall be inserted the words " or section 181 of the
Road Traffic Act 1972 " .
In section 93(1) for the words " section 1, section 2 or section 6
of the Road Traffic Act 1960 " there shall be substituted the words
" section 1 , section 2 or section 5 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 " .
In section 103(1)(b) for the words " section 10( 5) of the Road
Transport Lighting Act 1957 and of section 254 of the Road Traffic
Act 1960 " there shall be substituted the words " section 193 of the
Road Traffic Act 1972 ".
The Criminal Justice Act 1967
In section 56(1)(a) after the words " section 5 of the Road Traffic
Act 1962 " there shall be inserted the words "
or section 93 of the
Road Traffic Act 1972 " .
In section 56( 6) for the words " 5 and 7 of the Road Traffic Act
1962 " there shall be substituted the words " 93 and 101 of the
Road Traffic Act 1972 ".
In section 56(13) after the words " Part II of the Road Traffic
Act 1960 " there shall be inserted the words " or Part III of the Road
Traffic Act 1972 ; "
1968 с. 27.
The Firearms Act 1968
In Schedule 2, for paragraph 17 there shall be substituted-
" 17. Offences against section 175 of the Road Traffic Act
1972".
1968 с. 41.
1968 с. 73.
The Countryside Act 1968
In section 30( 5) for the words " Road Traffic Act 1960 " there
shall be substituted the words " Road Traffic Act 1972 " .
The Transport Act 1968
In section 69( 4), in paragraph ( f ) there shall be inserted after the
words " 18 of the Road Safety Act 1967 " the words " or section 59
of the Road Traffic Act 1972 ", and in paragraph (h) there shall be
inserted after the words " Road Safety Act 1967 " the words "or
section 57 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 " .
In section 82(8) for the words " Part IV of the Act of 1960 " there
shall be substituted the words " section 56 of the Road Traffic
Act 1972 ".
In section 92(5) for the words " section 259 of the Act of 1960 "
there shall be substituted the words " section 198 of the Road Traffic
Act 1972 ".
Road Traffic Act 1972 363
c. 20
In section 99( 8) for the words " Part IV of that Act" there shall
be substituted the words " section 56 of the Road Traffic Act
1972".
After section 102 there shall be inserted the following section :-
Exclusion of
66 102A .-(1 ) This Part of this Act and section 255 of
application the Road Traffic Act 1960 in its application thereto
to tramcars
andtrolley shall not apply to tramcars or trolley vehicles operated
vehicles.
under statutory powers.
( 2 ) In this section ' operated under statutory powers '
means, in relation to tramcars or trolley vehicles, that
their use is authorised or regulated by special Act of
Parliament or by an order having the force of an Act.
( 3) Subsection (1) above shall have effect subject to
any such Act or order as is mentioned in subsection (2)
above, and any such Act or order may apply to the
tramcars or trolley vehicles to which it relates any of
the provisions excluded by the said subsection ( 1) . " .
In section 159( 1), in the definition of " plated weight " there shall
be substituted for the words from " section 64 " onwards the words
" section 40 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 or required to be so
marked by section 47 of that Act ; " .
In Schedule 11, in the amendment of section 244 of the Road
Traffic Act 1960 for the words ' 236 thereof ' there shall be sub-
stituted the words ' 235 thereof '.
The Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons Act 1970
In section 20(1), in paragraph (b) for the words from “
Road
Traffic Act 1960 " to " Road Safety Act 1967" there shall be sub-
stituted the words " Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 and the Road
Traffic Act 1972 ", and in paragraph ( c ) for the words " Road
Transport Lighting Act 1957 " there shall be substituted the words
sections 68 to 81 of the said Act of 1972. " ."
The Vehicles (Excise) Act 1971
In section 2(1) (c), for the words " section 64( 4) of the Road Traffic
Act 1960 " there shall be substituted the words " section 42(1) of the
Road Traffic Act 1972 " .
In section 5(3), in the definition of " compulsory test " for the words
" section 65 of the Road Traffic Act 1960 " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " section 43 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 ",
for the words " section 14 ( 9) of the Road Safety Act 1967 " there
shall be substituted the words " section 52( 2) of that Act", for the
words " section 9 or for the purposes of section 10 " there shall be
substituted the words " section 45 or for the purposes of section 47 ",
for the words " section 13(1)(a) " there shall be substituted the words
" section 50( 1)(a) " and for the words " section 12" there shall be
substituted the words " section 49 ".
SCH. 7
1970 с. 44.
1971 с. 10.
c . 20
364 Road Traffic Act 1972
SCH . 7 In section 5( 3), in the definition of " the relevant certificate ",
there shall be substituted for the words " section 65 ", " section 9 "
and " section 10 " the words " section 43 ", " section 45 " and
" section 47 " respectively.
In section 5(3), in the definition of " authorised person ", there
shall be substituted for the words " section 65 " the words " section
43".
In section 5( 3), in the definition of " goods vehicle examiner ",
there shall be substitued for the words " 183 of the said Act of
1960 " the words " 56 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 " and for the
words " that Act " the words " the Road Traffic Act 1960 " .
In section 22(1) , in proviso (b), there shall be substituted for
the words from " section 4(1) of the Road Traffic (Amendment)
Act 1967 " to " a test certificate ) " the words " section 44 of the
Road Traffic Act 1972 applies by virtue of subsection (2)(b) thereof
( vehicles manufactured before the prescribed period and used before
registration) " and for the words from " section 65 " onwards there
shall be substituted the words " section 43 of the said Act of 1972
( examinations for test certificates ) in circumstances in which its use
is exempted from the said section 44(1) by regulations under
section 44( 6) thereof. " .
Section 204. SCHEDULE 8
TRANSITORY MODIFICATIONS OF THIS ACT
1. Section 44 shall have effect as if subsection (3)(b) were omitted.
2. Sections 54 and 55 shall be omitted.
3.- (1) In relation to vehicles in respect of which section 2 of the
Road Transport Lighting Act 1953 was not in force by virtue of
the Road Transport Lighting Act 1953 (Commencment No. 1)
Order 1954 on 31st August 1957, that is to say-
( a ) existing public service vehicles within the meaning of the
said Order of 1954 and,
( b) mechanically propelled vehicles or trailers within the meaning
of the said Order of 1954 brought temporarily into Great
Britain by persons resident outside the United Kingdom ,
sections 68 to 77 of this Act shall have effect subject to the modifica-
tions mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) below.
( 2) The modifications referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above are-
( a ) in section 68( 1)( b), for the words " two lamps, each " there
shall be substituted the words 66
one lamp " ;
( b ) in section 68( 6 ), for the words " in a clean and efficient
condition " there shall be substituted the words " in efficient
condition " ;
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 365
( c ) in section 73, subsection (1)(c ) shall be omitted ;
( d ) in section 74, paragraph (b)( i) shall be omitted ;
(e ) in section 77(1)(b), for the words " lamps showing red lights
"
there shall be substituted the words " a lamp showing a red
light ".
( 3) The power to make regulations conferred by section 73 ( 1 )(c) of
this Act may, notwithstanding sub-paragraph (2 )( c) above, be exer-
cised , in relation to any vehicles as respects which for the time being
the modifications specified in sub-paragraph ( 2) above have effect, at
any time before those modifications cease to have effect in relation to
those vehicles, but so that the regulations shall not come into force
with respect to vehicles of any class before the modifications cease to
have effect with respect to vehicles of that class.
4. Section 105 shall have effect as if-
( a ) in subsection ( 2 ) for the words from "
may dispose of it as
he thinks fit " onwards there were substituted the words
" shall keep the licence until the disqualification has expired
or been removed and the person entitled to the licence has
made a demand in writing for its return to him " ; and
( b ) in subsection ( 4 ) after the word " then " there were inserted
the words " on the return to him of any licence held by him ,
ог".
5. Part VI of this Act shall have effect until 1st December 1972
as if there were added at the end of section 145( 4 ) the following-
46 or ;
( c ) liability in respect of the death of, or bodily injury to,
persons being carried in or upon, or entering or getting
on to or alighting from, the vehicle at the time of the
occurrence of the event out of which the claims arise :
Provided that paragraph ( c) of this subsection shall not have
effect in the case of a vehicle in which passengers are carried
for hire or reward or by reason of or in pursuance of a contract
of employment. " ;
and as if section 148( 3) were omitted.
SCHEDULE 9
REPEALS AND REVOCATIONS
PART I
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
SCH. 8
Section 205(1).
Session and
Chapter
5 & 6 Eliz. 2.
Ch. 51.
6 & 7 Eliz. 2.
Ch. 22.
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Road Transport The whole Act.
Lighting Act 1957.
The Road Transport | The whole Act.
Lighting ( Amendment)
Act 1958.
c . 20
366 Road Traffic Act 1972
SCH. 9
Session and
Chapter ShortTitle Extent of Repeal
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Road Traffic Act Parts I and II.
Ch. 16. 1960.
Sections 183, 184 and 185 .
Sections 187 and 189 to 191 .
Parts V and VI.
Sections 217 to 221 .
Sections 223 to 231 .
In section 232 (1), in paragraph
( a ) the words " I, II or " and
the words from except
" "
onwards, in paragraph (b) the
words from " or subsection
( 5) " onwards, and paragraphs
(c), (d) and (e) ; and in section
232(3) the words from " or "
to " tricycle " .
In section 233(1 ), paragraphs
( b) and (e) to (h) .
In section 235, in subsection (1),
paragraph (d), subsection (2)
and in subsection (3) the words
" or subsection (2) " .
Sections 236 to 238 .
In section 239, the words from
“ ( other than " to " sixty-five
thereof ) . "
Section 241 .
In section 244 the words "
one
hundred and ten, two hundred
and one or " and " or two
hundred and thirty- six " .
In section 247( 1) the words
" subsection ( 7) of section
one hundred and forty one
or " and " or a fine imposed
in respect of an offence under
section 22 of the Vehicle and
Driving Licences Act 1969 ".
Section 250.
Section 254 .
In section 255 the words " and
of any other enactment rela-
ting to the use of motor
vehicles on roads, ".
Section 256.
In section 257( 1) the defini-
tions of " the appropriate
Minister " , " bridge autho-
" "
rity bridleway " , "foot-
path", " highway authority" ,
66
" salvage special road
" statutory", " test certifi-
cate " and " traffic sign " and
the words except for the
purposes of section one
"
qualifying the definition of
"driver".
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 367
SCH. 9
Session and
Chapter
8 & 9 Eliz. 2.
Ch. 16 -cont.
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Road Traffic Act Section 259 .
1960. -cont.
In section 260, in subsection (1)
the words from or the
Secretary of State " to
" jointly " , in subsection ( 2)
the words from “
or, as the
case may be " to " jointly ",
in subsection ( 3) the words
from ( other than ""
to
Act ) " and subsection ( 4).
Sections 261 and 262.
In section 263(1) the words
" or V".
Schedules 8, 9, 15 and 16.
In Schedule 17 the amendments
of the Roads and Bridges
( Scotland ) Act 1878, the
Burgh Police (Scotland) Act
1892, the Local Government
( Scotland) Act 1947 and the
Road Transport Lighting Act
1957.
In Schedule 19, paragraphs
5(1 ), 7, 8 and 16.
The whole Act.
Section 21 .
8 & 9 Eliz. 2.
Ch. 51 .
8 & 9 Eliz. 2.
Ch. 63.
The Road Traffic ( Amend-
ment) Act 1960.
The Road Traffic and
Roads Improvement Act
1960.
8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Road Traffic (Driving The whole Act.
Ch. 69.
of Motor Cycles) Act
1960.
10 &11 Eliz. 2. The Road Traffic Act
Ch. 59.
1962.
1962 с. 13.
1963 с. 33.
1965 с. 2. The Administration of
Justice Act 1965.
1967 с. 30. The Road Safety Act
1967.
The whole Act except sections
49, 51 and 52(1) and in
Schedule 1 , paragraphs 48,
49 and 51 , and in Schedule 4
the amendments of sections
130 and 242 of the Road
Traffic Act 1960.
The Vehicles ( Excise) Act In Schedule 7 the amendment
1962.
of the Road Transport Light-
ing Act 1957.
The London Government In section 9( 6) the words " or
Act 1963 . the Road Traffic Act 1962 " .
In section 14(6), paragraphs ( a),
( c ) and (e ).
In section 15( 1), the words
" and the Road Traffic Act
1962 ".
In Part I of Schedule 5, para-
graphs 1, 13 to 16, 27, 28, 29,
32 and 34.
In Schedule 1 , the amendment
of the Road Traffic Act 1960.
The whole Act.
c. 20
368 Road Traffic Act 1972
SCH. 9
Session and
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1967 с. 55.
1967 с. 58.
The Road Transport
Lighting Act 1967.
The Criminal Law Act
1967
The whole Act.
1967 с. 70.
1967 с. 76.
The Road Traffic ( Amend-
ment) Act 1967.
The Road Traffic Regu-
lation Act 1967.
1967 с. 79.
In Schedule 2, in paragraph 13,
sub- paragraph (1)(e) and sub-
paragraph (2).
The whole Act except sections
8 and 10.
In Schedule 6, the amendment
of the Road Transport Light-
ing Act 1957, the amendments
of sections 14, 74, 98, 192,
237, 254, 255, 257 and 259 of
the Road Traffic Act 1960
and the amendments of the
Road Traffic Act 1962 and
the Road Safety Act 1967.
The whole Act.
1967 с. 80.
The Road Traffic ( Driving
Instruction) Act 1967.
The Criminal Justice Act
1967.
1968 с. 29. Section 51 .
In section 56, subsections ( 8)
to (12 ) and the definitions of
licence " and Northern" “
Ireland licence " in subsection
( 13 ) .
In Schedule 6, the amendment
of the Road Traffic Act 1960
in paragraph 23.
In Schedule 1, paragraph 4.
1968 с. 41 . The
1968 с. 59. 1968 с. 60. 1968 с. 73 .
The Trade Descriptions
Act 1968 .
Countryside Act | Section 30(6) and (7) .
1968.
The Hovercraft Act 1968 . In the Schedule, paragraph 4 ( a).
The Theft Act 1968 .
In Part II of Schedule 2, the
amendment of the Road
Traffic Act 1962.
The Transport Act 1968. In section 130(6), paragraph (d ) .
In section 145, subsections (3)
and( 4 ).
Section 146 and 148.
In Schedule 10, in Part I the
amendments of sections 183
and 232 of the Road Traffic
Act 1960 and in the amend-
ment of section 247 of that
Act the words " the Act of
1960 or " , and in Part II the
amendments of sections 183,
185 and 191 of the Road
Traffic Act 1960 and the
amendment of section 16 of
the Road Safety Act 1967.
In Schedule 11, in the amend-
ment of section 247 of the
Road Traffic Act 1960 the
words " the Act of 1960 or '
and the amendments of sec-
tion 259 of and Schedule 14 to
that Act.
c. 20
Road Traffic Act 1972 369
SCH. 9
Session and
Chapter
1969 с. 27.
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
The Vehicle and Driving
Licences Act 1969 .
Sections 13 to 15 .
Section 16, except subsection
( 2 ) and (6) .
Section 18.
In section 20( 5) the words
from ; and for the pur-
poses " onwards.
Sections 22 and 23 .
In section 25, subsection (6) .
In section 26, subsection (3 ).
Section 27, except so far as it
relates to sections 1 and 2 of
thatAct .
Sections 31 and 32.
Section 35 .
In Schedule 1, paragraphs 1 , 2,
3 and 12.
Schedule 2, except paragraphs
8 and 11 .
1969 с. 35.
The Transport (London)
Act 1969.
Section 9(2) .
1970 с. 23. The Road Traffic ( Dis- | The whole Act.
qualification) Act 1970.
1971 с. 36. The Motor Vehicles The whole Act.
( Passenger Insurance)
Act 1971 .
PART II
ORDERS REVOKED
Year and
Number Title
S.I. 1968/656. The Fees for Inquiries
( Variation ) Order 1968.
Extent of Revocation
In the Schedule, the entry
relating to the Road Traffic
Act 1960.
The whole Order.
S.I. 1968/1970. The Road Traffic Acci-
dents (Payments for
Treatment) ( England
and Wales) Order 1968 .
S.I. 1968/1994. The Road Traffic Acci- The whole Order.
dents ( Payments for
Treatment) (Scotland)
Order 1968.
c. 20
370 Road Traffic Act 1972
Section 205( 2 ). SCHEDULE 10
SAVINGS AND TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
1. In so far as any order, regulation, rule, agreement, application,
appointment, arrangement, declaration, determination, decision,
nomination, request, specification or representation made or having
effect as if made, authorisation or licence granted or having effect as
if granted, approval, certificate, consent, designation, direction or
notice issued, given or delivered or having effect as if issued, given
or delivered, condition, prohibition or requirement imposed or
attached or having effect as if imposed or attached, or other thing
done or having effect as if done, under an enactment repealed by
this Act could have been made, granted, issued, given, delivered,
imposed, attached or done under a corresponding provision of this
Act, it shall not be invalidated by the repeal effected by section
205(1) of this Act, but shall have effect as if made, granted, issued,
given, delivered, imposed, attached or done under that corresponding
provision.
2. Nothing in this Act shall affect the enactments repealed thereby
in their operation in relation to offences committed before the
commencement of this Act or to appeals against disqualifications
by virtue of convictions for offences so committed or against orders
made in consequence of such convictions .
3. Where any enactment or document refers , whether specifically
or by means of a general description, to an enactment repealed by or
reproduced in this Act or is to be construed as so referring, the
reference shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be
construed as, or as including, a reference to the corresponding
provision of this Act.
4.- (1 ) Without prejudice to paragraph 1 above, any reference
in this Act (whether expressed or implied ) to a thing done or made
or falling to be done or made, or to a thing suffered, or to an
event which has occurred, under or for the purposes of or by
reference to a provision of this Act shall, in so far as the context
permits, be construed as including a reference to the corresponding
thing done or made or falling to be done or made, to the corres-
ponding thing suffered or, as the case may be, to the corresponding
event which occurred under, or for the purposes of, or by reference
to, the corresponding provision of the enactments repealed by this
Act .
( 2) Sub-paragraph ( 1) above shall not apply to any reference
in this Act to a conviction.
5. For the purpose of determining-
( a ) the punishment ( by fine, imprisonment or both ) which may
be imposed on a person in respect of the commission by
him of an offence under any provision of this Act ; or
(b) whether such an offence committed by a person involves
obligatory disqualification for holding or obtaining a licence
under Part III of this Act ; or
Road Traffic Act 1972 371
c. 20
( c ) the length of the period for which a person is to be ordered
to be disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence under
SCH. 10
the said Part III,
an offence committed by that person under the corresponding enact-
ment repealed by this Act or under an enactment repealed by the
Road Traffic Act 1960 which by paragraph 5( 1 ) of Schedule 19 1960 с. 16.
to that Act is to be treated as having been committed under an
enactment contained in that Act shall be deemed to have been
committed under that provision ; and, in a case where such a deter-
mination depends upon whether that person has been previously
convicted of an offence under any other provision of this Act,
an offence committed by that person under an enactment so repealed
which corresponds with an offence under that other provision of
this Act shall be deemed to have been committed under that other
provision.
For the purposes of this paragraph an offence under section 3 ( 3)
of the Road Safety Act 1967 shall be treated as corresponding 1967 c. 30.
with an offence under section 9( 3) of this Act and where the punish-
ment for an offence under section 5(1), 6(1) or 9( 3) of this Act
depends upon whether the circumstances mentioned in paragraph (i)
or in paragraph (ii ) of the entry relating to the last- mentioned
offence in column 4 of Part I of Schedule 4 to this Act are shown, the
reference to the circumstances mentioned in paragraph (i ) shall
include a reference to the circumstances mentioned in paragraph (a)
of the said section 3( 3) and the reference to the circumstances
mentioned in paragraph (ii) shall include a reference to the circum-
stances mentioned in paragraph (b) of the said section 3(3).
6. Sections 95 and 99 of this Act shall apply to a person dis-
qualified by an order of a court under the Motor Car Act 1903 1903 с. 36.
for obtaining a licence under that Act as they apply to a person
disqualified by an order of a court under Part III of this Act for
holding or obtaining a licence under the said Part III .
7.- ( 1 ) Without prejudice to section 95 of this Act, any person
who by an order of a court made before 15th July 1970 was, in
pursuance of section 5( 5) of the Road Traffic Act 1962, disqualified 1962 c. 59.
for holding or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle granted
under Part II of the Road Traffic Act 1960 for an additional period
in consequence of a conviction of an offence under section 110(b)
of the said Act of 1960 may apply for the removal of the dis-
qualification to the court by which the order was made or, if there
are in force two or more such orders disqualifying him for an
additional period, he may apply for the removal of the disqualification
to the court which made the last of the orders to expire ; and on
any such application the court may, as it thinks proper, either by
order remove the disqualification or all or any of the disqualications
as from such date as may be specified in the order or refuse the
application.
( 2) If under this paragraph a court orders a disqualification to be
removed, the court shall cause particulars of the order to be endorsed
on any licence to drive a motor vehicle granted to the applicant
c. 20
372 Road Traffic Act 1972
SCH. 10
1969 с. 27.
under Part II of the Road Traffic Act 1960, and the court shall, in
any case, have power to order the applicant to pay the whole or any
part of the costs of the application.
8. A licence to drive a motor vehicle which was in force by
virtue of section 101 or 102 of the Road Traffic Act 1960 immedi-
ately before 1st June 1970 shall have effect thereafter as if duly
granted in pursuance of section 101 of that Act as then replaced
by section 14( 1) of the Vehicle and Driving Licences Act 1969 on
the day on which it was actually granted.
9. Any record kept under an enactment repealed by this Act
shall be deemed to form part of the record kept under the corres-
ponding provision of this Act.
10. Section 249 of the Road Traffic Act 1960 ( general provision
as to inquiries) shall apply in relation to an inquiry proceeding
at the commencement of this Act, being an inquiry ordered under
any provision of an enactment repealed by this Act, as it would
have applied if this Act had not passed.
11. Nothing in section 154 or 155 of this Act or in the revocation
by section 205 thereof of the last two orders specified in Part II of
Schedule 9 to this Act shall be taken to increase the amount which
any person is or becomes liable to pay in respect of an accident
which occurred on or before 1st January 1969 (the date on which
those orders came into operation) .
с. 21 373
カカメ
PENSE
DRO
DIEU ETMON
Deposit of Poisonous
Waste Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 21
An Act to penalise the depositing on land of poisonous,
noxious or polluting waste so as to give rise to an
environmental hazard, and to make offenders liable for
any resultant damage ; to require the giving of notices
in connection with the removal and deposit of waste ;
and for connected purposes . [30th March 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, no person shall General
deposit waste on land, or cause or permit waste to be deposited prohibition on
on land , where the waste is of a kind which is poisonous, noxious depositing
poisonous
or polluting and its presence on the land is liable to give rise to and other
an environmental hazard .
dangerous
waste.( 2) For the purposes of this Act, a person is to be treated as
depositing waste if he deposits any substance ( whether solid,
semi-solid or liquid ) in such circumstances , or for such a period,
that he may reasonably be assumed to have abandoned it where
it is deposited or to have brought it to the place where it is
deposited for the purpose of its being disposed of (whether by
him or others) as waste.
( 3) The presence of waste on any land is to be treated as giving
rise to an environmental hazard if the waste has been deposited
in such a manner, or in such quantity ( whether that quantity by
itself or cumulatively with other deposits of the same or different
374 c. 21
Deposit ofPoisonous Waste Act 1972
substances) as to subject persons or animals to material risk of
death, injury or impairment of health, or as to threaten the
pollution or contamination ( whether on the surface or under
ground) of any water supply ; and where waste is deposited
in containers, this shall not of itself be taken to exclude any risk
which mightbe expected to arise if the waste were not in containers .
( 4 ) In the case of any deposit of waste, the degree of risk
relevant for purposes of subsection ( 3) above shall be assessed
with particular regard-
( a ) to the measures, if any, taken by the person depositing the
waste, or by the owner or occupier of the land, or by
others, for minimising the risk; and
( b) to any likelihood of the waste, or any container in which
it is deposited, being tampered with by children or others .
( 5 ) Subject to the next following subsection, any person who
contravenes subsection (1) of this section shall be guilty of an
offence and liable-
( a) on summary conviction to a fine of not more than £ 400
or to imprisonment for a term of not more than six
months, or to both; or
( b ) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for not
more than five years or a fine, or to both.
( 6 ) It shall be a defence for a person charged with an offence
under this section in relation to any deposit of waste-
( a ) where the charge is of depositing waste, or causing or
permitting waste to be deposited, to prove-
( i) that he acted under instructions given to him by
his employer, or
(ii ) that he relied on information given to him by
others with respect to the waste ( without any reason
to suppose that the information was false or mis-
leading ),
and in either case that he neither knew, nor had any
reason for supposing, that the waste was of such a kind
that it would be an offence to deposit it ;
( b ) where the charge is of causing or permitting waste to be
deposited, that he took all such steps as were reasonably
open to him to ensure that no offence would be com-
mitted.
( 7 ) Nothing is to be taken as a contravention of subsection (1 )
above which is done pursuant to, and in accordance with the
terms of , any consent, licence , approval or authority granted
under an enactment; but no planning permission granted or
deemed to be granted under the enactments relating to town
and country planning shall be taken to authorise anything which
is a contravention of that subsection.
Deposit ofPoisonous Waste Act 1972 c. 21
375
2.- (1 ) Where any damage is caused by poisonous, noxious Civil
or polluting waste which has been deposited on land, any person liability .
who deposited it, or caused or permitted it to be deposited, in
either case so as to commit a contravention of section 1(1) of
this Act, is liable for the damage except where the damage-
( a ) was due wholly to the fault of the person who suffered it,
or
( b) was suffered by a person who voluntarily accepted the
risk thereof.
( 2 ) The matters which may under section 1( 6 ) of this Act
be proved by way of defence to a charge of contravening section
1(1) may be proved also by way of defence to an action brought
by virtue of subsection (1 ) above (references in paragraphs ( a)
and (b) of section 1( 6) to the charge being construed as references
to the act alleged to give rise to the liability ) .
( 3) In this section-
( a) " damage " includes the death of , or injury to, any person
(including any disease and any impairment of physical
or mental condition), and
( b) " fault " has the same meaning as in the Law Reform 1945 c. 28.
( Contributory Negligence) Act 1945.
( 4 ) For the purposes of the following enactments , namely-
the Fatal Accidents Acts 1846 to 1959 ;
the Law Reform (Contributory Negligence ) Act 1945; and
the Limitation Acts 1939 and 1963 and the Law Reform 1954 c. 36.
( Limitation of Actions, &c.) Act 1954,
and for the purposes of any action of damages in Scotland
arising out of the death of, or personal injury to, any person,
any damage for which a person is liable under subsection (1 )
above shall be treated as due to his fault.
(5 ) Subsection (1) above is without prejudice to any liability
which arises apart from the provisions of this section.
3.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no person shall- Duty to
notify
( a ) remove from any premises any waste to which this section responsible
applies with a view to its being deposited elsewhere, or authorities
cause or permit any such waste to be so removed, or before
removing or
(b) deposit, or cause or permit to be deposited, on any land depositing
any waste to which this section applies ,
waste .unless each of the authorities responsible under this section has
been given ( whether by that person or by others) the notices
required by this section.
376 c. 21
Deposit ofPoisonous Waste Act 1972
( 2 ) The notices referred to above, in relation to any waste, are
notices specifying the following particulars with respect to the
removal or deposit-
(a ) in the case of removal, the premises from which the
waste is to be removed and in any case the land on
which it is to be deposited;
(b) the nature and chemical composition of the waste;
(c ) the quantity which is proposed to be removed or deposited
and, where the waste is to be removed or deposited in
containers, their number, size and description ; and
( d) in the case of waste to be removed, the name of the person
who is to undertake the removal.
( 3) A person who gives a notice for the purposes of subsection
(1) above in respect of the removal of any waste from premises
shall, if the removal is not to be undertaken by him or an employee
ofhis, give a copy of the notice to the person who is to undertake
the removal ; and the copy shall be given to that person before
the waste is removed .
( 4 ) This section applies to waste of any description ( whether
solid, semi- solid or liquid ) other than any description for the
time being specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State
as being not so poisonous, noxious or polluting that it need be
subject to this section; and regulations under this section may
exclude the requirement imposed by subsection (1 ) above, in the
case of any removal or deposit of waste-
( a ) where the waste is of a prescribed description and is
deposited in any prescribed manner by, or under
arrangements made by, persons of any prescribed class,
or is deposited in prescribed circumstances (including
circumstances of emergency) ;
(b ) where the deposit is made, or is made in prescribed
circumstances, pursuant to any consent, licence, approval
or authority granted under an enactment ;
and in this subsection " prescribed " means prescribed by regu-
lations of the Secretary of State under this section.
( 5 ) The authorities responsible under this section are-
( a ) in the case of removal of waste from premises, the local
authority and the river authority or river purification
board for the area in which those premises are situated ;
and
( b ) in any case the local authority and the river authority
or river purification board for the area in which is
situated the land on which the waste is to be deposited;
but nothing in this section shall be taken as requiring a notice
to be given by any authority to itself .
Deposit ofPoisonous Waste Act 1972 c. 21
377
( 6 ) Notices for the purposes of subsection (1) above must have
been given at least three clear days before the removal, or as the
case may be the deposit, of any waste ; but in reckoning any
period of days for the purposes of this subsection, any Saturday,
Sunday, Good Friday, Christmas Day or bank holiday shall be
disregarded.
( 7 ) Subject to the following subsection, any person who—
( a ) contravenes subsection (1) or subsection ( 3) above, or
( b ) in a notice given for the purposes of subsection ( 1)
makes any statement which he knows to be false or
does not believe to be true,
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction
to a fine of not more than £ 400.
( 8) It shall be a defence for a person charged with an offence
of contravening subsection (1) above to prove that, while he had
not himself given the notices required by this section-
( a ) he relied on information that the notices had been given
by others ; and
( b) that he neither knew nor had any reason for supposing
that the information was false or misleading.
( 9) Regulations of the Secretary of State under this section
shall be made by statutory instrument subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
4 .- (1) In the case of a person carrying on a trade or business Operators of
in the course of which he operates any site as a refuse tip, section commercial
3(1)( b) of this Act shall not apply in respect of any deposit of tips.
waste on the tip if the person has, not less than three clear days
before the day on which the deposit is made, received a copy of
any notice given for compliance with section 3(1) in relation to
the removal and deposit of that waste .
( 2 ) Such a person shall, within a period of not more than three
days beginning with the date on which any waste to which section
3 of this Act applies was deposited on the tip, give notice to each
of the authorities responsible under this section specifying the
following particulars with respect to the deposit-
( a ) the location of the tip ;
( b) the nature and chemical composition of the waste ;
( c ) the quantity which has been deposited and, where the
waste has been deposited in containers, their number,
size and description ;
( d ) the name of the person who brought the waste to the tip
for the purpose of depositing it there, and the name of
that person's employer (if any) ; and
378 Local
authorities
andtheir
functions .
1936 с. 49.
1956 с. 30.
с. 21
Deposit ofPoisonous Waste Act 1972
( e ) in a case where he has received such a copy of a notice
as is specified in subsection (1) above, the name of the
person from whom the notice was received, and the
premises from which the waste was removed with a view
to its being deposited on the tip .
( 3) The authorities responsible under this section are-
( a ) in a case where the person operating the tip has, in
relation to the waste in question, received such a copy
of a notice as is referred to in subsection (1) above, the
local authority and the river authority or river purifica-
tion board for the area in which are situated the premises
from which the waste was removed ; and
( b) in any case, the local authority and the river authority or
river purification board for the area in which the tip is
situated.
( 4 ) Subject to the following subsection, any person who-
( a ) contravenes subsection (2) above, or
( b) in a notice given for the purposes of that subsection ,
makes any statement which he knows to be false or
does not believe to be true,
shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction
to a fine of not more than £400.
( 5 ) It shall be a defence for a person charged with an offence
of contravening subsection ( 2) above to prove, in relation to any
deposit of waste, that he was unaware that the waste was of such
a description that section 3 applied to it; but this defence shall be
available only if he also proves-
( a ) that he took care to inform himself as to the nature and
chemical composition of the waste from persons who
were in a position to provide such information ; and
( b ) that he neither knew nor had any reason for supposing
that the information given to him was false or mis-
leading.
5.- (1) The local authorities for the purposes of this Act are-
( a ) in England and Wales, county borough councils, county
district councils and the Greater London Council; and
( b ) in Scotland, county councils and town councils ;
and it shall be the duty of a local authority to enforce this Act
in their area, but this subsection shall not in Scotland authorise
an authority to institute proceedings for any offence .
( 2 ) Section 287 of the Public Health Act 1936 and section 36
of the Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act 1956 ( which relate to
powers of entry ) shall each have effect as if sections 1 and 3 of
this Act were contained in that Act ; and for the purposes of
this Act references in the said section 36 to premises shall include
any land.
Deposit ofPoisonous Waste Act 1972 c. 21
379
( 3) A local authority shall, in the case of any site operated by
them as a refuse tip, within a period of not more than three days
beginning with the date on which any waste to which section 3 of
this Act applies was deposited on the tip, give notice to the river
authority or the river purification board for the area in which the
tip is situated specifying the following particulars with respect
to the deposit-
( a ) the particulars referred to in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of
section 4( 2) of this Act, and
( b ) the premises from which the waste was removed with a
view to its being deposited on the tip .
( 4 ) Local authorities shall, in the case of waste to which
section 3 of this Act applies, keep records relating to the descrip-
tions and quantities of waste which are deposited from time to
time in their area, and the places where such waste is deposited.
6. Where an offence under this Act which has been committed Offences
by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the by bodies
consent or connivance of , or to be attributable to any neglect on corporate.
the part of, a director, manager, secretary or other similar officer
of the body corporate, or any person who was purporting to act
in any such capacity, he, as well as the body corporate, shall be
guilty of that offence and be liable to be proceeded against
accordingly.
Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its
members, this section shall apply in relation to the acts and
defaults of a member in connection with his functions of man-
agement as if he were a director of the body corporate.
7. In this Act-
Interpretation .
" land " includes land covered with water and also includes
any part of the seashore whether above or below high
water mark; and
" refuse tip " means any place for the deposit of refuse and
waste materials ;
and any reference to a river authority shall be construed as
including a reference to the Conservators of the River Thames,
the Lee Conservancy Catchment Board and the Isle of Wight
River and Water Authority.
8.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Deposit of Poisonous Citation,
Waste Act 1972. commence-
ment and
( 2) Sections 3, 4 and 5( 3) and ( 4 ) of this Act shall come into extent.
force on a day appointed by the Secretary of State by order made
by statutory instrument; but subject as aforesaid this Act shall
come into force on the date of its passing.
( 3 ) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
380 c. 22
HONIS
DIEU ET
YPENSE
MON DROIT
Northern Ireland ( Temporary
Provisions) Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 22
An Act to make temporary provision for the government
of Northern Ireland, and for purposes connected
therewith . [30th March 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Exercise of
1.- ( 1) So long as this section has effect, the Secretary of State
executive and legislative powers in N.Ι.
shall act as chief executive officer as respects Irish services instead
of the Governor of Northern Ireland, and no person shall be
appointed or hold office under and in accordance with section 8
1920 с. 67.
of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 as minister of Northern
Ireland or head of a department of the Government of Northern
Ireland ; and, subject to the provisions of this Act and any Order
in Council thereunder, -
( a) all functions which apart from this Act belong to the
Governor, or to the Governor in Council, or to the
Government or any minister of Northern Ireland or head
of a department of the Government of Northern Ireland,
shall be discharged by the Secretary of State ; and
(b) all functions which belong to a department of the Govern-
ment of Northern Ireland may be discharged by the
Secretary of State or (except in so far as he otherwise
directs) may, notwithstanding that there is no head of
the department, be discharged by the department on
behalf of the Secretary of State and subject to his
direction and control .
Paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection shall apply to functions
conferred by any enactment or instrument after the passing of
this Act, except in so far as provision to the contrary is made by
that enactment or instrument.
Northern Ireland (Temporary Provisions) Act 1972 c. 22 381
( 2 ) So long as this section has effect, the Attorney General for
England and Wales shall by virtue of that office be Attorney
General for Northern Ireland also, and he and the Solicitor
General shall by virtue of membership of the bar of England
and Wales have in Northern Ireland the same rights of audience
as members of the bar of Northern Ireland.
( 3 ) So long as this section has effect, the Parliament of Northern
Ireland shall stand prorogued ( and no writ need be issued to
fill any vacancy ) ; and Her Majesty shall have power by Order in
Council to make laws for any purpose for which the Parliament
of Northern Ireland has power to make laws, and may by any
such Order in Council confer powers or duties on the Secretary
of State or any other Minister or department of the Government
of the United Kingdom .
Subject to the provisions of this Act, any Order in Council
under this subsection may include the like provisions and shall
have the same validity and effect as an Act passed ( with any
necessary consent) by the Parliament of Northern Ireland, and
shall accordingly be subject to amendment and repeal by such
an Act or by a further Order in Council under this section, and
be deemed to be included ( so far as the context permits) in any
reference to enactments of that Parliament.
( 4 ) Save as provided by this section or any Order in Council
made thereunder, Irish services shall continue to be administered,
and the cost thereof to be met, as nearly as may be as if this section
had not been passed; but the Schedule to this Act shall have
effect to make provision as regards the discharge of functions
which are by this section made exercisable by the Secretary of
State or Attorney General, and as regards other consequential,
supplementary or transitional matters .
( 5 ) Subject to any provision made by the Schedule to this Act,
this section shall continue in force until the end ofthe period of one
year beginning with the passing of this Act and shall then expire ,
but, at any time before the expiry of this section, Her Majesty
may by Order in Council direct that it shall continue in force
for a further period of one year from the time at which it would
otherwise expire :
Provided that Her Majesty shall not be recommended to make
an Order under this subsection unless a draft of the Order has
been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.
2. Nothing in this Act shall derogate or authorise anything to Status of
be done in derogation from the status of Northern Ireland as Northern
part of the United Kingdom . Ireland as part
of the United
Kingdom.
3. This Act may be cited as the Northern Ireland ( Temporary Short title.
Provisions) Act 1972.
382 c. 22
Northern Ireland ( Temporary Provisions ) Act 1972
Section 1. SCHEDULE
CONSEQUENTIAL, SUPPLEMENTARY AND TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
Discharge of functions exercisable by Secretary of State
or Attorney General
1 .- (1) So long as section 1 of this Act has effect , there shall be
a body, to be known as the Northern Ireland Commission, to give
advice to the Secretary of State on such matters connected with the
discharge of his functions relating to Northern Ireland as he may refer
to them; and it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, unless in
any case it appears to him impracticable by reason of urgency or
otherwise so to do, to refer to the Commission for their advice any
proposal to recommend to Her Majesty the making of an Order in
Council under section 1( 3) of this Act and any proposal to make
1922 c. 5 (N.I.). regulations under section 1 (3) of the Civil Authorities ( Special Powers)
Act (Northern Ireland) 1922.
( 2 ) The Commission shall consist of such number of persons
appointed by the Secretary of State as he may from time to time
determine, but a person shall not be appointed a member of the
Commission unless he is at the time of his appointment ordinarily
resident in Northern Ireland.
( 3) At any meeting of the Commission the chair shall be taken by
the Secretary of State or, in his absence, by a person nominated by
him to take his place ( whether specially nominated for that meeting
or more generally) .
( 4) A member of the Commission shall hold and vacate office
as such in accordance with the terms of his appointment, but may
at any time, by notice in writing addressed to the Secretary of State,
resign his membership.
( 5 ) The Secretary of State may pay to the members of the Commis-
sion, out of moneys provided by Parliament, such remuneration
and allowances as he may with the approval of the Minister for the
Civil Service determine.
(6 ) No provision requiring the advice of any minister or of the Privy
Council of Northern Ireland in relation to any action of the Governor
shall be taken to apply in connection with the discharge of the
Governor's functions by the Secretary of State under this Act.
2.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may by order appoint such persons
as he sees fit-
( a ) to discharge any functions exercisable by him by virtue of
section 1 ( 1 ) of this Act, other than the power which is con-
ferred by section 1( 3) of the Civil Authorities ( Special Powers)
Act (Northern Ireland) 1922 to make regulations with respect
to the preservation of peace and maintenance of order ; or
(b) subject to any provision to the contrary in any Order in
Council under section 1( 3) of this Act, to discharge any
functions conferred on him by such an Order in Council.
Northern Ireland ( Temporary Provisions) Act 1972 c. 22 383
( 2 ) Anything done in pursuance of an appointment under sub-
paragraph (1) above shall be of the same validity and effect as if done
by the Secretary of State ; but no such appointment shall preclude the
Secretary of State from discharging any functions himself.
( 3) Any appointment under sub-paragraph (1) above may at any
time be revoked by a further order of the Secretary of State.
3.- (1) If at any time when section 1 of this Act has effect the office
of Attorney General for England and Wales is vacant, then any
functions authorised or required by any enactment or otherwise to be
discharged by the Attorney General for Northern Ireland may be
discharged by the Solicitor General for England and Wales as his
deputy, and any certificate, petition, direction, notice, proceeding or
other document, matter or thing whatsoever authorised or required
to be given, delivered, served, taken or done to, on or against the
Attorney General for Northern Ireland may be given, delivered,
served, taken or done to, on or against the Solicitor General for
England and Wales.
( 2 ) The Solicitor General for England and Wales may also, so long
as section 1 of this Act has effect, act as Attorney General for Northern
Ireland as deputy for the Attorney General for England and Wales, if
the Attorney General is unable to act owing to absence or illness , or
if the Attorney General authorises the Solicitor General to act in any
particular case.
Parliamentary procedure for Orders in Council
N.I. statutory rules etc.
4 .- (1) Her Majesty shall not be recommended to make an Order
in Council under section 1( 3) of this Act unless either a draft of the
Order has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament
or the Order declares that it has been made to appear to Her Majesty
that by reason of urgency the Order requires to be made without a
draft having been so approved.
( 2 ) Any Order in Council under section 1( 3) of this Act, other than
an Order in Council of which a draft has been approved by resolution
of each House of Parliament shall be laid before Parliament after
being made and, if at the end of the period of forty days ( computed
in accordance with section 7(1) of the Statutory Instruments Act 1946 )
after the day on which it is made the Order has not been approved by
resolution of each House, shall then cease to have effect ( but without
prejudice to anything previously done under the Order or to the
making of a new Order ) .
( 3) The Secretary of State shall not make any regulations under
section 1 ( 3) of the Civil Authorities (Special Powers) Act ( Northern 1922 c. 5 (N.I.).
Ireland ) 1922 unless either a draft of the regulations has been approved
by a resolution of each House of Parliament or the regulations declare
that it appears to the Secretary of State that by reason of urgency the
regulations require to be made without a draft having been so approved ;
and where any regulations are so made by the Secretary of State
without a draft having been so approved, the last foregoing sub-
paragraph shall apply to them as it applies to an Order in Council
under section 1( 3) of this Act.
384 c. 22 Northern Ireland ( Temporary Provisions ) Act 1972
( 4 ) An Order in Council under section 1( 3 ) of this Act may, in
relation to any statutory rules (including any such rules made by
virtue of such an Order in Council), make provision corresponding
to the last foregoing sub-paragraph or provision for the rules to be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament in like manner as a statutory instrument and for section 5
1946 с. 36.
of the Statutory Instruments Act 1946 to apply accordingly.
( 5 ) Where under any enactment or instrument it is a condition for
the taking of any step (other than the annulment of any instrument), or
for the coming of anything into operation, that a resolution or motion
has been passed or address presented by one or both of the Houses of
the Parliament of Northern Ireland, then so long as section 1 of this
Act has effect the step may be taken or the thing shall come into
operation without any such resolution, motion or address ; but this
sub- paragraph shall have no application to the consent required under
subsection (2) of section 1 of the Ireland Act 1949 ( which provides
that in no event will Northern Ireland nor any part thereof cease to
be part of His Majesty's dominions and of the United Kingdom
without the consent of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) ; and-
(a ) any statutory instrument made or coming into operation by
virtue of this sub-paragraph shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament ; and
(b) subject to any provision made by virtue of the last foregoing
sub- paragraph, any statutory rules so made or coming into
operation shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament in like manner as a
statutory instrument and section 5 of the Statutory Instru-
ments Act 1946 shall apply accordingly.
( 6 ) So much of any enactment or instrument as makes the taking of
any step, or the coming of anything into operation, conditional on the
laying of any instrument or document before the Parliament of Northern
Ireland or either House of that Parliament, or on any lapse of time
after an instrument or document is so laid, shall not apply so long as
section 1 of this Act has effect.
5. So long as section 1 of this Act has effect, section 10( 3), (4) and
1969 c. 10 (N.I.). (5)(a) of the Parliamentary Commissioner Act (Northern Ireland) 1969
1969 c. 25 ( N.I.). and section 11 ( 3) of the Commissioner for Complaints Act ( Northern
Ireland) 1969 shall have effect as if any reference therein to the Parlia-
ment of Northern Ireland were a reference to the Parliament of the
United Kingdom.
Transitional
6.- (1) Subject to any provision of this Act or of any Order in
Council under section 1( 3) of this Act, -
( a ) anything required or authorised by or under any enactment or
instrument to be done to or in relation to the Governor
or any minister of Northern Ireland in connection with any
functions exercisable by virtue of section 1(1) of this Act by
the Secretary of State shall, so long as section 1 of this Act
has effect, be done instead to or in relation to the Secretary
Northern Ireland ( Temporary Provisions) Act 1972 c. 22 385
of State or any person for the time being appointed by him
to discharge the relevant functions ; and
( b) any enactment or instrument shall have effect, so far as may
be necessary for or in consequence of the exercise of any
functions by the Secretary of State by virtue of section 1( 1) of
this Act, as if references to the Governor of Northern
Ireland or to the Governor in Council, or to the Government
or any minister of Northern Ireland (including any reference
which is to be construed as such a reference) were references
to the Secretary of State or any person appointed by him
to discharge the relevant functions.
( 2 ) This Act shall not invalidate anything done before it comes
into force; and, subject as aforesaid, -
( a) anything which is then in process of being done by or in
relation to the Governor or by or in relation to any minister
of Northern Ireland may be continued by or in relation to
the Secretary of State or any person appointed by him
to discharge the relevant functions ; and
(b ) any order, regulation, rule, direction, authority, appointment,
authentication, approval or other instrument or act effective
at the coming into force of this Act as that of the Governor
in Council or Governor or any minister of Northern Ireland
( other than any appointment as parliamentary secretary in a
department of the Government of Northern Ireland ) shall
continue to have effect as that of the Secretary of State.
7. The expiry of section 1 of this Act shall not affect the operation
thereof as respects things previously done or omitted to be done, or
affect the continuance or effect of any Order in Council, regulations
or other instrument or act effective by virtue of that section at the
expiry thereof; and any Order in Council, regulations or instrument
made or issued under or by virtue of that section may make provision
having permanent effect or provision to take effect on or after the
expiry of the section.
Interpretation
8. In this Schedule " enactment " includes an enactment of the
Parliament of Northern Ireland, " statutory rules " has the same
meaning as it has for purposes of the Statutory Rules Act ( Northern 1958 c. 18 (N.Ι. ) .
Ireland ) 1958 , and " statutory instrument " means a statutory instru-
ment within the meaning of the Statutory Instruments Act 1946. 1946 с. 36.
N
386 с . 23
DIEUETFOMON DROIT
SINOH
PENSE
Consolidated
Act
Fund
1972
1972 CHAPTER 23
( No. 2 )
An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to
the service of the year ending on 31st March 1973 .
[ 11th May, 1972]
Most Gracious Sovereign,
7E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the
Wassembled, towards making good the supply which we
Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament
have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of
Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum
hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech
Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the
Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and
consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in
this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the
same, as follows :-
Issue out of the Consolidated Fund
1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of
for the year ending the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply
31st March 1973.
granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on
31st March 1973 the sum of £295,778,000.
Short title.
2. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2)
Act 1972.
с . 24 387
SINOH
VPENSE
DIEUFT
ETMON DROL
Social Work (Scotland)
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 24
AnAct to amend section 30 of the Social Work (Scotland )
Act 1968 . [11th May 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1. In Part III of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 (children Jurisdiction
in need of compulsory measures of care ), in section 30 (definition of children's
of child, etc.) there shall be added the following subsection- hearingwhere
child attains
" ( 3) Where a child attains the age of sixteen years after age of 16
the date on which a children's hearing first sit to consider years after
his case, but before the date of the conclusion of the commence-
ment of
proceedings on his case, the provisions of this Part of this hearing.
Act and of any statutory instrument made thereunder shall 1968 с. 49.
continue to apply to him in relation to that case as if he
had not attained that age. "
2. This Act may be cited as the Social Work (Scotland) Act Citation.
1972, and the Social Work (Scotland ) Act 1968 and this Act
may be cited together as the Social Work ( Scotland ) Acts 1968
and 1972.
N2
388 c. 25
General
betting duty.
DIEUET MON DROIT
HONI
PENSE
Betting and Gaming Duties
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 25
An Act to consolidate certain enactments concerning
the duties of excise relating to betting and gaming.
[11th May 1972]
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
B
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
PART I
BETTING DUTIES
General betting duty
1.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, on any bet
which-
(a ) is made with a bookmaker in Great Britain otherwise
than by way of pool betting or coupon betting, or
(b) is made by way of sponsored pool betting or is other-
wise made by means of facilities provided by the
Horserace Totalisator Board , or
(c) is made on any event on a track to which this para-
graph applies by means of a totalisator on that track
and on the day on which that event takes place,
there shall be charged a duty of excise to be known as general
betting duty.
(2) The general betting duty in respect of any bet shall-
(a ) if it is an on- course bet, be of an amount equal to 5
per cent. of the amount staked, and
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 с. 25
389
( b) if it is not an on- course bet, be of an amount equal to PART I
6 per cent. of the amount staked.
( 3) Paragraph (c) of subsection ( 1) above applies to any track
in respect of which there is for the time being in force a track
betting licence granted under Schedule 3 to the Betting, Gaming 1963 c. 2.
and Lotteries Act 1963, and to any track which the Commis-
sioners see fit to treat for the purposes of that paragraph as if
it were such a track.
2.-( 1) The general betting duty in respect of any bet shall, Payment
without prejudice to any regulations made under paragraph 2 and recovery
of Schedule 1 to this Act, be due on the making of the bet , ofgeneral betting duty .
and shall be paid-
(a ) in the case of a bet with a bookmaker, and without
prejudice to subsection (2) below, by the bookmaker ;
( b) in the case of a bet made as mentioned in section
1 ( 1 ) (b) of this Act, by the Horserace Totalisator Board
or other person providing the facilities by means of
which the bet is made ;
(c ) in the case of such a bet made by means of a totalisator
as is mentioned in section 1(1)(c) of this Act, by the
operator.
(2) The general betting duty chargeable on any bet made with
a bookmaker shall be recoverable jointly and severally from
all or any of the following persons-
(a ) that bookmaker ;
( b) the holder of the bookmaker's permit or betting office
licence relating to the business in the course of which,
or the premises at which, the bet was made ;
( c ) any person responsible for the management of that
business or those premises ;
(d ) where the bookmaker is a company, any director of
that company.
3.-( 1 ) Where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Allowance for
Commissioners- hedging bets.
(a) that a bookmaker has laid off the whole or any part of
an on- course bet made with him by making an on-
course bet ( in this section called a " hedging " bet ),
being a dutiable bet made in the course of the same
meeting, and on the same contingency, as the first-
mentioned bet, and
( b ) that both the bookmaker making, and the person
accepting, the hedging bet have complied with such
conditions as the Commissioners think fit to impose
for the protection of the revenue,
N3
390 с. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
PART I
the first - mentioned bet shall, up to the amount staked by the
hedging bet , be exempt from general betting duty, and the
Commissioners shall remit or repay duty accordingly.
( 2) In giving relief under subsection ( 1 ) above, in no circum-
stances may any part of the amount staked by a hedging bet
be brought into account more than once.
( 3) In subsection ( 1) above, " dutiable bet" means a bet to
which section 1(1) of this Act applies .
Bets on
4. For the purposes of general betting duty, where a person
more than one contingency.
bets on more than one contingency on the terms that, in the
event of his bet being successful in respect of one contingency,
his stake on the bet , or his winnings in respect of that con-
tingency, or both, are to provide the stake in respect of another
contingency, then, unless he makes his bet on both or all of
those contingencies at the same time and on the terms that both
his original stake and the whole of his winnings in respect of
any of those contingencies are to be the stake in respect of any
other contingency on which the bet is made-
( a ) he shall be treated as making a separate bet on each
respectively of those contingencies and as staking on
each of those separate bets the amount respectively
provided for by the terms of the original bet ;
( b) any of those separate bets which depends on the out-
come of another or others of them shall be treated
as made if and when the conditions on which it depends
are satisfied.
Calculation
ofstake.
5. The aggregate amount paid by or debited to the account
of the bettor for or on account of or in connection with any
bet chargeable with general betting duty shall be treated for the
purposes of that duty as his stake on the bet, notwithstanding
that his winnings (if any) are to be computed on part only of
that amount, or that part of it is not to be returned to him in
the event of his winning, and no deduction shall be made for
other benefits secured by the bettor in paying that amount , or
for the expenses of any person on account of the duty or other-
wise, or for any other matter.
Pool betting duty
Pool betting
duty .
6.-(1 ) There shall be charged a duty of excise, to be known
as pool betting duty, -
(a ) subject to subsection (2) below, on all bets made by way
of pool betting, wherever made, and
( b) on all bets made at fixed odds with a bookmaker in
Great Britain by way of coupon betting,
not being bets made by way of sponsored pool betting or made
as mentioned in section 1(1) (c) of this Act.
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 с. 25
391
( 2) Bets made by way of pool betting are chargeable with
pool betting duty only if-
( a ) in the case of bets made by means of a totalisator, the
totalisator is situated in Great Britain ;
( b ) in the case of bets made otherwise than by means of a
totalisator, the promoter of the betting is in Great
Britain.
PART I
( 3) For the purposes of this and the next two following
sections, except in their application to coupon betting, -
( a) subject to paragraph (b) below and to section 12( 3)
of this Act, where payments are made for the chance
of winning any money or money's worth on terms
under which the payors have a power of selection
which may (directly or indirectly) determine the winner,
those payments shall be treated as bets notwithstand-
ing that the power is not exercised ;
( b) " bet " does not include the taking of a ticket or
chance-
( i) in any lottery which is declared by section 43,
44 or 46 of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 с. 2.
1963 not to be unlawful, or
( ii ) in any lottery to which section 45 of that Act
applies and in the case of which all the conditions
specified in subsection (3)(b), (c) and ( g) of that
section are observed.
7.- (1 ) The amount of the pool betting duty shall be equal Amount of
to 334 per cent. of the aggregate of-
pool betting
duty .
( a ) the amount of the stake money paid, and
( b) the expenses and profits described in subsection (3)
below ( but subject to subsection ( 4 ) below) .
( 2 ) For the purposes of pool betting duty, any payment which
entitles a person to make a bet by way of pool betting or coupon
betting shall, if he makes the bet, be treated as stake money on
the bet ; and this subsection shall apply to any payment entitling
a person to take part in a transaction which is, on his part,
only not a bet made by way of pool betting or coupon betting by
reason of his not in fact making any stake as if the transaction
were such a bet, and the transaction shall accordingly be
treated as a bet for the purposes of pool betting duty.
N4
392 с. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
PART I
( 3) The expenses and profits referred to in subsection ( 1 )(b)
above are the expenses and profits of the promoter of the
betting or any other person concerned with or benefiting from
the promotion of the betting so far as they are not provided for
out of the stake money and are not shown to be referable to
matters other than the promotion and management of the betting
and activities ancillary thereto or connected therewith ; and all
payments made for or on account of or in connection with any
bets made by way of pool betting or coupon betting in addition
to the stake money by the persons making the bets shall be
treated as representing amounts on which duty is (subject to
subsection (4) below) chargeable by virtue of subsection ( 1) (b)
above except in so far as the promoter of the betting proves the
contrary.
( 4) There shall be excepted from any charge to duty by
virtue of subsection ( 1) (b) or subsection (2) above the amount
of any benefit accruing from the betting to a society established
and conducted for charitable purposes only or to a society
established and conducted wholly or mainly for the support of
athletic sports or athletic games and not established or conducted
for purposes of private gain, if the benefit is provided by means
of payments made by persons making bets and those persons
know, when making the payments, that their purpose is to
provide the benefit.
In this subsection " society " includes any club, institution,
organisation or association of persons, by whatever name called.
Payment
8.-( 1 ) Pool betting duty shall be paid, in the case of bets
and recovery
made by means of a totalisator, by the operator and, in the
of pool betting
duty.
case of other bets, by the promoter.
( 2) The pool betting duty chargeable on any bet shall be
recoverable jointly and severally from all or any of the following
persons-
( a) the conductor of the dutiable betting by way of which
the bet was made ;
( b) any other person responsible for the management of any
premises or totalisator in respect of which that con-
ductor has made entry or given notice in accordance
with paragraph 4( 2) or ( 4) of Schedule 1 to this Act ;
( c) where a person within paragraph ( a ) or ( b) above is a
company, any director of that company.
( 3) In this section-
ود
" conductor of dutiable betting means a person carrying
on a business the carrying on of which involves or
may involve any sums becoming payable by him by
way of pool betting duty ;
" dutiable betting " means betting by way of pool betting
or coupon betting.
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
393
General PART I
9.- ( 1 ) With a view to protecting the revenue derived from Prohibitions
general betting duty and pool betting duty, any person who for protection
ofrevenue.(a ) conducts in Great Britain any business or agency for the
negotiation, receipt or transmission of bets to which
this section applies, or
( b) knowingly issues, circulates or distributes in Great
Britain, or has in his possession for that purpose, any
advertisement or other document inviting or otherwise
relating to the making of such bets, or
( c ) being a bookmaker in Great Britain, makes or offers
to make any such bet with a bookmaker outside Great
Britain,
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2 ) Except as mentioned in subsection (3) below, this section
applies to-
(a) all bets made by way of pool betting or coupon betting
unless-
(i) in the case of bets made by means of a totalisa-
tor, the totalisator is situated in Great Britain,
( ii ) in the case of bets made otherwise than by
means of a totalisator, the promoter of the betting is
in Great Britain, and
( b ) all bets made with a bookmaker outside Great Britain
( whether or not made by way of pool betting or
coupon betting) .
( 3) This section does not apply-
(a ) to any bet-
( i) made by way of pool betting or coupon betting
and otherwise than by means of a totalisator, or
(ii) made with a bookmaker otherwise than by
way of pool betting or coupon betting,
where the promoter of the pool betting or coupon bet-
ting or, as the case may be, the bookmaker is in
Northern Ireland or the Isle of Man and the bet is
such as to be chargeable with a duty imposed by or
under an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland or,
as the case may be, of Tynwald which corresponds to,
and is chargeable on the bet at a rate not less than
the appropriate rate of, pool betting duty or, as the
case may be, general betting duty ; or
( b ) to any bet made by means of a totalisator situated in a
country outside Great Britain on a horse race taking
place in that country ; or
394 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
PART I
Definition of
pool betting.
( c ) to any bet in respect of an event taking place outside
Great Britain made by a bookmaker in Great Britain-
( i ) by means of a totalisator situated outside
Great Britain, or
(ii ) with a bookmaker outside Great Britain,
if it is shown that bets in respect of that event have
been made in Great Britain with the first -mentioned
bookmaker by other persons.
( 4 ) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be
liable-
( a ) on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding £100
or, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or
to a penalty not exceeding £ 200 or to both, or
( b) on conviction on indictment, to a penalty not exceeding
£ 500 or, in the case of a second or subsequent convic-
tion , to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one
year or to a penalty not exceeding £750 or to both.
( 5) A person who makes or tries to make a bet, or who
gets or tries to get any advertisement or other document given or
sent to him, shall not be guilty of an offence by reason of his
thereby procuring or inciting some other person to commit, or
aiding or abetting the commission of, an offence under this
section.
(6) Subsection (3) of section 6 of this Act shall have effect
for the purposes of subsections ( 2)(a) and ( 5) above (except in
their application to coupon betting ) as it has effect for the
purposes of sections 6 to 8 of this Act.
10.-( 1) For the purposes of this Act, any bet shall be deemed
to be made by way of pool betting unless it is a bet at fixed odds,
and, in particular, bets shall be held to be made by way of
pool betting wherever a number of persons make bets-
( a ) on terms that the winnings of such of those persons as
are winners shall be, or be a share of, or be determined
by reference to, the stake money paid or agreed to be
paid by those persons, whether the bets are made by
means of a totalisator, or by filling up and returning
coupons or other printed or written forms, or otherwise
howsoever, or
( b) on terms that the winnings of such of those persons as
are winners shall be, or shall include, an amount ( not
determined by reference to the stake money paid or
agreed to be paid by those persons) which is divisible
c. 25 395
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
in any proportions among such of those persons as
are winners, or
(c ) on the basis that the winners or their winnings shall, to
any extent, be at the discretion of the promoter or some
other person.
PART I
( 2) A bet is a bet at fixed odds within the meaning of this
section only if each of the persons making it knows or can know,
at the time he makes it , the amount he will win, except in so
far as that amount is to depend on the result of the event or
events betted on, or on any such event taking place or producing
a result, or on the numbers taking part in any such event, or on
the starting prices or totalisator odds for any such event, or
on there being totalisator odds on any such event, or on the
time when his bet is received by any person with or through
whom it is made.
In this subsection-
" starting prices " means, in relation to any event, the odds
ruling at the scene of the event immediately before the
start, and
" totalisator odds " means
( a) in relation to a race which is a recognised horse
race within the meaning of the Betting, Gaming and 1963 с. 2.
Lotteries Act 1963, the odds paid on bets on that
race made by way of sponsored pool betting, and
( b) in relation to any other event, the odds paid on
bets made by means of a totalisator at the scene of
the event.
( 3) A bet made with or through a person carrying on a
business of receiving or negotiating bets, being a bet made in
the course of that business, shall be deemed not to be a bet
at fixed odds within the meaning of this section if the winnings
of the person by whom it is so made consist or may consist
wholly or in part of something other than money.
( 4 ) Where a person carries on a business of receiving or
negotiating bets and there is or has been issued in connection
with that business any advertisement or other publication calcu-
lated to encourage in persons making bets of any description with
or through him a belief that the bets are made on the basis
mentioned in subsection ( 1) (c) above, then any bets of that
description subsequently made with or through him in the course
of that business shall be deemed for the purposes of this section
to be made on that basis.
396 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
PART I
11. For the purposes of this Act, bets shall be deemed to be
Definition
made by way of coupon betting where they are made in pursuance
ofcoupon betting.
of an invitation which offers stated odds for a choice of bets,
being bets of a description not commonly made without such
an invitation, unless made by way of pool betting, and not
of a description commonly made by means of a totalisator.
Supplementary provisions.
12.-( 1) Where particulars of an intended bet on which
general betting duty or pool betting duty would be chargeable
and the stake on that bet are collected for transmission to the
person by whom that duty would fall to be paid by some other
person, whether or not a bookmaker, who holds himself out as
available for so collecting and transmitting them, but are in fact
not so transmitted, the bet shall be deemed to have been made
but the duty in respect thereof shall be paid by that other person .
( 2) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act (supplementary
provisions as to betting duties) shall have effect.
( 3) In sections 1 to 10 of this Act, except in sections 6, 7 , 8,
9(2) (a) and 9 (5) in their application to coupon betting, and in
subsection ( 1 ) above, " bet " does not include any bet made or
stake hazarded in the course of, or incidentally to, any gaming.
( 4 ) In this Part of , and in Schedule 1 to, this Act-
" meeting ” means any occasion on any one day on which
events take place on any track ;
66 on-course bet " means a bet made in the course of a
meeting, either by means of a totalisator situated on
premises forming part of the track or with a bookmaker
present at the meeting, where
(a) the person making the bet ( that is to say, the
person originating the bet and not any agent or
intermediary) is present at the meeting, or
( b) the bet is made by a person carrying on a
bookmaking business acting as principal ( and not
acting as agent for, or on behalf of, some other
person) ;
" operator " , in relation to bets made by means of a
totalisator, means the person who, as principal, operates
the totalisator ;
" promoter " , in relation to any betting, means the person
to whom the persons making the bets look for the
payment of their winnings, if any ;
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c.25
397
" winnings " includes winnings of any kind, and references
to amount and to payment in relation to winnings
shall be construed accordingly ;
and " betting office licence ", " bookmaker " , " bookmaker's
permit ", " bookmaking ", " sponsored pool betting ", " totalisa-
tor " , and " track " have the same meanings respectively as in
the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 .
PART I
1963 с. 2 .
PART II
GAMING DUTIES
Gaming licence duty
13.-(1) There shall be charged a duty of excise on a licence Gaming
(to be known as a gaming licence) authorising the use of premises licence duty.
specified in the licence for the purpose of gaming by way of
any game to which this section for the time being applies.
(2) A gaming licence shall be a licence for the period from
1st October in any year to 31st March in the following year, or
from 1st April in any year to 30th September in that year ( all
dates inclusive) .
( 3) The authority of a gaming licence shall be required for all
gaming by way of any game to which this section for the time
being applies , except gaming taking place on any premises at a
time when no licence is in force as respects those premises under
the Gaming Act 1968 . 1968 с. 65.
14.-( 1 ) The amount of the duty under section 13 of this Act Amount of
on a gaming licence in respect of any premises shall be deter- gaming
minedin accordance with the following Table and the provisions licence duty.
of Schedule 2 to this Act.
TABLE
Chargefor each
table in excess
Rateable
value charge
oftwo but not
exceeding five
Charge for
each table
in excess
of five
£ £ £
Premises of a rateable value
not exceeding £1,000 (or
without a rateable value) 750 500 750
Premises of a rateable value
exceeding £1,000 but not
exceeding £2,500... 6,250 1,500 2,000
Premises of a rateable value
exceeding £2,500... 20,000 4,000 5,000
( 2) References in the Table in subsection ( 1) above to premises
of a rateable value of a given amount are references to premises
398 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
PART II
which for rating purposes constitute or are comprised in a
hereditament of a rateable value of that amount.
( 3) For the purposes of the Table in subsection ( 1 ) above
premises consisting of or comprised in a vessel shall be treated
as premises of a rateable value exceeding £1,000 but not
exceeding £2,500.
Games to
which section
13 applies.
15.-( 1 ) Without prejudice to subsections ( 2) and ( 4 ) below,
the games to which section 13 of this Act applies are baccarat,
punto banco, big six, blackjack, boule, chemin de fer, chuck-a-
luck, craps, crown and anchor, faro, faro bank, hazard, poker
dice, pontoon, French roulette, American roulette, trente et
quarante, vingt -et-un, and wheel of fortune.
( 2) The Treasury may by order made by statutory instrument
add to the games mentioned in subsection ( 1) above any game
not for the time being mentioned therein if it appears to the
Treasury proper so to do for the protection of the revenue,
having regard to the character of the game and the circumstances
in which it is played.
( 3) A statutory instrument containing an order under subsec-
tion ( 2) above shall be laid before the House of Commons
after being made, and the order shall cease to have effect
at the end of twenty- eight days after the day on which it was
made ( but without prejudice to anything previously done under
the order or to the making of a new order ) unless at some
time before the end of those twenty-eight days the order is
approved by resolution of that House ; and, in reckoning for the
purposes of this subsection any period of twenty- eight days, no
account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is
dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are
adjourned for more than four days.
( 4) Any reference in this section or in any order under sub-
section (2) above to a particular game shall be taken to include
a reference to any game (by whatever name called) which is
essentially similar to that game; and in proceedings relating to
gaming licence duty under the excise Acts an averment in any
process that a particular game is essentially similar to another
particular game shall, until the contrary is proved, be sufficient
evidence that it is so.
Supplementary
16.-(1 ) Schedule 2 to this Act (supplementary provisions
provisions as to gaming licence duty.
as to gaming licence duty) shall have effect.
( 2) In sections 13 to 15 of, and in Schedule 2 to, this Act-
" premises " includes any place and any means of trans-
port ,
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 с. 25
399
" rateable value ", in relation to any hereditament, means
( without prejudice to paragraph 1( 1) of Schedule 2,
but subject to paragraph 18 of that Schedule) the
rateable value shown in the valuation list as for the
time being in force,
" hereditament ", in relation to Scotland, means lands and
heritages, and
" valuation list ", in relation to Scotland, means valuation
roll.
PART II
Bingo duty
17. ( 1) A duty of excise, to be known as bingo duty, shall Bingo duty.
be charged on the playing of bingo in Great Britain except
in the cases specified in Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act.
( 2 ) Bingo duty shall be charged in respect of bingo played
in a particular week ; and the amount of the duty shall be-
( a ) 2½ per cent. of the total of the money taken by or on
behalf of the promoter in that week as payment by
players for their cards, plus
( b ) ( subject to section 19(1) of this Act ) one thirty -ninth
of the amount (if any) by which that total, after
deduction of the 24 per cent. chargeable under para-
graph (a) above, is exceeded by the total value of
the prizes won in that week's bingo.
( 3) For the purposes of this section, a player's " cards "
are the sets of numbers or symbols (in whatever form or
lay - out ) with which he plays bingo, matching them against
calls made by the house ; and a player pays for a card when
he gives money in exchange for, or for the use of, a particular
card, whether it is appropriated to a particular game or can
be appropriated by the player to a game of his choice.
18.- (1 ) Bingo duty shall be paid by the promoter of the
bingo.
( 2) Bingo duty shall be recoverable jointly and severally
from all or any of the following persons-
( a ) the promoter ;
( b) any person who took money as payment by players
for cards or paid prizes to players ;
( c ) any person who was responsible for the management
of the premises on which bingo was played ;
( d ) where any person within paragraph (a), (b) or (c)
above is a company, any director of the company.
Payment and
recovery of
bingo duty.
400 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
PART II
Play in
morethan
oneplace.
19.-( 1 ) Where bingo is promoted at one place and, for the
purpose of a particular game, it is combined with bingo played
at another place and promoted by another person, so that the
players at both places share in the chance of winning a prize
contributed partly by one promoter and partly by the other,
then for the purposes of the charge to bingo duty under section
17(2) (b) of this Act-
(a) as against the promoter of the bingo at the place
where the prize is won there shall be counted so much
only of the value of the prize as represents his contri-
bution, and
( b) so much of the value of the prize as represents the
contribution of the other promoter shall be counted
as a prize won at bingo promoted by him ;
and where in the case of bingo so combined the prize is
provided wholly by or on behalf of one of the promoters
concerned, its whole value shall be counted against him under
section 17 (2) (b) , wherever it is won.
( 2) It shall not be lawful for a game of bingo, being bingo
which is chargeable with bingo duty and is promoted at a
place in Great Britain, to be combined as mentioned in sub-
section ( 1 ) above with other bingo played elsewhere than in
Great Britain, except where the other bingo is played in
Northern Ireland or the Isle of Man and is chargeable, under
an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland or, as the case
may be, Tynwald, with duty corresponding to bingo duty and
at a rate not less than that which is chargeable under section
17 of this Act.
Supplementary provisions as
20.-(1 ) The provisions of Part II of Schedule 3 to this Act
( supplementary provisions as to bingo duty ) shall have effect.
to bingo duty.
( 2) In sections 17 to 19 of , and in Schedule 3 to, this Act-
66
bingo " includes any version of that game, by whatever
name called ;
"
Great Britain " includes the territorial waters of the
United Kingdom adjacent to Great Britain ;
" money ” includes any token, voucher or other object
given by a player in exchange for cards and recognised
for the purpose of the exchange to represent a par-
ticular sum of money ;
" prize " means anything won or to be won at bingo,
whether money or something else having a value, and
" value" and " paid ", in relation to prizes, shall
be construed accordingly ;
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 с. 25
401
" the promoter ", in relation to bingo, means the person
to whom the players look for the payment of prizes,
and " promote " and " promotion " shall be construed
accordingly ; and
" week " means a period of seven days beginning with
Monday.
( 3) In proceedings relating to bingo duty under the excise
Acts an averment in any process that a particular game is a
version of bingo shall, until the contrary is proved, be sufficient
evidence that it is so.
PART II
Gaming machine licence duty
21.-( 1 ) There shall be charged a duty of excise on a licence Gaming
(to be called a gaming machine licence) authorising gaming machine
machines to be provided for gaming on premises in respect of licence duty.
which the licence is granted.
(2) Agaming machine licence shall be either-
( a) an ordinary licence, being-
( i) a whole-year licence for the period from 1st
October in any year to 30th September in the follow-
ing year, or
(ii) a half-year licence for the period from 1st
October in any year to 31st March in the following
year or from 1st April in any year to 30th September
in that year, or
( b) a holiday season licence (for penny machines only) for
the period from 1st March in any year to 31st October
in that year,
( all dates inclusive) ; and where a licence of either description
is granted so as to have effect for the remainder of a licence
period which has partly expired, the charge to duty shall be
unaffected by the circumstance that a licence of the other
description has been in force in respect of the same premises for
any part of that period.
22.- (1 ) The duty on an ordinary gaming machine licence Criteria for
shall be determined by reference- determining
duty on
( a) to whether the premises in question have, or have not, ordinary
local authority approval under the Gaming Acts, and licences.
( b) to whether the licence authorises the provision of
machines chargeable at the lower, or the higher, rate
and to the number of machines of either description
which it authorises.
402 PART II
1963 с. 2
1968 с. 65.
Amount
ofduty on
ordinary
licences.
c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
( 2 ) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, premises are to be treated
as having local authority approval under the Gaming Acts if
there is for the time being in force in respect of the premises-
( a ) a permit granted under Schedule 6 to the Betting,
Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 (permit for provision of
amusements with prizes under section 49 of that Act ),
or
(b) a permit granted under section 34 of the Gaming Act
1968 (conditions under which gaming may be carried
on by means of machines) .
( 3) Premises are also to be treated as having local authority
approval under the Gaming Acts at any time when-
( a) there is for the time being in force in respect of them
a licence under the Gaming Act 1968, and
( b) by virtue of a direction of the licensing authority under
section 32 of the Gaming Act 1968 ( approval for
provision of more than two machines) section 34 of
that Act has effect in relation to the premises.
( 4 ) Premises are not to be treated as having local authority
approval under the Gaming Acts if a club or a miners' welfare
institute within the meaning of the Gaming Act 1968 is for the
time being registered in respect of them under Part III of that
Act ( which regulates gaming by means of machines).
( 5) For the purposes of an ordinary licence-
( a) a machine is chargeable at the lower rate if it can only
be played by the insertion into the machine of a coin
or coins of a denomination, or aggregate denomination,
not exceeding 1-25p, and
( b) a machine is chargeable at the higher rate in any other
case ,
except that, where the game playable by means of a machine can
be played more than once for the insertion of a coin or coins of
a denomination, or aggregate denomination, exceeding 1-25p,
the machine is to be treated as chargeable at the lower rate if in
effect the amount payable to play the game once does not exceed
1-25p.
23.-( 1 ) The duty on an ordinary whole-year gaming machine
licence shall be in accordance with the following Tables and-
(a ) Table A shall apply where the Commissioners are
satisfied that the premises in question will, on the date
on which the licence is first in force, have local autho-
rity approval under the Gaming Acts ; and
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
403
(b) Table B shall apply in any other case.
TABLE A
Premises with local authority approval
Description
Number of
ofmachines
machines of that
authorisedby
the licence so authorised description Duty on whole-year
licence
Chargeable at the One machine
... ... £12-50.
lower rate.
Two or more machines £12.50 plus £75 per machine
in excess of one.
Chargeable at the One machine
... ...
£ 25.
higher rate.
Two or more machines £25 plus £150 per machine
in excess of one.
PART II
TABLE B
Premises without local authority approval
Description
Number of
ofmachines
machines of that
authorised by
licence
the licence so authorised description Duty on whole-year
Chargeable at the One machine
... £50.
lower rate.
Two or more machines £50 plus £150 per machine
in excess of one.
Chargeable at the One machine
higher rate.
Two or more machines ... £ 100.
£100 plus £300 per machine
in excess of one.
( 2) The duty on an ordinary half - year licence shall be eleven-
twentieths of that which it would have been if the licence were
an ordinary whole- year, but otherwise identical, licence.
24. Aholiday season licence shall be granted only for premises Holiday
as to which the Commissioners are satisfied that they will, on season
the date on which the licence is first in force, have local authority licences.
approval under the Gaming Acts by virtue of section 22(2) of
this Act; and-
( a ) the licence shall be one which authorises the provision
only of penny machines up to a number specified in
the licence ; and
( b ) the duty on the licence shall be £15 multiplied by that
number.
404 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
PART II
Restrictions
on provision
of gaming
machines.
Meaning of
“
gaming
machine ".
25.-( 1 ) Except in the cases specified in Part I of Schedule 4
to this Act, no gaming machine shall be provided for gaming
on any premises situated in Great Britain unless there is a
gaming machine licence for the time being in force in respect of
the premises.
( 2) No more than one gaming machine licence shall be in
force at any time as respects the gaming machines on any
premises, except that there may be one ordinary licence as
respects the gaming machines chargeable at the lower rate, and
one ordinary licence as respects the gaming machines charge-
able at the higher rate.
(3) At any time when there is in force in respect of any
such premises an ordinary licence which authorises the provision
both of gaming machines chargeable at the lower rate and of
gaming machines chargeable at the higher rate, gaming machines
chargeable at either rate shall not be provided for gaming on
those premises in excess of the number authorised by the licence
for machines chargeable at that rate .
( 4) At any time when there is in force in respect of any
such premises an ordinary licence which authorises the pro-
vision of gaming machines chargeable at one only of the two
rates-
( a) gaming machines chargeable at that rate shall not be
provided for gaming on those premises in excess of
the number authorised by that licence, and
( b) gaming machines chargeable at the other rate shall
not be provided for gaming on those premises unless
there is in force in respect of the premises a second
ordinary licence authorising the provision of gaming
machines chargeable at that other rate.
(5) At any time when a holiday season licence is in force
in respect of any such premises, gaming machines shall not
be provided for gaming on those premises except penny machines
up to the number specified in the licence.
26.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (3) below, a machine is a
gaming machine for the purposes of this Act if it is of the
following description-
(a ) it is constructed or adapted for playing a game of
chance by means of it ;
(b) a player pays to play the machine (except where he has
an opportunity to play payment-free as the result of
having previously played successfully ), either by
inserting a coin or token into the machine or in some
other way ; and
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
405
( c ) the outcome of the game is determined by the chances
inherent in the action of the machine, whether or not
provision is made for manipulation of the machine by
aplayer.
( 2) In subsection ( 1 ) above, " game of chance " includes a
game of chance and skill combined and a pretended game of
chance or of chance and skill combined ; and the fact that a
game contains an element of skill shall not prevent it being
treated as a game of chance if nothing but superlative skill
can overcome the element of chance.
(3) A machine shall not be treated as a gaming machine for
the purposes of this Act if either-
( a ) it is constructed or adapted so that a person playing it
once and successfully receives nothing except an oppor-
tunity, afforded by the automatic action of the machine,
to play again (once or more often) without paying, or
( b) it is constructed or adapted so that, where a person
plays it once and successfully, that which he receives
is determined by the automatic action of the machine
and is either-
(i) a money prize not greater than the amount
payable to play the machine once, or
(ii) a token which is, or two or more tokens which
in the aggregate are, exchangeable only for such a
money prize.
( 4) For the purposes of determining whether a machine is
a gaming machine, it is immaterial whether it is capable of being
played by only one person at a time, or is capable of being
played by more than one person ; but for the purposes of
sections 21 to 25 of this Act a machine which two or more
persons can play simultaneously ( whether or not participating
with one another in the same game) shall, instead of being
treated as one machine,—
( a ) in the case of a penny machine, be treated for the
purposes of a holiday season licence as a number of
penny machines equal to the number of persons who
can play the machine simultaneously ;
(b) in the case of a penny machine or any other machine
which no player can play except by the insertion into
the machine of a coin or coins of a denomination, or
aggregate denomination, not exceeding 1-25p, be
treated for the purposes of an ordinary licence as a
number of machines, all chargeable at the lower rate,
equal to the number of persons who can play the
machine simultaneously ; and
PART II
406 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
PART II ( c ) in a case not falling within paragraph ( b) above, be
treated for the purposes of an ordinary licence as a
number of machines, all chargeable at the higher rate,
equal to that number of persons ;
and the number of persons who can play a particular machine
simultaneously shall be determined by reference to the number
of individual playing positions provided on the machine.
Supplementary 27.-(1) The provisions of Part II of Schedule 4 to this Act
provisions as to gaming machine
( supplementary provisions as to gaming machine licence duty)
shall have effect.
licence duty.
( 2) In sections 21 to 26 of, and in Schedule 4 to, this Act-
" coin " means coin lawfully current in the United
Kingdom ;
"Great Britain " includes the territorial waters of the
United Kingdom adjacent to Great Britain :
" penny machine " means a gaming machine which, in order
to be played once, requires the insertion of-
( a) a single new penny, or
( b) a single new halfpenny, or
(c ) a single penny,
and which cannot be played in any other way ; and
" premises " includes any place whatsoever and any means
of transport.
( 3) A machine is provided for gaming on any premises if it is
made available on those premises in such a way that persons
resorting to them can play it ; and where on any premises one
or more gaming machines are so made available, any such
machine anywhere on the premises shall be treated as provided
for gaming on those premises, notwithstanding that it is not so
made available or is not in a state in which it can be played
Interpretation.
1968 с. 65.
PART III
GENERAL
“
28.-(1) In this Act the Commissioners " means the
Commissioners of Customs and Excise.
( 2 ) In this Act (except where it refers to a machine provided
for gaming) " gaming " has the same meaning as in the Gaming
Act 1968 .
( 3) Except where the context otherwise requires, a reference
in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference
to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment.
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
407
( 4 ) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the
PART III
imposition by this Act of general betting duty, pool betting
duty, bingo duty or the duty on gaming machine licences does
not make lawful anything which is unlawful apart from this Act.
29.-( 1 ) Schedule 5 ( consequential amendments) and Schedule Repeals and
6 (transitional provisions) to this Act shall have effect , but the transitional
provisions of those Schedules shall not be taken as prejudicing provisions.
the operation of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 ( which 1889 c. 63 .
relates to the effect of repeals) .
( 2) The enactments specified in Schedule 7 to this Act are
hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of
that Schedule.
30.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Betting and Gaming Short title,
Duties Act 1972. construction,
commence-
( 2 ) This Act shall be construed as one with the Customs and ment and
Excise Act 1952.
extent.
1952 с. 44.
( 3) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of the
period of one month beginning with the date on which it is
passed .
( 4 ) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
408 Section 12.
1891 с. 38.
1913 с. 27.
c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS AS TO BETTING DUTIES
Definitions
1. In this Schedule-
" general betting business " means a business the carrying on of
which involves or may involve any sums becoming payable
by the person carrying on the business by way of general
betting duty ;
" general betting operations " means betting operations which
do not involve liability to pool betting duty ;
" pool betting business " means a business the carrying on of
which involves or may involve any sums becoming payable
by the person carrying on the business by way of pool
betting duty.
General Administration
2.- ( 1 ) General betting duty shall be under the care and manage-
ment of the Commissioners and shall be accounted for by such
persons, and accounted for and paid at such times and in such
manner, as may be required by or under regulations of the Com-
missioners.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to any other provision of this Schedule, the
Commissioners may make regulations providing for any matter
for which provision appears to them to be necessary for the admini-
stration or enforcement of general betting duty or for the protection
of the revenue from general betting duty.
( 3) Regulations under this paragraph may in particular-
(a ) provide for payments on account of the duty which may
become chargeable to be made in advance by means of
stamps or otherwise, and for that purpose apply, with any
necessary adaptations, any of the provisions of the Stamp
Duties Management Act 1891 (including the penal pro-
visions repealed save as to Scotland by the Forgery Act
1913) ;
(b ) provide for such payments to be made through the persons
providing, at the place where any event is or is to be held,
facilities for persons engaging or proposing to engage at
that place in an activity by reason of which they are or
may be or become liable for duty ;
(c) require persons providing such facilities as aforesaid at any
place to perform other functions in connection with the
payment of or accounting for duty by persons engaging or
proposing to engage as aforesaid at that place, including
the refusal to any of the last-mentioned persons of access
to that place unless the requirements of any regulations
made by virtue of paragraph (a ) or (b ) above have been
complied with ;
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
409
( d ) otherwise provide for the giving of security by means of a
deposit or otherwise for duty due or to become due.
( 4 ) Regulations under this paragraph may also in particular
include provision-
( a ) for the furnishing to such persons or displaying in such
manner of such information or records as the regulations
may require by persons engaging or proposing to engage
in any activity by reason of which they are or may be or
become liable for duty, and by persons providing facilities
for another to engage in such an activity or entering into
any transaction with another in the course of any such
activity of his ;
( b ) for the keeping, preservation and production of accounts ,
records or other documents by persons engaging in any
such activity ;
( c ) for the inspection of the accounts, records and other docu-
ments of persons engaging or suspected of engaging in any
such activity, and of premises or equipment used or sus-
pected of being used by such persons for or in connection
with any such activity and of any other premises where
any such activity is carried on.
(5) Any regulations under this paragraph shall be made by statutory
instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of the House of Commons.
3. Pool betting duty shall be under the care and management
of the Commissioners, and shall be paid at such times by the persons
by whom it is payable as the Commissioners may direct.
Notification to Commissioners as to carrying on of betting
business
4.- (1) Any person who intends to carry on a general betting
business which is not also a pool betting business shall, not less than
one week before he begins to carry on the business, notify the Com-
missioners that he intends to carry it on.
( 2 ) Subject to sub-paragraphs ( 3) and ( 4 ) below, any person who
intends to carry on a general betting business or a pool betting
business shall, not later than the date when he first uses any premises
or totalisator for the purposes of the business, make entry of those
premises or that totalisator with the Commissioners.
( 3) A person shall not be required by sub-paragraph (2) above
to make entry of premises used for the purposes of the business in
connection only with general betting operations ; but he shall, not
later than the date when he first uses any premises for the purposes
of the business in connection with general betting operations, notify
the Commissioners of those premises being so used ( whether or not
he is also required by sub-paragraph (2) above to make entry of
them ).
( 4 ) Where a bookmaker carries on a business which involves or
may involve any sums becoming payable by him by way of pool
betting duty in respect of bets made by way of coupon betting, he
SCH. 1
410 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 1 shall not be required by sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above to make entry
of premises used for the purposes of the business in connection
only with coupon betting operations ; but he shall, not later than
the date when he first uses any premises for the purposes of the busi-
ness in connection with such operations, notify the Commissioners
of those premises being so used ( whether or not he is also required
by sub-paragraph (2 ) above to make entry of them).
( 5 ) Any bookmaker carrying on a business of the kind mentioned
in sub-paragraph ( 4 ) above shall notify the Commissioners of the
name of any person acting as his agent for receiving or negotiating
bets made by way of coupon betting or otherwise conducting coupon
betting operations, and the address of any such person (including
any address at which he so acts ) .
Requirement of permit for carrying on pool betting business
5.- (1 ) No person shall carry on a pool betting business unless he
holds a permit authorising him to carry on that business granted by
the Commissioners in respect of any premises or totalisator in
respect of which he has made entry or given notice in accordance
with paragraph 4( 2) or ( 4) of this Schedule.
( 2 ) A permit under this paragraph shall be granted by the Com-
missioners within fourteen days of the date when application is made
therefor, and shall continue in force unless and until revoked under
paragraph 12(3) of this Schedule, except that-
( a ) the Commissioners may refuse to grant such a permit to
any person or in respect of any premises or totalisator if
within the twelve months immediately preceding the applica-
tion therefor a previous permit under this paragraph granted
to that person or in respect of those premises or that
totalisator has been revoked under the said paragraph 12(3),
and
(b ) the Commissioners may at any time revoke such a permit
by notice in writing to the holder if it appears to them that
the holder is not carrying on a business for which such a
permit is required or is not using the premises or totalisator
in respect of which the permit was granted for the purposes
of such a business .
Books, records, accounts, etc.
6.- (1) Any person for the time being carrying on a general
betting business or a pool betting business shall-
( a ) keep in relation to the business such books, records and
accounts in such form as the Commissioners may direct,
(b) for at least six months or such shorter or longer period as
the Commissioners may direct, preserve, on premises speci-
fied in sub-paragraph (2 ) below, any books, records and
accounts directed to be kept by him under paragraph (a )
above and any other books, records, accounts or documents
relating to the business,
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
411
( c ) permit any officer authorised in that behalf by the Commis-
sioners to enter on any premises used for the purposes of
the business, and, where the business is a general betting
business, to remain on the premises at any time while they
are being used, or when the officer has reasonable cause
to believe that they are likely to be used , for the conduct
of betting operations, and
( d ) permit any officer so authorised to inspect any totalisator
used for the purposes of the business, and to inspect and
take copies of any books, records, accounts or other docu-
ments in his possession or power or on any premises used
for the purposes of the business, being books, records,
accounts or documents which relate or appear to relate to
the business.
SCH. 1
( 2 ) The premises on which a person is to preserve any books,
records, accounts or other documents under sub-paragraph ( 1)(b)
above are-
( a ) in the case of books, records, accounts and other documents
relating to general betting operations, such of the premises
used for the purposes of the business as the Commissioners
may direct ;
( b ) in the case of books, records, accounts and other documents
relating to coupon betting operations, premises about which
the Commissioners have been notified in accordance with
paragraph 4( 4) of this Schedule ; and
( c ) in any other case, premises of which entry has been made
in accordance with paragraph 4( 2) of this Schedule.
( 3) The power of the Commissioners under sub-paragraph ( 1)( b)
above to give directions as to the period for which a person is to
preserve any books, records, accounts or documents relating to the
business carried onby him shall be exercisable either in any particular
case or in relation to any particular class of such books, records ,
accounts or documents.
7. Any person for the time being carrying on a general betting
business or a pool betting business, and any other person employed
in, or having functions in connection with, any such business (includ-
ing in particular the accountant referred to in Schedule 5 to the
Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963), shall, if required so to 1963 с. 2.
do by the Commissioners or any officer authorised in that behalf
by the Commissioners, -
(a ) produce, at a time and place to be specified by the Com-
missioners or the officer, any such books, records, accounts
or documents relating to the business,
( b ) make, at times and to persons to be so specified, such
returns relating to the business, and
( c ) give such other information relating to the business,
as the Commissioners or the officer may require.
8. Paragraphs 6 and 7 of this Schedule shall apply to any agent
of a bookmaker, being an agent whose name is required under
412 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 1 paragraph 4(5) of this Schedule to be notified to the Commissioners,
as they apply to the bookmaker, except that in relation to any such
agent-
( a ) the place at which he is required to preserve books, records,
accounts and other documents shall be an address notified
under paragraph 4( 5) as an address at which he acts, and
(b) any reference to the business of the bookmaker shall include
any of the agent's activities in connection with the business.
9.- (1 ) The provisions of this paragraph shall apply to a book-
maker at any time when any person is for the time being, or has
at any time during the immediately preceding two months been,
authorised by that bookmaker to act as his agent for receiving or
negotiating bets or otherwise conducting betting operations, other
than such bets or operations as involve liability only to pool betting
duty .
(2) The bookmaker shall maintain at any of his premises to which
bets received by any such person as aforesaid as the bookmaker's
agent are or were transmitted, or , if in the case of any such premises
the Commissioners think fit, at such other place as the Commis-
sioners may allow, a record in such form and containing such
particulars as the Commissioners may direct in respect of any such
person who is for the time being, and any such person who has
at any time during the said two months been but is no longer,
authorised as aforesaid, being in either case a person by or on whose
behalf bets received as aforesaid are or were transmitted to those
premises .
( 3) A bookmaker shall not be guilty of contravening or failing
to comply with the provisions of sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above by reason
of a failure to make an entry or alteration in the record if that
entry or alteration is made before six o'clock in the evening of the
day after that on which the happening which necessitated the entry
or alteration took place.
Powers to enter premises and obtain information
10.- (1) Where in the case of any track or other premises an
officer has reason to believe that bookmaking on events taking
place thereon is being or is to be carried on, or that facilities
for sponsored pool betting on those events are being or are to be
provided, or that a totalisator is being or is to be operated in
connection with those events, at a place on those premises or on
any ground or premises adjacent thereto, he shall be entitled for
the purpose of exercising the powers conferred by this paragraph
to be admitted without payment to that place, and he may require-
( a ) any person who appears to him to be or intend carrying
on bookmaking, providing such facilities or operating a
totalisator there to give such information as he may demand,
and to produce to him any accounts , records, or other
documents which appear to him to be connected with
the business of bookmaking or with the provision of those
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
413
facilities or the operation of that totalisator or which it
appears to him will establish the identity of that person ;
and
( b) any person who appears to him to have made a bet there
with any bookmaker, or through the persons providing any
such facilities, or by means of a totalisator, to give such
information with respect to the bet as he may demand
and to produce to him any document in connection with
the bet supplied to that person by the bookmaker, the
persons providing those facilities, or the operator of that
totalisator, as the case may be,
and any such person as aforesaid shall comply with any such
requirement.
( 2 ) Where an officer-
( a ) has reason to believe that any person who is not a book-
maker is holding himself out as mentioned in section 12( 1)
of this Act at any place, and
( b) has reason to suspect that person to have become liable
by virtue of section 12(1) to pay an amount by way of
general betting duty or pool betting duty,
the officer shall have the like powers with respect to that place
as if the person so holding himself out were a bookmaker and that
place were such a place as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (1 ) above.
( 3) In this paragraph, " bet " does not include any bet made or
stake hazarded in the course of , or incidentally to, any gaming.
Power of Commissioners to estimate general betting duty payable
11. Where an amount is due on account of general betting duty
from any person, but by reason of his failure to keep or to produce
or furnish to the proper officer the accounts , records or other
documents required under or by virtue of this Schedule, or to take
or permit to be taken any other step which he is so required to
take or permit to be taken, or by reason of the accounts, records,
or other documents kept, produced or furnished being materially
incomplete or inaccurate, the Commissioners are unable to ascertain
the amount of duty properly due from him, the Commissioners may
estimate the amount due ; and (without prejudice to the recovery
of the full amount due or to the making of a further estimate in
that behalf ) the amount estimated shall be recoverable as duty
properly due unless in any action relating thereto the person liable
proves the amount properly due, and that amount is less than the
amount estimated.
Disputes as to computation of pool betting duty
12 .- (1) If there arises between the Commissioners and a person
carrying on a pool betting business any dispute as to the basis on
which the pool betting duty payable by that person should be
computed in connection with betting in accordance with any particular
terms-
( a ) the Commissioners shall by notice in writing to that person
specify what in their opinion that basis should be, and
SCH. 1
414 c.25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH . 1 ( b ) in connection with betting in accordance with those terms
the amount from time to time computed in accordance
with that basis shall be recoverable as the duty properly due.
( 2 ) If a person notified under sub-paragraph (1) above disputes the
correctness of the basis specified by the notice-
( a ) he may at any time within three months of the date of the
notice, and subject to his having paid and continuing to
pay the full amount which, in accordance with that basis,
is due from him by way of duty , apply to the High Court
or, in Scotland , to the Court of Session for a declaration
as to the basis on which duty should be computed in con-
nection with betting in accordance with the terms in ques-
tion ; and
( b ) if on any such application the Court makes a declaration
specifying a different basis from that specified in the
notice, the notice shall be amended accordingly and any
amount by which duty is found to have been overpaid
shall be repaid by the Commissioners together with interest
thereon from the date of the overpayment at such rate as
the Court may determine or, as the case may be, any
amount by which duty is found to have been underpaid
shall be recoverable as duty properly due.
( 3) If, after a notice under sub-paragraph (1) above has been
given to any person in respect of betting in accordance with
particular terms, any amount determined in accordance with the
basis specified in that notice which has become due from that
person by way of pool betting duty in respect of such betting is
not paid in accordance with paragraph 3 of this Schedule, the
Commissioners may by notice in writing to that person revoke
his permit under paragraph 5 of this Schedule.
Recovery of duty
13.- (1) If a person, on written demand by the proper officer,
refuses or neglects to pay any amount recoverable from him by
way of general betting duty or by virtue of section 12(1) of this
Act, the amount recoverable may be levied by distress on his goods
and chattels, and the proper officer may for that purpose by warrant
signed by him authorise any person to distrain accordingly and to
sell anything so distrained by public auction after giving six days'
notice of the sale.
( 2 ) The proceeds of sale of anything distrained under this para-
graph shall be applied in or towards payment of the costs and
expenses of the distress and sale and the payment of the amount
recoverable, and the surplus, if any, shall be paid to the person on
whom the distress was levied.
( 3) Where under this paragraph distress is levied for any duty in
accordance with an estimate made under paragraph 11 of this
Schedule, and it is afterwards proved that the amount properly due
was less than the amount estimated, that shall not affect the legality
of the distress or anything done under this paragraph in connection
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 с. 25
415
therewith, but the proceeds of sale shall be applied under sub-
paragraph (2) above in accordance with the amount properly due
and not in accordance with the amount estimated.
( 4 ) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland, any reference
to distress shall be construed as a reference to diligence, any
reference to distraining or to the levying of distress shall be construed
as a reference to the doing of diligence, and the expression " chattels "
means corporeal moveables.
SCH. 1
14.- (1) There shall be included among the debts which-
(a) under section 33 of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 are to be paid 1914 с. 59.
in priority to all other debts in the distribution of the
property of a bankrupt or deceased debtor, or
( b ) under section 118 of the Bankruptcy (Scotland ) Act 1913 1913 c. 20.
are to be paid in priority to all other debts in the division
of a bankrupt's estate, or
( c ) under section 319 of the Companies Act 1948 are to be 1948 c. 38.
paid in priority to all other debts in the winding up of a
company, or under section 94 of that Act are on an
appointment of a receiver on behalf of debenture holders
or taking of possession by or on behalf of debenture holders
to be paid in priority to any claim for principal or interest
in respect of the debentures,
any amount which is due by way of general betting duty or by
virtue of section 12(1) of this Act from the bankrupt, deceased
debtor or company at the relevant date and which became due
within twelve months next before that date.
( 2 ) In sub-paragraph (1) above, the expression " the relevant
date" -
( a ) in relation to section 33 of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 means
the date of the receiving order or of the death, as the
case may be ;
( b ) in relation to section 118 of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act
1913 means the date mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) of that
section ;
( c ) in relation to section 319 of the Companies Act 1948 has the
meaning assigned to it by that section, and in relation to
section 94 of that Act means the date of the appointment
of the receiver or taking of possession.
Enforcement
15.- (1 ) If any person-
( a ) fails to pay any general betting duty or pool betting duty
payable by him, or
( b ) contravenes or fails to comply with any of the provisions of,
or of any regulations made under, paragraphs 2, 4, 6, 7,
8, 9 or 10 of this Schedule, or
416 с. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 1 (c ) obstructs any officer in the exercise of his functions in
relation to general betting duty or pool betting duty, or
( d ) in connection with general betting duty or pool betting duty,
makes any statement which he knows to be false in a
material particular or recklessly makes any statement which
is false in a material particular or, with intent to deceive,
produces or makes use of any book, account, record, return
or other document which is false in a material particular,
or
( e ) is knowingly concerned in, or in the taking of steps with a
view to, the fraudulent evasion by him or any other person
of general betting duty or pool betting duty,
he shall be liable to a penalty of £ 200 or treble the amount of
the duty which is unpaid or payment of which is sought to be avoided.
as the case may be, whichever is the greater ; and where a person
is convicted of an offence under paragraph (d ) or (e) above, the court
may, in lieu of or in addition to ordering him to pay the said
penalty, order him to be imprisoned for a term not exceeding two
years.
(2) Where a person is convicted under sub-paragraph ( 1)(b) above
in respect of a failure to comply with any of the provisions there
referred to and the failure continues after the conviction, then, unless
he has a reasonable excuse for the continuance of the failure, he
shall be guilty of a further offence under that sub- paragraph and
may, on conviction, be punished accordingly.
16.- (1) If any person carries on any business in contravention
of paragraph 5(1) of this Schedule he shall be liable to a penalty
of £500, and if any person so carries on any business after receiving
notice under paragraph 12( 3) of this Schedule of the revocation of
a permit previously granted to him he shall be liable to an additional
enalty of £25 for each day after the date of that notice on which
he has so carried on his business ; and where a person is convicted
of an offence under this sub- paragraph the court may, in lieu of or
in addition to ordering him to pay any such penalty, order him to
be imprisoned for a term not exceeding two years .
( 2 ) Where a person is convicted of an offence under sub-paragraph
( 1 ) above and the offence continues after the conviction, he shall be
guilty of a further offence under that sub-paragraph and may, on
conviction, be punished accordingly.
( 3 ) If at any time the holder of a permit under paragraph 5
of this Schedule fails to produce his permit for examination within
such period, and at such time and place, as may be reasonably
required by an officer, he shall be liable to a penalty of £20 .
17. Where an offence under paragraph 15(1) or paragraph 16(1)
of this Schedule has been committed by a body corporate, every
person who at the time of the commission of the offence was a
director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the
body corporate, or was purporting to act in any such capacity, shall
be deemed to be guilty of that offence unless he proves that the
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
417
offence was committed without his consent or connivance and that
SCH. 1
he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the
offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the nature
of his functions in that capacity and in all the circumstances.
18.- ( 1 ) Where, on the conviction of any person of an offence
under paragraph 15(1) of this Schedule in connection with general
betting duty ( not being an offence consisting in contravening or
failing to comply with any of the provisions of paragraphs 4, 6, 7,
8 or 9 of this Schedule ), the Commissioners-
( a ) certify to the court by or before whom that person is so
convicted that the conviction is a second or subsequent
conviction for such an offence committed ( whether by that
or some other person ) in the course of the operation of
the same premises as a betting office and while the same
person has been the holder of a betting office licence in
respect thereof, and
( b) make application to that court for effect to be given to this
sub-paragraph,
that court shall order that the betting office licence in respect of
those premises shall be forfeited and cancelled.
( 2 ) A licence shall not be forfeited or cancelled under such an
order made by a court in England or Wales-
( a ) until the date of expiration of the period within which notice
of appeal against the conviction which gave rise to the
order may be given, or
( b) if notice of appeal against that conviction is duly given
within the period aforesaid, until the date of the determina-
tion or abandonment of the appeal, or
(c ) if on any such appeal the appeal is allowed.
( 3) A licence shall not be forfeited or cancelled under such an
order made by a court in Scotland-
( a ) until the expiration of the period of fourteen days com-
mencing with the date on which the order was made, or
(b ) if an appeal against the conviction which gave rise to the
order is begun within the said period, until the date when
that appeal is determined or abandoned or deemed to have
been abandoned, or
(c ) if on any such appeal the appeal is allowed.
( 4 ) Where a betting office licence held by any person in respect
of any premises is forfeited and cancelled in pursuance of an
order under sub-paragraph ( 1) above, the clerk of the court by
whom the order was made shall, unless he is also clerk to the
appropriate authority within the meaning of Schedule 1 to the
Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 who last either granted 1963 c. 2.
or renewed the licence, send a copy of the order to the clerk to
that authority ; and, without prejudice to the renewal by that
authority of any other betting office licence held by that person,
that authority shall, notwithstanding anything in paragraph 20 ( 1)
of the said Schedule 1 , refuse any application by that person for
0
418 SCH . 1 Section16.
c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
the grant of a new betting office licence in respect of those or any
other premises made less than twelve months after that forfeiture and
cancellation.
19. (1 ) If a justice of the peace or, in Scotland , the sheriff
or a magistrate is satisfied on information on oath that there is
reasonable ground for suspecting that an offence in connection with
general betting duty is being, has been, or is about to be com-
mitted on any premises, he may issue a warrant in writing autho-
rising any officer to enter those premises (if necessary by force)
at any time within fourteen days from the time of the issue of the
warrant and search them.
( 2 ) An officer who enters premises under the authority of such
a warrant may-
( a ) seize and remove any records, accounts or other documents,
money or valuable thing, instrument or other thing whatso-
ever found on the premises which he has reasonable cause
to believe may be required as evidence for the purposes of
proceedings in respect of such an offence, and
(b ) search any person found on the premises whom he has
reasonable cause to believe to be carrying on bookmaking
on the premises.
20. Where an officer takes any action in pursuance of instructions
of the Commissioners or a Collector of Customs and Excise given
in connection with the enforcement of the enactments relating to
general betting duty and, apart from the provisions of this paragraph,
the officer would in taking that action be committing an offence
under the enactments relating to betting or gaming, he shall not
be guilty of that offence.
SCHEDULE 2
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS AS TO GAMING LICENCE DUTY
Rateable value
1.- (1 ) The Commissioners may by regulations provide for the
adjustment ( by way of repayment or of a further charge of duty ) of
the duty charged on agaming licence in any case where-
( a ) there is an alteration of the valuation list affecting the
hereditament consisting of or comprising the premises in
respect of which the licence is granted , and
( b ) that alteration comes into effect as respects the whole
ofthe period of validity of the licence.
( 2 ) Where a hereditament ceases to be one without a rateable
value, regulations under this paragraph may require the appropriate
adjustment by way of any further charge of duty notwithstanding
that the alteration of the valuation list assigning a rateable value
to the hereditament comes into effect as respects part only of the
period of the validity of the licence, and the regulations may require
the further charge of duty to be paid as if the alteration had come
into effect as respects the whole of the period of validity of the
licence.
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
419
Gaming tables
2.- (1 ) For the purpose of determining, under section 14 of this
Act, the appropriate licence in respect of any premises, account shall
be taken not only of all gaming tables in use when any game to
which section 13 of this Act applies is played, but also-
(a ) of all other gaming tables on the premises, whether or not
available for use, or prepared for use, and whether for
the game played, or for any other game to which section 13
applies, and
( b ) of any other tables or other equipment on the premises
which can readily be converted into gaming tables.
( 2) For the said purposes " table " includes any surface provided
or used for playing any game to which section 13 of this Act applies,
or for hazarding any money or token in connection with any such
game.
( 3) In arriving at the number of tables on any premises, any
table exceeding the prescribed size shall count as two tables, or
such greater number of tables as may be prescribed.
( 4 ) In this paragraph " prescribed " means prescribed by regula-
tions made by the Commissioners and-
( a ) the regulations prescribing the size of a table may take
account not only of its area but also of any other measure-
ments or characteristics,
( b ) the regulations may make different provision in relation to
different games, or in any other different circumstances.
Application for and duration of licence
3.(1) An application for a gaming licence shall be made to the
Commissioners not later than fourteen days before the date on
which the licence is to be in force.
( 2) A gaming licence shall be expressed to take effect on the
first day of the period for which it is granted or the first day after
the date of the application, whichever is the later.
( 3) A gaming licence shall expire at the end of 31st March or,
as the case may be, 30th September next after the date on which it
is expressed to take effect.
Transfer and amendment of licence
4.- (1) The proper officer may, in such manner as the Commis-
sioners may direct, and without any additional payment, transfer a
gaming licence in respect of any premises to a successor in title to
the interest in those premises of the person to whom the licence was
granted .
( 2) Where the holder of a gaming licence in respect of any premises
dies , the proper officer may transfer the licence, in such manner as
the Commissioners may direct, and without any additional payment,
to some other person for the remainder of the period for which the
licence was granted.
5.- (1 ) This paragraph has effect as respects the amendment of
a gaming licence converting it into one in respect of which a greater
amount of duty is payable.
02
SCH. 2
420 1952с. 44 .
c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 2
(2 ) The holder of the gaming licence may at any time apply to the
Commissioners for the licence to be so amended , and the proper
officer shall, on payment of the additional duty specified below,
amend the licence accordingly.
( 3) The amount of the additional duty shall be the difference be-
tween the amount of duty payable on the licence as amended, and the
amount payable on the licence before amendment.
( 4) Regulations under this Schedule may make provision with re-
spect to the procedure for amending licences under this paragraph,
and any such regulations may include provision-
( a ) as to the method of amendment (that is to say, whether it is
to be effected by endorsement of the licence, or by the issue
of an amended licence, or otherwise), and
(b) as to the time at which a licence is to have effect as amended.
Surrender of licence
6. If while a gaming licence is in force in respect of any premises,
and not less than three months before the date when the licence is
due to expire, the holder of the licence surrenders the licence to
the proper officer and satisfies the proper officer that those premises
will not be used on or after the date of surrender of the licence for
the purpose of gaming by way of any game to which section 13 of this
Act for the time being applies, he shall be entitled in respect of the
period of validity of the licence unexpired at the date of surrender
to repayment of one-half of the duty paid on the licence.
Payment of duty by cheque
7. Section 234 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (which relates
to payment for excise licences by cheque) shall apply to the duty on a
gaming licence as if for the reference to a penalty of £50 there were
substituted a reference to a penalty of £ 500.
Regulations
8.- (1) Without prejudice to any other provision of this Schedule,
the Commissioners may make regulations providing for any matter
for which provision appears to them to be necessary for the admini-
stration or enforcement of the duty on gaming licences, or for the
protection of the revenue from that duty.
( 2) Regulations under this paragraph may in particular include
provision-
(a ) for the furnishing to such persons or displaying in such
manner of such information or records as the regulations
may require by persons engaging or proposing to engage in
any activity by reason of which they are or may be or
become liable for duty, and by persons providing facilities
for another to engage in such an activity or entering into
any transaction with another in the course of any such
activity of his ;
( b) for the keeping, preservation and production of accounts,
records or other documents by persons engaging in any
such activity ;
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
421
( c ) for the inspection of the accounts, records and other docu-
ments of persons engaging or suspected of engaging in any
such activity, and of premises or equipment used or
suspected of being used by such persons for or in connection
with any such activity and of any other premises where any
such activity is carried on ;
( d ) for requiring the licence to be displayed on the premises, and
the production of the licence for inspection by the proper
officer ;
( e ) for requiring gaming tables to be labelled or marked in the
prescribed manner.
( 3) Regulations under this Schedule shall be made by statutory
instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of the House of Commons.
SCH. 2
Inspection of premises
9.- (1) Any officer may (without payment ) enter any premises
in respect of which a licence under the Gaming Act 1968 is for the 1968 с. 65.
time being in force and inspect those premises and require any
person who is concerned in the management of the premises, or who
is on the premises and appears to the officer to have any responsi-
bility whatsoever in respect of their management or of the control
of the admission of persons thereto-
( a ) to produce or secure the production of any gaming licence
for the time being in force in respect of the premises, or
( b) to provide information with respect to any gaming which is
being, or has been, carried on on the premises, and as to
any gaming tables or other equipment on the premises
which is or can be used for gaming.
(2) If the premises in respect of which the licence under the Gaming
Act 1968 is for the time being in force form, for rating purposes,
part only of a hereditament, the powers conferred by this paragraph
shall be exercisable as respects each part of the hereditament.
Recovery of Duty
10.- (1 ) If a person, on written demand by the proper officer ,
refuses or neglects to pay any amount recoverable from him by
virtue of paragraph 1 or 12(2) (b) of this Schedule, the amount
recoverable may be levied by distress on his goods and chattels,
and the proper officer may for that purpose by warrant signed by
him authorise any person to distrain accordingly and to sell anything
so distrained by public auction after giving six days' notice of the
sale.
( 2 ) Where an amount recoverable as mentioned in sub-paragraph
(1) above is determined by reference to the duty on a gaming
licence in respect of premises on which gaming is carried on as an
activity of a club, the goods and chattels on which distress may be
levied under that sub- paragraph shall include any goods and chattels
used for the purposes of the club and found on those premises ;
but distress shall not be levied on any goods or chattels by virtue
03
422 c.25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 2
1968 с. 65.
of this sub- paragraph unless a copy of the demand for the amount
recoverable has been served on the secretary of the club ( or person
performing the functions of secretary ) by leaving it or sending it by
post addressed to him at an address to which communications about
the affairs of the club are ordinarily sent.
( 3) The proceeds of sale of anything distrained under this para-
graph shall be applied in or towards payment of the costs and
expenses of the distress and sale and the payment of the amount
recoverable, and the surplus, if any, shall be paid, where distress
was levied on any goods or chattels by virtue of sub-paragraph ( 2 )
above to the secretary ( or person performing the functions of secre
tary ) of the club, and in any other case to the person on whom the
distress was levied .
( 4 ) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland any reference
to distress shall be construed as a reference to diligence, any reference
to distraining or to the levying of distress shall be construed as a
reference to the doing of diligence, and the expression " chattels "
means corporeal movables .
11. Paragraph 14 of Schedule 1 to this Act ( priority of debts in
bankruptcy etc.) shall have effect in relation to any amount which is
due by virtue of paragraph 1 or 12 (2)(b) of this Schedule as it has
effect in relation to any amount which is due by way of general
bettingduty .
Enforcement
12.- ( 1 ) There is a contravention of subsection ( 3) of section 13
of this Act if on any occasion gaming takes place on any premises
by way of any game to which that section for the time being applies
unless-
( a ) no licence is for the time being in force as respects those
premises under the Gaming Act 1968, or
( b ) a provider of those premises is the holder of a gaming
licence which is for the time being in force, and which is
the appropriate licence having regard to-
(i ) the rateable value of the hereditament consisting
of or comprising the premises, and
(ii ) the number of gaming tables.
( 2 ) If there is a contravention of section 13( 3) of this Act-
( a ) any provider of the premises and any person concerned in
the organisation or management of the gaming shall each
be liable-
(i) on summary conviction to a penalty of treble the
amount of the duty on the appropriate gaming licence, or
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months,
or to both,
( ii ) on conviction on indictment, to the like penalty.
or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years,
or to both, and
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
423
( b) in addition and without prejudice to any liability under
paragraph (a) above, unless and until the appropriate
gaming licence in respect of those premises is taken out
during the period of six months ( beginning with 1st October
or 1st April ) in which the offence was committed, an
amount equal to the duty on the appropriate gaming licence,
together with interest thereon from the date of the offence,
shall become due and recoverable as a debt due to the
Crown jointly and severally from all or any of the persons
liable under paragraph ( a ) above.
( 3 ) Any gaming tables or other things which are being used, or
are available or prepared for use, in connection with gaming in
respect of which an offence is committed under this paragraph shall
be liable to forfeiture.
( 4 ) In this paragraph " provider ", in relation to any premises
used for gaming, means any person having a right to control the
admission of persons to those premises, whether or not he also has
a right to control the admission of persons to the gaming.
13.- (1) If any person-
( a ) contravenes or fails to comply with any of the provisions
of regulations made under this Schedule, or
( b ) obstructs any officer in the exercise of his functions in rela-
tion to the duty on gaming licences, or
( c ) in connection with the duty on gaming licences, makes any
statement which he knows to be false in a material parti-
cular or recklessly makes any statement which is false in
a material particular, or, with intent to deceive, produces
or makes use of any book, account, record, return or other
document which is false in a material particular, or
( d ) is knowingly concerned in, or in the taking of steps with a
view to, the fraudulent evasion, by him or any other
person, of gaming licence duty,
he shall be liable to a penalty of £ 500 or treble the amount of the
duty which is unpaid or payment of which is sought to be avoided,
as the case may be, whichever is the greater ; and where a person
is convicted of an offence under paragraph ( c ) or ( d ) above, the court
may, in lieu of or in addition to ordering him to pay the said penalty,
order him to be imprisoned for a term not exceeding two years.
( 2 ) Where a person is convicted under sub-paragraph (1) above
in respect of a failure to comply with the provisions of regulations
made under this Schedule and the failure continues after his con-
viction then, unless he has reasonable excuse for the continuance of
the failure, he shall be guilty of a further offence under this paragraph
and may, on conviction, be punished accordingly.
14. Where an offence under paragraph 12 or paragraph 13 of this
Schedule has been committed by a body corporate, every person who
at the time of the commission of the offence was a director, general
manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or
04
SCH. 2
424 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 2
1970 с. 24.
1966 с. 18.
was purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be
guilty of that offence unless he proves-
( a ) in the case of an offence under paragraph 12 , that he did not
consent to, or connive at, the relevant contravention men-
tioned in paragraph 12(1) , or
( b) in the case of an offence under paragraph 13, that the offence
was committed without his consent or connivance,
and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the contravention
or, as the case may be, the commission of the offence as he ought
to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that
capacity and in all the circumstances .
15.- (1 ) If a justice of the peace or, in Scotland, the sheriff or a
magistrate is satisfied on information on oath that there is reasonable
ground for suspecting that a contravention of section 13( 3) of this
Act is being, has been, or is about to be committed on any premises,
he may issue a warrant in writing authorising any officer to enter
those premises (if necessary by force ) at any time within fourteen
days from the time of the issue of the warrant and search them.
( 2 ) An officer who enters premises under the authority of such a
warrant may-
(a ) seize and remove any records, accounts or other documents,
money or valuable thing, instrument or other thing whatso-
ever found on the premises which he has reasonable cause
to believe may be required as evidence for the purposes of
proceedings in respect of such a contravention, and
( b ) search any person found on the premises whom he has
reasonable cause to believe to be concerned in the organisa-
tion or management of gaming on the premises .
16. Where an officer takes any action in pursuance of instructions
of the Commissioners or a Collector of Customs and Excise given in
connection with the enforcement of the enactments relating to the
duty on gaming licences and, apart from the provisions of this
paragraph, the officer would in taking that action be committing an
offence under the enactments relating to betting or gaming, he shall
not be guilty of that offence.
Modification of agreements
17 .- (1) Where before 1st October 1970 a person who is granted
agaming licence in respect of any premises entered into an agreement
with any other person whereby that other person is entitled to use
those premises after that date for the purpose of gaming, and the
consideration for that other person under that agreement does not
take account of the additional duty payable under the Finance Act
1970 or this Act, as compared with section 13 of the Finance Act
1966, the first-mentioned person shall be entitled to recover from
that other person such amount, if any, not exceeding that additional
amount of duty, in such manner as may be agreed between them ( or,
in default of such agreement, as may be determined by the appro-
priate court ) to be fair in all the circumstances, having regard in
particular to the extent, if any, to which while the licence is in
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
425
force the premises will be or are likely to be used otherwise than
SCH. 2
by that person for the purpose of gaming.
( 2) In this paragraph " the appropriate court " means-
( a ) where the premises in question are in England or Wales
and the amount of the duty on the licence in question
exceeds £5,000, the High Court,
(b ) in any other case, the county court or, if the premises in
question are situated in Scotland, the sheriff .
Temporary provisions as to rateable values in Scotland
18.- (1 ) For the purpose of determining the amount of the duty
chargeable on a gaming licence in respect of premises in Scotland
for a period beginning after 30th September 1971 but before 1st
April 1973 the rateable value of any lands and heritages shall be
ascertained in accordance with the following provisions of this
paragraph in any case where a rateable value is shown for them
in the valuation roll for the time being in force and either a lower
value or no value was shown for them in the valuation roll for the
year 1970-71 .
(2 ) Where the rateable value of any lands and heritages falls
to be ascertained in accordance with this paragraph, then,-
( a ) if a rateable value was shown for them in the valuation
roll for the year 1970-71 , their rateable value shall be taken
to be the value so shown, but subject to paragraph ( b)
below ;
( b ) if , since the valuation roll for the year 1970-71 was made
up, there has been a material change of circumstances
affecting the value of the lands and heritages, their rate-
able value shall be taken to be the value determined
under this paragraph as the rateable value that would have
been shown for them in that valuation roll if the change
had been given effect to in making up that roll ;
( c ) if no value was shown for the lands and heritages in the
valuation roll for the year 1970-71 , their rateable value
shall be taken to be the value determined under this
paragraph as the value that would have been so shown if ,
at the time of the valuation for the purposes of that roll,
the premises in respect of which the licence is to be granted
had been in existence and all relevant circumstances had
been the same as at the time the value of the lands and
heritages is determined under this paragraph .
( 3) Any determination under this paragraph shall be made by
the Commissioners after consultation with the assessor appointed
under the Valuation and Rating ( Scotland ) Act 1956 for the valua- 1956 с. 60.
tion area concerned ; but the person to whom the licence is to be
or has been granted may, by notice in writing given to the Com-
missioners not later than four weeks after the date on which the
determination is notified to him, require the determination to be
referred to the arbitration of a referee appointed by the Lord
President of the Court of Session, whose decision shall be final and
conclusive.
426 с.25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 2
1963 с. 12.
1956 с. 60.
Sections 17, 20.
( 4 ) A person appointed under sub- paragraph ( 3) above shall
not be an officer of any Government department.
( 5 ) If the amount of duty chargeable is reduced in consequence
of a decision of a referee appointed under this paragraph, any amount
overpaid shall be repaid.
( 6 ) In this paragraph " the year 1970-71 " shall be construed
in accordance with section 26 of the Local Government (Financial
Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1963 and " material change of circum-
stances " has the meaning assigned to it by section 9( 7) of the
Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act 1956.
SCHEDULE 3
PROVISIONS RELATING TO BINGO DUTY
PART I
EXEMPTIONS FROM DUTY
Domestic bingo
1. Bingo duty shall not be charged in respect of bingo played both
in aprivate dwelling and on a domestic occasion.
Club bingo
2. Bingo duty shall not be charged in respect of bingo played as
an activity of a club in compliance with the following conditions : -
( a ) the subscription for membership of the club does not exceed
£ 2 a year ; and
( b) not more than one payment by way of a charge for admission
to any premises being or including the place at which bingo
is played is payable by a person in order to enable him to
play bingo, and that payment does not exceed 5p ; and
( c ) no other payment is required to be or has been made, and
no obligation to make any other payment is required to be
incurred , in order to enable a person to play bingo.
Charitable and other similar entertainments
3.- (1) Bingo duty shall not be charged in respect of bingo pro-
vided by way of an amusement at an entertainment ( whether limited
to one day or extending over two or more days ) being a bazaar, sale
of work, fête, dinner, dance, sporting or athletic event or other
entertainment of a similar character, in compliance with the following
conditions : -
( a ) the whole proceeds of the entertainment ( including the pro-
ceeds of bingo ) after deducting the expenses of it (including
any expenses incurred in connection with bingo and the
provision of prizes ) will be devoted to purposes other than
private gain ; and
( b ) the opportunity to play bingo is not the only , or the only
substantial, inducement to persons to attend the entertain-
ment.
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c.25
427
( 2 ) In construing sub -paragraph ( 1 ) above, proceeds of an enter-
tainment promoted on behalf of a society to which this sub-paragraph
extends which are applied for any purpose calculated to benefit the
society as a whole shall not be held to be applied for purposes of
private gain by reason only that their application for that purpose
results in benefit to any person as an individual.
( 3) Sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above extends to any society which is estab-
lished and conducted either-
( a ) wholly for purposes other than purposes of any commercial
undertaking, or
( b) wholly or mainly for the purpose of participation in or
support of athletic sports or athletic games ;
and in this paragraph" society " includes any club, institution, organi-
sation or association of persons, by whatever name called, and any
separate branch or section of such a club, institution, organisation or
association .
4.- (1) Bingo duty shall not be charged in respect of bingo played
at an entertainment promoted otherwise than for purposes of private
gain , in compliance with the following conditions : -
( a ) not more than one payment ( whether by way of entrance-fee,
payment for cards or otherwise) is made by each player of
bingo at the entertainment, and no such payment exceeds
50p ;
( b ) the total value of all prizes won at bingo played at the
entertainment does not exceed £50 ;
( c ) the whole of the proceeds of such payments as are mentioned
in paragraph ( a) above, after deducting sums lawfully appro-
priated on account of expenses or for the provision of prizes
at bingo, is applied for purposes other than private gain :
( d ) the sum appropriated out of the said proceeds in respect
of expenses does not exceed the reasonable cost of the
facilities provided for playing bingo.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this paragraph, two or more entertain-
ments promoted on the same premises by the same person on the
same day shall be treated as one single entertainment ; but where
a series of entertainments is held otherwise than as aforesaid-
( a ) paragraphs (a ) to ( d ) of sub-paragraph ( 1) above shall have
effect separately in relation to each entertainment in the
series, whether some or all of the persons taking part in
any one of those entertainments are thereby qualified to take
part in any other of them or not, and
( b ) if each of the persons taking part in the bingo played at
the final entertainment of the series is qualified to do so
by reason of having taken part in the bingo played at
another entertainment of the series held on a previous day,
paragraph (b) of that sub- paragraph shall have effect in
relation to that final entertainment as if for the words " £50 "
there were substituted the words " £100 ".
( 3) The Commissioners may by order made by statutory instrument
provide that, in relation to entertainments held on or after the date
SCH. 3
428 с. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 3
1963 с. 2.
1968 с. 65.
on which the order comes into operation, this paragraph shall have
effect as if , for such one or more of the following sums as may be
specified in the order, that is to say-
( a ) the sum of 50p referred to in sub-paragraph (1)( a) above,
( b ) the sum of £ 50 referred to in sub- paragraph (1)( b) and sub-
paragraph (2) (b), and
( c ) the sum of £100 referred to in sub-paragraph (2)(b),
there were substituted such larger sum as is specified in the order.
Any statutory instrument containing an order under this sub-
paragraph shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of the House of Commons.
( 4 ) Sub-paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3) of paragraph 3 of this Schedule
shall apply for the construction of sub-paragraph (1) above as they
apply for the construction of paragraph 3(1) .
Small-scale amusements provided commercially
5.- (1) Bingo duty shall not be charged in respect of bingo
played in compliance with the conditions of this paragraph-
( a ) on any premises in respect of which a permit under section
49 of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 ( pro-
vision of amusements with prizes ) has been granted in
accordance with Schedule 6 to that Act and is for the
time being in force ;
( b ) on any premises in respect of which there is for the time
being in force both a gaming machine licence under section
21 of this Act and a permit granted under section 34 of
the Gaming Act 1968, not being premises in respect of
which a club or a miners' welfare institute within the mean-
ing of the Gaming Act 1968 is for the time being registered
under Part III of that Act ; or
( c ) at any pleasure fair consisting wholly or mainly of amuse-
ments provided by travelling showmen, which is held on
any day of a year on premises not previously used in that
year for more than twenty- seven days for the holding of
such a pleasure fair.
( 2 ) The conditions of this paragraph are that-
( a ) the amount payable by any person for a card for any one
game of bingo does not exceed 5p ;
( b ) the total amount taken as payment by players for their
cards for any one game does not exceed £2.50 ;
( c ) no money prize exceeding 5p is distributed or offered ;
( d ) the winning of , or the purchase of a chance to win, a prize
does not entitle any person ( whether subject to a further
payment by him or not ) to any further opportunity to win
money or money's worth by taking part in any gaming
or in any lottery ; and
( e ) in the case of such a pleasure fair as is described above,
the opportunity to play bingo is not the only, or the only
substantial, inducement to persons to attend the fair.
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
429
Machine bingo
6. Bingo duty shall not be charged in respect of bingo played
by means of a gaming machine the provision of which on premises
requires the authority of an excise licence under section 21 of this
Act .
PART II
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
Definitions
7. In this Part of this Schedule-
66bingo- promoter " means a person who promotes the playing
of bingo chargeable with bingo duty ;
prescribed " means prescribed by regulations ;
" regulations means regulations of the Commissioners under
this Part of this Schedule.
General administration
8.- (1 ) Bingo duty shall be under the care and management of
the Commissioners and shall be accounted for by such persons, and
accounted for and paid at such times and in such manner, as may be
required by or under regulations .
( 2) Without prejudice to any other provision of this Schedule,
regulations may provide for any matter for which provision appears
to the Commissioners to be necessary for the administration or
enforcement of bingo duty, or for the protection of the revenue
in respect of that duty.
(3) Regulations shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall
be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the House
of Commons.
Notification to Commissioners by, and registration of,
bingo-promoters
9.- (1) Any person who intends to promote the playing of bingo
which will, or may, be chargeable with bingo duty shall, not less
than fourteen days before the first day on which bingo is to be
played, notify the Commissioners of his intention, specifying the
premises on which the bingo is to be played, and applying to be
registered as a bingo-promoter.
( 2 ) Where a person notifies his intention as aforesaid, he shall
be entitled to be registered by the Commissioners, except that the
Commissioners may, where it appears to them to be requisite for
the security of the revenue to do so, impose as a condition of a
person's registration, or may subsequently impose as a condition
of the continuance in force of his registration, a requirement that
he shall give such security ( or further security) by way of deposit
or otherwise for any bingo duty which he is, or may become, liable
to pay as the Commissioners may from time to time require.
(3) Where, in the case of a person who is for the time being
registered as a bingo-promoter, the Commissioners exercise their
power under sub-paragraph ( 2) above to impose, as a condition
SCH. 3
430 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 3 of the continuance in force of his registration, a requirement that
he shall give security or further security, and he does not give it,
the Commissioners may cancel his registration ( without prejudice,
however, to his right to apply again to be registered ).
Announcement of prizes
10. A bingo-promoter shall ensure that, before the beginning of
any game of bingo promoted by him, the value of any prize to be
won in the game is made known to the players in accordance with
such requirements as may be prescribed for the purposes of this
paragraph.
Books, records, accounts, etc.
11 .- (1 ) A bingo-promoter shall keep such books, records and
accounts as may be prescribed, or as the Commissioners may direct
either generally or in a particular case.
( 2 ) Any such books, records and accounts-
( a ) shall be preserved for at least two years or such shorter
period as the Commissioners may in any particular case
direct , and
( b ) shall be kept in such form as the Commissioners may
direct either generally or in a particular case ;
and different directions under this sub- paragraph may be given
by the Commissioners in relation to different cases or to different
classes of books, records or accounts.
( 3 ) Abingo-promoter shall, if so required by the Commissioners or
an officer-
( a ) produce, at a time and place specified in the requirement.
such books, records, accounts or documents relating to
the playing of bingo promoted by him as may be so
specified, and
( b ) give such other information relating thereto as may bo
so specified.
( 4 ) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this para-
graph, regulations may include provision requiring bingo-promoters
to keep and, if required by the Commissioners or an officer,
to produce for inspection records showing the value of prizes won
atbingo.
Powers to enter premises and obtain information
12.- (1 ) Any officer may, without paying, enter on any premises
where bingo is played or on which he has reasonable cause to
suspect that bingo has been or is about to be played , and inspect
the premises and anything whatsoever which he finds there ; and
he may further-
(a ) require any person concerned with the management of the
premises to provide him with information with respect to
activities carried on there ;
( b ) require any person on the premises who appears to him
to be , or to have been, playing any game to provide
him with information with respect to the game and, in
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
431
particular, to produce to him any document or thing in
his possession which is or was used in connection with
the playing of the game.
( 2 ) An officer who enters any premises in the exercise of powers
conferred by this paragraph shall be permitted to remain there at
any time when the premises are being used for gaming, or when he
has reasonable cause to suspect that they are about to be so used.
Power of Commissioners to estimate duty payable
13. Where an amount is due on account of bingo duty from any
person, but by reason of his failure to keep, or to produce or
furnish to the proper officer, any books, records, accounts or other
documents which he is required or directed under this Schedule
to keep, produce or furnish, or of his failure to take or permit
to be taken any other step which he is so required to take or
permit to be taken, or by reason of such books, records or accounts
being materially incomplete or inaccurate, the Commissioners are
unable to ascertain the amount of duty properly due from him,
the Commissioners may estimate the amount due ; and (without
prejudice to the recovery of the full amount due or to the making
of a further estimate in that behalf ) the amount estimated shall
be recoverable as duty properly due, unless in any action relating
thereto the person liable proves the amount properly due and
that amount is less than the amount estimated.
Disputes as to computation of duty
14.- (1) Without prejudice to paragraph 13 of this Schedule,
if anydispute arises between the Commissioners and a bingo-promoter
as to the amount taken by him or on his behalf , on a particular
occasion, as payment by players for cards, or as to the value of
any prize, then-
( a ) the Commissioners shall by notice in writing to the bingo-
promoter specify what in their opinion the amount or value
is; and
( b ) the amount of duty chargeable to, and recoverable from,
the promoter shall be computed in accordance with that
opinion .
( 2 ) If the promoter disputes the Commissioners' opinion as to
the said amount or value, he may at any time within three months
of the date of the notice, and subject to his having paid the full
amount of duty which in accordance with that opinion ( as stated
in the notice ) is due from him, apply to the High Court or, in
Scotland, the Court of Session for a declaration as to what the said
amount or value is .
( 3) If on an application under sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above the court
makes a declaration specifying a different amount or value from
that specified in the Commissioners' notice, then-
( a ) the notice shall be amended accordingly ;
( b ) any amount by which duty is found to have been overpaid
shall be repaid by the Commissioners together with interest
thereon from the date of overpayment at such rate as
the court may determine ;
SCH . 3
432 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 3 (c ) any amount by which duty is found to have been underpaid
shall be recoverable as duty properly due.
Recovery of duty
15.- (1) If a person, on written demand by the proper officer,
refuses or neglects to pay any amount recoverable from him by
way of bingo duty, the amount recoverable may be levied by
distress on his goods and chattels ; and the proper officer may
for that purpose by warrant signed by him authorise any person
to distrain accordingly and to sell anything so distrained by public
auction after giving six days' notice of the sale.
( 2 ) Where an amount recoverable by virtue of this paragraph
is determined ( wholly or in part ) by reference to the duty on
the playing of bingo on any premises, the goods and chattels on
which distress may be levied shall include any goods and chattels
used for the purposes of the bingo and found on those premises ;
but distress shall not be levied on such goods or chattels unless
a copy of the demand for the amount recoverable has been served
on the bingo-promoter, or the person having the management of
those premises, by sending it by post addressed to him at the
premises or at an address at which he carries on any business .
(3) The proceeds of sale of anything distrained under this para-
graph shall be applied in or towards payment of the costs and
expenses of the distress and sale and the payment of the amount
recoverable, and the surplus (if any) shall be paid to the person
on whom the distress was levied.
( 4 ) Where under this paragraph distress is levied for duty payable
in accordance with an estimate by the Commissioners under para-
graph 13 of this Schedule and it is afterwards proved that the amount
properly due was less than the amount estimated, this shall not affect
the legality of the distress or anything done under this paragraph in
connection therewith ; but the proceeds of sale shall be applied under
sub-paragraph (3) above in accordance with the amount properly due
and not in accordance with the amount estimated.
( 5) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland, any reference
to distress shall be construed as a reference to diligence, any refer-
ence to distraining or to the levying of distress shall be construed as
a reference to the doing of diligence, and the expression " chattels "
means corporeal movables.
16. Paragraph 14 of Schedule 1 to this Act ( priority of debts in
bankruptcy etc. ) shall have effect in relation to bingo duty as it has
effect in relation to general betting duty.
Enforcement
17.- (1 ) If any person is knowingly concerned in , or in the taking
of steps with a view to, the fraudulent evasion ( by him or any other
person ) ofbingo duty, he shall be liable to a penalty of £ 500 or treble
the amount of the duty payment of which is sought to be evaded,
whichever is the greater.
(2 ) If any person-
(a ) is knowingly concerned with the promotion of bingo ( being
bingo which is or may be chargeable with bingo duty ),
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 с. 25
433
where the promoter is not registered by the Commissioners
in accordance with paragraph 9 of this Schedule, or
( b ) is knowingly concerned with the combination of any game
of bingo with other bingo contrary to section 19(2) of this
Act ;
ne shall be liable to a penalty of £500.
( 3) Where a person is convicted of an offence under sub-paragraph
(1) or (2) above the court may, in lieu of or in addition to ordering
him to pay the said penalty, order him to be imprisoned for a term
not exceeding two years.
( 4) If any person contravenes or fails to comply with any provision
of this Part of this Schedule or of regulations, or fails to comply
with any requirement made of him by or under any such provision,
he shall be liable to a penalty of £500.
18. Where a person is convicted of an offence under paragraph
17( 4) of this Schedule, consisting in a failure to comply with any
provision of this Part of this Schedule or of regulations, and the
failure continues after the conviction, he shall be guilty of a further
offence under paragraph 17( 4 ) and may on conviction be punished
accordingly.
19. Where an offence under paragraph 17 of this Schedule has
been committed by a body corporate, every person who at the time
of the commission of the offence was a director, general manager,
secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or was
purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty
of that offence unless he proves that the offence was committed
without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all such
diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to
have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that
capacity and in all the circumstances .
20.- (1 ) If a justice of the peace or, in Scotland, the sheriff or
a magistrate is satisfied on information on oath that there is
reasonable ground for suspecting that an offence under paragraph 17
of this Schedule is being, has been, or is about to be committed
on any premises, he may issue a warrant in writing authorising any
officer to enter those premises (if necessary by force ) at any time
within fourteen days from the time of the issue of the warrant and
search them .
( 2) An officer who enters premises under the authority of such a
warrant may-
(a ) seize and remove any books, records, accounts, documents,
money or valuable thing, and any instrument, device,
apparatus or other thing whatsoever found on the premises,
which he has reasonable cause to believe may be required
as evidence for the purposes of proceedings in respect of
such an offence, and
( b ) search any person found on the premises whom he has
reasonable cause to believe to be concerned with the
promotion of bingo or, as the case may be, with the
management of any premises used for the purpose of playing
bingo.
SCH. 3
434 с. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 3
Sections 25, 27.
21. Where an officer takes any action in pursuance of instructions
of the Commissioners or a Collector of Customs and Excise given
in connection with the enactments relating to bingo duty and,
apart from this paragraph, would in taking that action be commit-
ting an offence under the enactments relating to gaming, he shall
not be guilty of that offence.
SCHEDULE 4
PROVISIONS RELATING TO GAMING MACHINE LICENCE DUTY
PART I
EXEMPTIONS FROM REQUIREMENT OF EXCISE LICENCE
Charitable entertainments, etc.
1.- (1 ) A gaming machine licence shall not be required in order
to authorise the provision of a gaming machine at an entertainment
( whether limited to one day or extending over two or more days ),
being a bazaar, sale of work, fête, dinner, dance, sporting or athletic
event or other entertainment of a similar character, where the condi-
tions of this paragraph are complied with in relation to the entertain-
ment.
( 2) The conditions of this paragraph are that-
( a ) the whole proceeds of the entertainment (including the
proceeds of gaming by means of any machine) after deduct-
ing the expenses of the entertainment, including any expenses
incurred in connection with the provision of gaming machines
and of prizes to successful players thereof , will be devoted
to purposes other than private gain ; and
( b ) the opportunity to win prizes by playing the machine (or
that machine and any other provided for gaming at the
entertainment ) does not constitute the only, or the only
substantial, inducement for persons to attend the entertain-
ment.
( 3) Sub-paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3) of paragraph 3 of Schedule 3 to
this Act ( construction of reference to "private gain " ) shall apply for
the construction of sub-paragraph (2 )(a ) above as they apply for the
construction of sub-paragraph (1) of that paragraph.
Pleasure fairs
2.(1) A gaming machine licence shall not be required in order to
authorise the provision of a gaming machine at a pleasure fair,
consisting wholly or mainly of amusements provided by travelling
showmen, which is held on any day of a year on premises not
previously used in that year for more than twenty-seven days for
the holding of such a pleasure fair, where the conditions of this
paragraph are complied with in relation to the machine.
( 2) The conditions of this paragraph are that-
( a ) the amount payable to play the machine once does not
exceed 5p ;
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 с. 25
435
( b) a person playing the machine once and successfully does
not receive any thing other than one of the following
prizes or combinations of prizes : -
(i ) a money prize not exceeding 10p or a token which
is, or two or more tokens which in the aggregate are,
exchangeable only for such a money prize ;
( ii ) a non- monetary prize or prizes of a value or
value
aggregate value not exceeding 25p or a token exchange-
able only for such a non- monetary prize or such non-
monetary prizes ;
(iii ) a money prize not exceeding 10p together with a
non- monetary prize of a value which does not exceed
25p less the amount of the money prize ;
( iv ) one or more tokens which can be exchanged for
a non- monetary prize or non-monetary prizes at the
appropriate rate ; and
( c ) the opportunity to play the machine ( or that machine and
any other provided for gaming at the fair ) does not con-
stitute the only, or the only substantial, inducement for
persons to attend the fair.
( 3 ) In sub-paragraph (2)(b) above, “ non-monetary prize ", in
relation to a machine, means a prize which does not consist of or
include any money and does not consist of or include any token
which can be exchanged for money or money's worth or be used
for playing the machine ; and, for the purposes of sub-paragraph
( 2)(b)(iv), a token or tokens shall be taken to be exchanged for
a non-monetary prize or prizes at the appropriate rate if either-
( a ) the value or aggregate value of the prize or prizes does not
exceed 25p and the token or tokens exchanged represent
the maximum number of tokens which can be won by
playing the machine once, or
( b ) in any other case, the value or aggregate value of the prize
or prizes does not exceed 25p and bears to 25p a pro-
portion not exceeding that which the number of tokens
exchanged bears to the maximum number of tokens which
can be won by playing the machine once.
( 4 ) The condition specified in sub-paragraph ( 2 )(b) above shall
not, in relation to a machine, be taken to be contravened by reason
only that a successful player of the machine receives an opportunity
to play again ( once or more often ) without paying, so long as the
most which he can receive if he wins each time he plays again is
a money prize or money prizes of an amount, or aggregate amount,
of 10p or less.
PART II
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
General administration
3.- (1) The duty on gaming machine licences shall be under the
care and management of the Commissioners, who may ( without
prejudice to any other provision of this Schedule ) make regulations
providing for any matter for which provision appears to them to
SCH. 4
436 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 4 be necessary for the administration or enforcement of the duty, or
for the protection of the revenue in respect thereof ; and in this
Schedule-
( a ) " regulations " means regulations of the Commissioners made
thereunder ; and
(b) " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations.
(2 ) Regulations shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall
be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the House of
Commons.
Application for and duration of licence
4.- (1 ) An application for an ordinary licence in respect of any
premises shall, in the case of a new licence, be made to the Com-
missioners not later than fourteen days before the date on which
the licence is to be in force ; and, in the case of an ordinary licence
in continuation of one of which the applicant is the holder, be made
not later than fourteen days before the date on which the licence
held by him is due to expire.
( 2 ) An application for a holiday season licence in respect of any
premises shall be made not less than fourteen days before the date on
which the licence is to be first in force.
5.- (1 ) A licence shall be expressed to take effect on the first
day of the period for which it is granted or, if it is granted after
the beginning of a licence-period so as to have effect for the
remainder of that period, on the day following the date of the grant.
( 2) An ordinary whole-year licence shall expire at the end of
30th September next after the date on which it is expressed to
take effect ; and an ordinary half -year licence shall expire at the
end of 31st March or, as the case may be, 30th September next
after that date.
( 3) A holiday season licence shall expire at the end of 31st
October next after the date on which it is expressed to take effect.
( 4 ) If a holiday season licence is granted in respect of any
premises, any ordinary licence in respect of those premises shall
( if not surrendered under paragraph 9 of this Schedule) become
void as from the day on which the holiday season licence is first
in force.
( 5 ) If an ordinary licence (whole-year or half- year ) is granted
in respect of any premises, any holiday season licence in respect
of those premises shall become void as from the day on which
the ordinary licence is first in force.
Transfer and amendment of licence
6 .- (1) The proper officer may, in such manner as the Com-
missioners may direct, and without any additional payment, transfer
a gaming machine licence in respect of any premises to a successor
in title to the interest in those premises of the person to whom
the licence was granted.
( 2 ) Where the holder of a gaming machine licence in respect
of any premises dies, the proper officer may transfer the licence,
in such manner as the Commissioners may direct and without any
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 с. 25
437
additionaı payment, to some other person for the remainder of
the period for which the licence was granted.
7. The proper officer may, in such manner as the Commissioners
may direct, and without any additional payment, amend a gaming
machine licence by substituting different premises for those in
respect of which it is for the time being in force, but-
(a ) this paragraph shall not be taken as authorising any
amendment affecting the number or descriptions of gaming
machines authorised by the licence, and
( b) in the case of an ordinary licence, the proper officer must
be satisfied that there is no other licence in force as
respects the new premises, except where the transfer is of
a licence relating only to machines chargeable at the
lower rate, or the higher rate, and the licence already in
force relates only to machines chargeable at the other rate.
8.- (1 ) Where there is a gaming machine licence for the time
being in force in respect of any premises, the holder may at any
time apply to the Commissioners for the licence to be amended
under this paragraph, and the proper officer shall, on payment of
the additional duty ( if any), amend the licence accordingly.
( 2) An ordinary licence may be amended under this paragraph-
( a ) so as to increase the number of machines which are
authorised by the licence for the premises in question
( whether chargeable at one or other, or at each, of the
two rates respectively) ; or
( b) so as to increase the number of machines chargeable at
one rate and reduce the number chargeable at the other
rate ; or
( c ) in the case of a licence which authorises only machines
chargeable at one rate, so as to authorise a specified
number of machines chargeable at the other rate .
( 3) A holiday season licence may be amended under this para-
graph so as to increase the number of penny machines which are
authorised by the licence for the premises in question.
( 4 ) The additional duty referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above
shall be payable only where-
( a ) the amount of the duty originally paid on the licence, or
( b) in the case of a licence previously amended under this
paragraph, that amount plus any additional duty paid in
respect of that amendment,
is exceeded by the amount of duty which would have been payable
on the original licence if it had been granted as proposed to be
amended ; and the amount of the additional duty shall then be
the difference between those two amounts, except that where an
ordinary whole- year licence falls to be amended in pursuance of
an application made after 31st March immediately preceding 30th
September on which it is due to expire, the additional duty shall
be eleven-twentieths of that difference.
SCH. 4
438 c.25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 4
( 5 ) Regulations may make provision with respect to the procedure
for amending licences under this paragraph, and any such regula-
tions may include provision-
( a ) as to the method of amendment ( that is to say, whether it
is to be effected by endorsement of the licence, or by the
issue of an amended licence, or otherwise howsoever), and
( b ) as to the time at which a licence is to have effect as
amended.
1952 с. 44.
Surrender of licence
9.- (1) The following provisions shall have effect where an
ordinary whole- year licence is in force in respect of any premises
and, not later than 31st March immediately preceding 30th September
on which the licence is due to expire, the holder of the licence
surrenders it to the proper officer.
( 2 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 3) below, the holder, if he satisfies
the proper officer either-
( a ) that , during the period between the date of the surrender
and that on which the licence would otherwise expire, he
will not be concerned with the provision of any gaming
machines for gaming on the premises to which the licence
relates, or
( b ) that as from the date of the surrender there will be in force
in respect of those premises a holiday season licence,
shall be entitled to repayment of an amount equal to nine-twentieths
of the duty paid on the licence.
( 3) Sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above shall not apply if any person has
been convicted of an offence under paragraph 15 of this Schedule
in respect of a contravention on the premises of section 25 of
this Act, being a contravention which occurred between the grant
of the licence and the date of surrender ; and where at the date
of surrender proceedings for such an offence are pending against any
person, the right to repayment under this paragraph shall not arise
until the proceedings are terminated, nor unless every person charged
in those proceedings with such an offence has been acquitted thereof.
Payment of duty by cheque
10. Section 234 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (which relates
to payment of duty on excise licences by cheque ) shall apply to the
duty on a gaming machine licence, but as if for the reference to a
penalty of £50 there were substituted a reference to a penalty of £ 500.
Requirements to be observed by licence-holder
11. The holder of a gaming machine licence in respect of any
premises shall secure that the licence is displayed on the premises
at such times and in such manner as may be prescribed , and shall
on demand by an officer at any time produce the licence for the
officer's inspection.
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
439
12. Regulations may make provision with respect to the labelling
or marking of gaming machines provided on any premises in respect
of which a gaming machine licence is for the time being in force,
with a view to enabling such machines to be identified as chargeable
at the lower rate or at the higher rate or, as the case may be, as penny
machines ; and any such regulations may include provision as to
the size and description of labels or marks to be applied to machines,
as to the cases in which they are required to be, or are prohibited
from being, applied, and as to the manner of their application.
SCH. 4
Power to enter premises and obtain information
13. Any officer may ( without payment ) enter on any premises on
which he knows or has reasonable cause to suspect that gaming
machines are or have been provided for gaming and inspect those
premises and require any person who is concerned in the manage-
ment of the premises, or who is on the premises and appears to the
officer to have any responsibility whatsoever in respect of their man-
agement or of the control of the admission of persons thereto-
( a ) to produce or secure the production of any gaming machine
licence for the time being in force in respect of the premises,
or
(b) to provide information with respect to any use to which the
premises are or have been put, or to any machine which is
or has been on the premises and any game which may have
been played by means of such a machine or to the way in
which the machine works, or to the amount which is or
has been payable to play it .
Registers of permits, etc.
14.- (1) The clerk to the appropriate authority shall keep a register
in the prescribed form and containing the prescribed particulars of-
( a ) all permits issued by the authority for the purposes of
section 49 of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 1963 c. 2.
( permitted gaming in the form of amusements with prizes) ,
(b ) all permits so issued for the purposes of section 34 of the
Gaming Act 1968 (conditions under which gaming may be 1968 c. 65.
carried on by means of machines), and
( c) all directions given by the authority under section 32 of the
Gaming Act 1968 (approval for provision of more than two
gaming machines) ;
and any such register shall be open during reasonable hours for
inspection by any officer.
( 2 ) In sub-paragraph (1) above, " the appropriate authority "-
( a ) in relation to permits issued for the purposes of section 49
of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963, means the
local authority within the meaning of Schedule 6 to that
Act ,
( b) in relation to permits issued for the purposes of section 34
of the Gaming Act 1968, has the same meaning as in
Schedule 9 to that Act, and
440 с. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 4
1968 с. 65.
( c ) in relation to directions under section 32 of the Gaming
Act 1968, means the licensing authority under that Act .
Enforcement
15. If any gaming machine is provided for gaming on any
premises in contravention of section 25 of this Act, any person who
at the time when it is so provided-
( a ) is the owner, lessee or occupier of the premises, or
( b ) is for the time being responsible to the owner, lessee or
occupier for the management of the premises, or
( c ) is a person responsible for issuing or exchanging coins or
tokens for use in playing any gaming machine on the
premises, or otherwise for controlling the use of any such
machine, or
( d ) is for the time being responsible for controlling the admission
of persons to the premises or for providing persons resorting
thereto with any goods or services , or
( e ) is the owner or hirer of the machine, or
( f ) is a party to any contract under which a gaming machine
may, or is required to, be on the premises at that time,
shall be guilty of an offence and be liable to a penalty of £500 or,
if he knowingly or recklessly brought about the relevant contraven-
tion of section 25 of this Act, or took any steps with a view to
procuring it-
( i ) on summary conviction to a penalty of £1,000 or to imprison-
ment for not more than twelve months, or to both ; or
(ii ) on conviction on indictment, to the like penalty or to
imprisonment for not more than two years, or to both.
16.- (1 ) If any person contravenes or fails to comply with any
provision of this Part of this Schedule or regulations, or fails or
refuses to comply with any requirement lawfully made of him under
this Part of this Schedule or regulations, he shall be guilty of an
offence and be liable to a penalty of £500.
( 2) Where a person is convicted of an offence under this paragraph
consisting in a failure to comply with any provision of this Part of
this Schedule or of regulations, and the failure continues after the
conviction, he shall be guilty of a further offence under this para-
graph and may on conviction be punished accordingly.
17. Where an offence under paragraph 15 or 16 of this Schedule
has been committed by a body corporate, every person who at the
time of the commission of the offence was a director, general manager,
secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or was
purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of
that offence unless he proves-
( a ) in the case of an offence under paragraph 15, that he did
not consent to, or connive at, the relevant contravention of
section 25 of this Act, or
( b ) in the case of an offence under paragraph 16, that the
offence was committed without his consent or connivance,
and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the contravention
or, as the case may be, the commission of the offence as he ought
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 c. 25
441
to have exercised having regard to the nature of his functions in that
capacity and in all the circumstances .
18.- (1) If a justice of the peace or, in Scotland, a sheriff or a
magistrate is satisfied on information on oath that there is reasonable
ground for suspecting that gaming machines are or have been, or are
to be, provided for gaming on any premises in contravention of
section 25 of this Act, he may issue a warrant in writing authorising
an officer to enter the premises (if necessary by force) at any time
within fourteen days of the issue of the warrant and search them.
( 2) An officer who enters premises under the authority of such a
warrant may-
( a ) seize and remove any records, accounts or other documents,
or any gaming machine (including any machine appearing
to the officer to be constructed or adapted, or to be capable
of use, for playing a game of chance by means of it ), or
any tokens or other thing whatsoever, found on the premises
which he has reasonable cause to believe may be required
as evidence for the purposes of proceedings in respect of an
offence under paragraph 15 or 16 of this Schedule ;
(b ) search any person found on the premises whom he has
reasonable cause to believe to be or have been concerned
with the provision of gaming machines on the premises, or
with the management of the premises, or to be or have
been responsible for controlling the admission of persons
to the premises .
19. Where an officer finds gaming machines provided on any
premises in such circumstances that a gaming machine licence is
required so as to authorise them so to be provided and either-
( a ) there is not produced to him on demand a valid gaming
machine licence in respect of the premises , or
( b) such a licence is produced, but the officer is satisfied that,
having regard to the number of machines on the premises
and their description, there is or has been a contravention
of section 25 of this Act in respect of the premises,
all gaming machines found on the premises shall be liable to
forfeiture.
20. Where an officer takes any action in pursuance of instructions
of the Commissioners or a Collector of Customs and Excise given in
connection with the enforcement of the enactments relating to the
duty on gaming machine licences and, apart from the provisions of
this paragraph, the officer would in taking that action be com-
mitting an offence under the enactments relating to betting or gaming ,
he shall not be guilty of that offence.
Modification of agreements
21 .- (1) The following provisions of this paragraph shall have
effect where a person (called " the hirer ") entered into an agree-
ment before 1st October 1969 with another person ( called " the
supplier ") for the provision by the supplier on any premises of a
gaming machine during a period beginning before, and extending
beyond, that date.
SCH. 4
442 c. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
SCH. 4
1966 с. 18.
1969 с. 32.
Section 29.
1963 с. 2.
1966 с. 18.
1968 с. 65. 1970 с. 24 .
( 2 ) If the consideration for the provision of the gaming machine
was determined on the assumption that someone other than the
hirer would pay the duty on any gaming machine licence required
for the premises under section 14 of the Finance Act 1966, and
the hirer has paid , or will be accountable for , the corresponding
duty under section 5 of the Finance Act 1969 or section 21 of
this Act, the hirer shall be entitled to recover from the supplier
such amount, or to make such reduction in periodical payments
due from him under the agreement, as may be agreed between
them ( or , in default of agreement, as may be determined by the
appropriate court ) to be fair in all the circumstances having
regard in particular-
( a ) to the period for which, under the agreement, the supplier
is to provide a gaming machine as aforesaid on the
premises in question, and
( b ) to the incidence of the duty under the said section 14
and sections 5 and 21 as respects that period.
( 3) In sub-paragraph ( 2) above, " the appropriate court " means-
( a ) where the premises in question are in England or Wales,
the county court, and
( b ) where the premises in question are in Scotland, the sheriff
SCHEDULE 5
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
1. In section 55( 1) of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act
1963, in the definition of " pool betting ", for the words " the
Betting Duties Act 1963 " there shall be substituted the words
ود
" the Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 " .
2. In section 12 ( 6 ) of the Finance Act 1966, the word " In "
shall be inserted before the words " paragraph 4(a)(i) " .
3. In paragraph 48(1) of Schedule 2 to the Gaming Act 1968, for
the words from " section 13 " to " and the Commissioners " there
shall be substituted the words " section 13 of that Act or of an
offence under paragraph 12 or 13 of Schedule 2, or paragraph 15
or 16 of Schedule 4, to the Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
( or under the corresponding provisions of the enactments consolidated
by that Act ) , and the Commissioners ".
4. In each of-
( a ) paragraph 17(1) of Schedule 3 to the Gaming Act 1968, and
( b ) paragraph 15( 1) of Schedule 4 to that Act,
for the words from " section 13 " to " in relation to premises " there
shall be substituted the words " section 13 of that Act or of an
offence under paragraph 15 or 16 of Schedule 4 to the Betting and
Gaming Duties Act 1972 (or under the corresponding provisions of
the enactments consolidated by that Act ) in relation to premises ".
5. In paragraph 20(1)( e ) of Schedule 2 to the Gaming Act 1968,
as amended by paragraph 16 ( 2 ) of Schedule 1 to the Finance Act
1970, after the words " Finance Act 1970 " there shall be inserted
the words " or section 13 of or Schedule 2 to the Betting and Gaming
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972 с. 25
443
Duties Act 1972 " ; and the like amendment shall be made in
SCH. 5
each of-
( a ) paragraph 60( c ) of Schedule 2,
( b) paragraph 9(e) of Schedule 3, and
( c) paragraph 11(e ) of Schedule 4
to the said Act of 1968 as so amended.
6. In section 3( 8) of the Finance Act 1969, for the words " the 1969 c. 32 .
Act of 1963 " there shall be substituted the words " the Betting,
Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 " .
SCHEDULE 6
Section 29.
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
1. In so far as any regulation, order, licence, permit, notice, entry,
direction, warrant or other instrument made, issued or given, or
having effect as if made, issued or given, under any enactment
repealed by this Act, or any other thing done or having effect as
if done under any such enactment, could have been made, issued,
given or done under a corresponding provision of this Act, it shall
not be invalidated by the repeal but shall have effect as if made,
issued, given or done under that corresponding provision.
2. Without prejudice to paragraph 1 of this Schedule, any pro-
vision of this Act relating to anything done or required or authorised
to be done under or by reference to that provision or any other
provision of this Act shall have effect as if any reference to that
provision, or that other provision, as the case may be, included a
reference to the corresponding provision of the enactments repealed
by this Act.
3.- (1) Nothing in this Act shall affect the enactments repealed
by this Act in their operation in relation to offences committed before
the commencement of this Act.
( 2 ) Where an offence, for the continuance of which a penalty was
provided , has been committed under an enactment repealed by this
Act, proceedings may be taken under this Act in respect of the
continuance of the offence after the commencement of this Act in
the same manner as if the offence had been committed under the
corresponding provision of this Act.
4 .- (1) For the purposes of section 9( 4) of this Act a conviction
for an offence under section 5 of the Finance Act 1952 or under 1952 с. 33.
section 2 of the Betting Duties Act 1963 (either as originally 1963 c. 3.
enacted or as subsequently amended ) shall be deemed to have been
a conviction for an offence under section 9 of this Act.
( 2) Paragraph 9( 3) of Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect in
relation to an offence under paragraph 22 of Schedule 11 to the
Finance Act 1969 in respect of a contravention of section 5( 11) of
that Act (either as originally enacted or as subsequently amended )
as it has effect in relation to an offence under paragraph 15 of the
said Schedule 4 in respect of a contravention of section 25 of this
Act .
5. Where any Act or document refers, either expressly or by
implication, to an enactment repealed by this Act, the reference shall,
except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as, or as
including, a reference to the corresponding provision of this Act.
444 с. 25
Betting and Gaming Duties Act 1972
Section 29 . SCHEDULE 7
REPEALS
Chapter ShortTitle Extent of Repeal
1963 с. 3 . 1964 с. 49. 1966 с. 18 . 1967 с. 54. 1968 с. 44. 1968 с. 65.
1969 с. 32.
1970 с. 24.
1971 с. 68 .
The Betting Duties Act
1963.
The Finance Act 1964.
The Finance Act 1966.
The whole Act.
In section 7, subsections (2) to ( 4) .
Section 12, except subsection
( 6 )( b).
Section 15, except subsection ( 5) .
The Finance Act 1967.
The Finance Act 1968.
Schedule 3 , except paragraph 6.
Section 7, except subsection (8 ) .
In section 4, subsections (2) and
( 4 ).
Schedule 5.
The Gaming Act 1968. In Schedule 2, in each of para-
graphs 20(1 ) ( f) and 60(c), the
words " under section 3 of the
Finance Act 1969 " .
In Schedule 3, in paragraph 9( f),
the words " under section 3 of
the Finance Act 1969 ".
In Schedule4, in paragraph 11 (f) ,
the words " under section 3 of
the Finance Act 1969 " .
In Schedule 11, in Part III, the
entry relating to section 3( 6 ) of
the Betting Duties Act 1963 and
the entry relating to section 15( 6 ,
of the Finance Act 1966.
The Finance Act 1969. Section 3, except subsections ( 8)
and ( 9).
Section 5, except subsection ( 17 ) .
In Schedule 9, paragraphs 1 to 21
and in paragraphs 22, 23 and 24
the words " under section 3 of
the Finance Act 1969 " wherever
they occur.
Schedule 11 .
The Finance Act 1970. In section 1, subsections ( 1) to ( 4 )
Section 2, except subsection (9).
Section 3 .
Schedule 1 , except paragraphs 14
and 16(2) and (3) .
The Finance Act 1971. Sections 8 to 10.
In section 69( 3) , the words " 8,
9, 10" .
с . 26 445
NOH
DIEUET
MON DROIT
OPANSE
Sunday Theatre Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 26
An Act to permit and regulate the opening and use of
theatres on Sundays, and for purposes connected
therewith. [11th May 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. No person shall be guilty of an offence or subject to any Plays on
penalty under the Sunday Observance Act 1780 by reason of his Sundays.
having managed, conducted, assisted at, or otherwise taken part 1780 c. 49.
in or attended or advertised the performance of any play on a ( 21 Geo. 3. )
Sunday at premises
( a ) licensed under the Theatres Act 1968 ; or
1968 с. 54.
( b) in respect of which a licensing authority may impose
requirements by notice in writing under section 17( 2)
of the Theatres Act 1968 (which relates to plays per-
formed at premises under the authority of letters patent)
nor shall the said Act of 1780 apply to those premises by reason
of the performance therein of any play on a Sunday.
2. (1 ) No premises in respect of which a licence under the Restriction on
Theatres Act 1968 is for the time being in force or in respect of the hours of
which a licensing authority have power to impose conditions plays on
in writing under section 17( 2) of the Theatres Act 1968 shall be Sundays.
used for the public performance of any play on a Sunday-
(a) between the hours of three in the morning and two in the
afternoon if the premises are in any part of the inner
London area which is designated by an order made for
the purposes of this paragraph by the Secretary of
State ; or
c . 26
446 Sunday Theatre Act 1972
1964 с. 42.
Enforcement
of section 2.
1968 с. 54.
Orders.
Interpretation .
Short title,
extent and
commence-
ment.
(b ) between the hours of two in the morning and two in the
afternoon if the premises are in any part of England
or Wales other than a part of the inner London area
so designated.
( 2 ) In this section " the inner London area " means the area
which for the time being constitutes the inner London area for
the purposes of the Administration of Justice Act 1964.
( 3 ) For the purposes of this section premises shall be deemed
to be used for the public performance of a play at any time
during which members of the public are present in the auditorium
of the premises in connection with such a public performance.
3.- (1) If the provisions of section 2 above are contravened
in relation to any premises the holder of the licence in respect
of those premises under the Theatres Act 1968 or the holder for
the time being of the relevant letters patent ( as the case may be)
shall be guilty of an offence.
( 2) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (1) above
shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding
£ 200 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months
or both.
4.- (1) The power conferred by section 2(1 )(a) above to make
an order shall include power to vary or revoke the order by a
subsequent order .
( 2 ) The power to make an order under this Act shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument ; and any statutory instrument
containing any such order shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
66 5.- (1) In this Act the expressions " licensing authority ",
play " and " premises " have the same meanings respectively
as in the Theatres Act 1968 .
( 2 ) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall, except so
far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference
to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment,
including this Act.
6.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Sunday Theatre Act 1972.
( 2 ) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.
( 3) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of a
period of one month beginning with the date of its passing.
c. 27 447
PENSE
DIEUETMON DROIT
Road Traffic
( Foreign Vehicles) Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 27
An Act to make provision, in relation to foreign goods
vehicles and foreign public service vehicles, for securing
the observance of certain statutory provisions relating
to road traffic ; and for purposes connected with
those matters . [11th May 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1.- (1) The provisions of this section shall have effect with respect Power in
to any foreign goods vehicle or foreign public service vehicle certain cases
where- to prohibit driving of
( a) an examiner exercises, in relation to the vehicle or its foreign
driver, any functions of the examiner under an enact- vehicle.
ment specified in the first column of Schedule 1 to this
Act, or
( b ) an authorised person exercises, in relation to the vehicle,
any functions of that person under section 160 of the
Road Traffic Act 1972 (weighing of motor vehicles).
1972 с. 20.( 2 ) If in any such a case as is mentioned in subsection (1 )(a)
of this section-
(a ) the driver obstructs the examiner in the exercise of his
functions under the enactment in question, or refuses,
neglects or otherwise fails to comply with any require-
ment made by the examiner under that enactment, or
( b) it appears to the examiner that, in relation to the vehicle
or its driver, there has been a contravention of any of
the enactments or instruments specified in the first
448 Provisions
supple-
mentary to
s . 1.
c. 27
Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act 1972
1972 с. 20.
column of Schedule 2 to this Act, or that there will be
such a contravention if the vehicle is driven on a road,
the examiner may prohibit the driving of the vehicle on a road,
either absolutely or for a specified purpose, and either for a
specified period or without any limitation of time.
( 3) If in any such case as is mentioned in subsection (1 )(b) of
this section-
(a) the driver obstructs the authorised person in the exercise
of his functions under the said section 160, or refuses,
neglects or otherwise fails to comply with any require-
ment made by the authorised person under that section,
or
( b) it appears to the authorised person that any limit of
weight applicable to the vehicle by virtue of regulations
made under section 40 of the Road Traffic Act 1972
has been exceeded, or will be exceeded if the vehicle is
driven on a road,
the authorised person may prohibit the driving of the vehicle on
a road, either absolutely or for a specified purpose.
( 4 ) Where an examiner or an authorised person prohibits the
driving of a vehicle under this section, he may also direct the
driver to remove the vehicle (and, if it is a motor vehicle drawing
a trailer, also to remove the trailer ) to such place and subject to
such conditions as are specified in the direction; and the prohi-
bition shall not apply to the removal of the vehicle in accordance
with that direction.
( 5 ) Where a prohibition is imposed under subsection ( 2) or
subsection (3) of this section, the examiner or authorised person
shall forthwith give notice in writing of the prohibition to the
driver of the vehicle, specifying the circumstances (as mentioned
in paragraph (a ) or paragraph (b) of either of those subsections)
in consequence of which the prohibition is imposed, and-
( a ) stating whether the prohibition is on all driving of the
vehicle or only on driving it for a specified purpose
(and, if the latter, specifying the purpose), and
( b ) where the prohibition is imposed under subsection ( 2)
of this section, also stating whether it is imposed only
for a specified period (and, if so, specifying the period )
or without limitation of time ;
and any direction under subsection ( 4 ) of this section may be
given either in that notice or in a separate notice in writing
given to the driver of the vehicle.
2.- (1 ) Subject to any exemption granted under subsection (2)
of this section, a prohibition under section 1 of this Act shall
come into force as soon as notice of it has been given in accordance
Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act 1972 c. 27
449
with subsection ( 5 ) of that section, and shall continue in force
until it is removed under the following provisions of this section
( or , in the case of a prohibition imposed only for a specified
period, shall continue in force until either it is removed under
this section or that period expires, whichever first occurs).
( 2) Where notice of a prohibition has been given under sub-
section (5) of section 1 of this Act in respect of a vehicle, an
exemption in writing for the use of the vehicle in such manner,
subject to such conditions and for such purpose as may be
specified in the exemption may be granted-
( a ) in the case of a prohibition under subsection ( 2) of that
section, by any examiner, or
( b ) in the case of a prohibition under subsection ( 3) of that
section, by any authorised person .
( 3) A prohibition under subsection ( 2 ) of section 1 of this Act
may be removed by any examiner, and a prohibition under
subsection (3) of that section may be removed by any authorised
person, if he is satisfied that appropriate action has been taken
to remove or remedy the circumstances (as mentioned in para-
graph (a) or paragraph ( b) of either of those subsections) in
consequence of which the prohibition was imposed; and on
doing so the examiner or authorised person shall forthwith give
notice in writing of the removal of the prohibition to the driver
of the vehicle.
( 4 ) In the exercise of his functions under section 1 of this Act
or under this section an examiner shall act in accordance with
any general directions given by the Secretary of State; and
( without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this subsection )
an examiner, in exercising his functions under subsection ( 2) of
this section, shall act in accordance with any directions given by
the Secretary of State with respect to the exercise of those
functions in any particular case .
3.- (1 ) Any person who-
Enforcement
provisions .
( a ) drives a vehicle on a road in contravention of a prohibition
imposed under section 1 of this Act, or
( b ) causes or permits a vehicle to be driven on a road in
contravention of such a prohibition, or
(c ) refuses, neglects or otherwise fails to comply within a
reasonable time with a direction given under subsection
( 4 ) of that section,
shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary
conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.
P
450 c. 27
Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act 1972
( 2) A constable in uniform may arrest without warrant any
person whom he has reasonable cause to suspect of having
committed an offence under the preceding subsection .
( 3) Where a constable in uniform has reasonable cause to
suspect the driver of a vehicle of having committed an offence
under subsection (1 ) of this section, the constable may detain
the vehicle, and for that purpose may give a direction, specifying
an appropriate person and directing the vehicle to be removed
by that person to such place and subject to such conditions as
are specified in the direction; and the prohibition shall not apply
to the removal of the vehicle in accordance with that direction .
( 4 ) Where under subsection ( 3) of this section a constable-
( a ) detains a motor vehicle drawing a trailer, or
( b ) detains a trailer drawn by a motor vehicle,
then, for the purpose of securing the removal of the trailer, he
may also ( in a case falling within paragraph (a) of this subsection )
detain the trailer or ( in a case falling within paragraph (b) of
this subsection) detain the motor vehicle; and a direction under
subsection (3) of this section may require both the motor vehicle
and the trailer to be removed to the place specified in the direction.
( 5) A vehicle which, in accordance with a direction given
under subsection ( 3) of this section, is removed to a place specified
in the direction shall be detained in that place, or in any other
place to which it is removed in accordance with a further direction
given under that subsection, until a constable (or, if that place
is in the occupation of the Secretary of State, the Secretary of
State) authorises the vehicle to be released on being satisfied-
( a ) that the prohibition ( if any ) imposed in respect of the
vehicle under section 1 of this Act has been removed, or
that no such prohibition was imposed, or
( b ) that appropriate arrangements have been made for
removing or remedying the circumstances in conse-
quence of which any such prohibition was imposed, or
( c) that the vehicle will be taken forthwith to a place from
which it will be taken out of Great Britain, or
( d ) in the case of a vehicle detained under subsection ( 4 ) of
this section, that ( in the case of a motor vehicle) the
purpose for which it was detained has been fulfilled or
(in the case of a trailer) it is no longer necessary to detain
it for the purpose of safeguarding the trailer or its load.
( 6 ) Any person who-
( a) drives a vehicle in accordance with a direction given
under this section, or
( b ) is in charge of a place at which a vehicle is detained
under subsection ( 5 ) of this section,
Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act 1972 c. 27
451
shall not be liable for any damage to, or loss in respect of , the
vehicle or its load unless it is shown that he did not take reasonable
care of the vehicle while driving it or, as the case may be, did
not, while the vehicle was detained in that place, take reasonable
care of the vehicle or (if the vehicle was detained there with its
load ) did not take reasonable care of its load.
( 7 ) In this section " appropriate person "
(a ) in relation to a direction to remove a motor vehicle,
other than a motor vehicle drawing a trailer, means a
person licensed to drive vehicles of the class to which
the vehicle belongs, and
(b ) in relation to a direction to remove a trailer, or to remove
a motor vehicle drawing a trailer, means a person
licensed to drive vehicles of a class which, when the
direction is complied with, will include the motor
vehicle drawing the trailer in accordance with that
direction.
4.- (1) Subsection ( 3) of this section shall have effect in relation Production
to a vehicle where it appears to an examiner that the vehicle- ofcertain
documents.
( a) is a foreign goods vehicle within the meaning of regulations
for the time being in force under section 91 ( 4) of the
Transport Act 1968 (which enables certain provisions 1968 c. 73.
of that Act to be modified in their application to vehicles
brought temporarily into Great Britain ), and
( b) is being used, or has been brought into Great Britain
for the purpose of being used, in such circumstances
as , by virtue of section 60(1) of that Act as modified
by the regulations, to require a document of a description
specified in the regulations to be carried on it.
( 2) The next following subsection shall also have effect in
relation to a vehicle where it appears to an examiner that the
vehicle-
( a ) is a foreign public service vehicle, and
( b) is being used, or has been brought into Great Britain
for the purpose of being used, in such circumstances as,
by virtue of section 127(1) of the Road Traffic Act 1960 c. 16.
1960 as modified by regulations for the time being in
force under section 160(1)( k) of that Act (which enables
certain provisions of that Act to be modified in their
application to public service vehicles brought into
Great Britain to carry persons staying there temporarily),
to require a document of a description specified in
the regulations to be carried on it.
P2
452 c . 27
Road Traffic ( Foreign Vehicles) Act 1972
( 3 ) In the circumstances mentioned in subsection (1) or sub-
section (2) of this section, the examiner, on production if so
required of his authority,-
( a ) may require the driver of the vehicle to produce a docu-
ment of the description in question and to permit the
examiner to inspect and copy it, and
( b) may detain the vehicle for such time as is requisite for
the purpose of inspecting and copying the document;
and, if the driver refuses or fails to comply with any such require-
ment (including any case where he does so by reason that no
such document is carried on the vehicle ), the examiner may
prohibit the driving of the vehicle on a road, either absolutely
or for a specified purpose, and either for a specified period or
pose,
without limitation of time.
( 4 ) In subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) of section 1 and in sections
2 and 3 of this Act any reference to a prohibition imposed under
section 1 , or under subsection ( 2) of section 1, of this Act shall
be construed as including a reference to a prohibition imposed
under this section; and, in relation to a prohibition imposed
under this section, so much of section 1( 5 ) or of section 2(3) of
this Act as relates to the circumstances in consequence of which
the prohibition was imposed shall be read subject to the appropriate
modifications .
Application
of Road
Traffic Act
1972, s. 160,
to vehicles on
harbour land.
1972 с. 20.
1964 с. 40.
5.- (1 ) The powers conferred by subsection (1) of section 160
of the Road Traffic Act 1972 ( whereby an authorised person is
empowered to require the person in charge of a motor vehicle to
allow the vehicle or any trailer drawn thereby to be weighed,
and the weight transmitted to the road by any parts of the vehicle
or trailer in contact with the road to be tested, and for that
purpose to proceed to a weighbridge or other machine for weighing
vehicles) shall be exercisable in relation to the person in charge
of a motor vehicle which is a foreign goods vehicle or a foreign
public service vehicle and is for the time being on land to which
this section applies, whether that land is or is not a road, and
whether apart from this section those powers would be so
exercisable or not; and any reference in that section to those
powers or to such a requirement shall be construed accordingly.
( 2) This section applies to any land which forms part of a
harbour or which is adjacent to a harbour and is occupied wholly
or partly for the purposes of harbour operations .
( 3 ) In this section " harbour " and " harbour operations " have
the meanings assigned to them by section 57(1) of the Harbours
Act 1964.
Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act 1972 c. 27
453
6. Notwithstanding anything in the Government of Ireland Powers of
Act 1920, the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall have power Parliament of
to make laws for purposes similar to any of the purposes of this Northern
Act . Ireland.
1920 с. 67.
7.- (1) In this Act, except in so far as the context otherwise Interpretation
requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby and
assigned to them respectively, that is to say- transitional
provisions.
" authorised person " means a person ( whether an examiner
or not) authorised to exercise the powers of section 160
of the Road Traffic Act 1972 with respect to the 1972 c. 20.
weighing of motor vehicles and trailers ;
" driver "--
( a ) in relation to a motor vehicle, includes any
person who is in charge of the vehicle and, if a
separate person acts as steersman, includes that person
as well as any other person in charge of the vehicle or
engaged in the driving of it, and
( b ) in relation to a trailer, means any person who
( in accordance with the preceding paragraph) is the
driver of the motor vehicle by which the trailer is
drawn;
" examiner " means an examiner appointed under section
128( 2) or section 183(1) of the Road Traffic Act 1960, 1960 с. 16.
a certifying officer appointed under Part III of that Act
or an examiner appointed under section 56(1) of the
Road Traffic Act 1972 ;
" foreign goods vehicle " (except in section 4 of this Act)
means a goods vehicle which has been brought into
Great Britain and which, if a motor vehicle, is not
registered in the United Kingdom or, if a trailer, is
drawn by a motor vehicle not registered in the United
Kingdom which has been brought into Great Britain ;
" foreign public service vehicle " means a public service
vehicle which has been brought into Great Britain and
is not registered in the United Kingdom;
" goods vehicle " means a motor vehicle constructed or
adapted for use for the carriage or haulage of goods or
burden of any description, or a trailer so constructed or
adapted;
" public service vehicle " shall be construed in accordance
with sections 117 and 118 of the Road Traffic Act 1960 ;
P3
454 1971 с. 10.
1954 с. 17
( Ν.Ι. ) .
c. 27
Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act 1972
" road " means any highway and any other road to which
the public has access, and includes bridges over which
a road passes .
( 2) In this Act any reference to driving a vehicle shall, in
relation to a trailer, be construed as a reference to driving the
motor vehicle by which the trailer is drawn.
( 3 ) In this Act any reference to a motor vehicle drawing a
trailer, or to a motor vehicle by which a trailer is drawn, shall be
construed as a reference to a motor vehicle to which a trailer is
attached for the purpose of being drawn by it ; and where, for
the purpose of being drawn by a motor vehicle, two or more
trailers (one of which is attached to the motor vehicle) are attached
to each other, the motor vehicle shall for the purposes of this Act
be treated as drawing each of those trailers.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this Act a motor vehicle which does
not for the time being have exhibited on it a licence or trade
plates issued-
( a ) under the Vehicles (Excise ) Act 1971 or under an enact-
ment repealed by that Act, or
( b) under the Vehicles (Excise ) Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1954
or under any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland
repealing that Act and re-enacting it with or without
modifications,
shall be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, not to be
registered in the United Kingdom.
( 5 ) Where, in accordance with subsection ( 4 ) of this section,
a motor vehicle is presumed not to be registered in the United
Kingdom, but is subsequently proved to have been so registered,
anything which-
( a ) has been done in relation to the vehicle, or in relation to
a trailer drawn by it, by a person relying in good faith
on that presumption and purporting to act by virtue of
any provision of this Act, and
( b ) would have been lawfully done by virtue of that provision
if the vehicle had not been registered in the United
Kingdom,
shall be treated as having been lawfully done by virtue of that
provision.
( 6 ) Any reference in any provision of this Act to regulations
made under an enactment specified in that provision shall be
construed as including a reference to any regulations which, by
virtue of that or any other enactment, have effect, or are to be
treated, as if made under the enactment so specified.
Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act 1972 c. 27
455
( 7 ) Any reference in section 1 of this Act, or in subsection (1 )
of this section, to section 160 of the Road Traffic Act 1972 1972 c. 20.
shall be construed as a reference to that section read together
with section 5 of this Act.
8.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Road Traffic ( Foreign Short title,
Vehicles) Act 1972. commence-
ment and
( 2 ) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the Secre- extent.
tary of State may by order made by statutory instrument appoint .
( 3) This Act, with the exception of section 6, shall not extend
to Northern Ireland.
P4
456 c. 27
Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act 1972
SCHEDULES
Section 1 .
SCHEDULE 1
ENACTMENTS CONFERRING FUNCTIONS ON EXAMINERS
Enactment Function conferred
1960 с. 16. Section 128( 3) of the Road
To enter and inspect public service
Traffic Act 1960.
vehicles.
1968 с. 73 . Section 99 of the Transport
Act 1968 . To inspect and copy records and other
documents required to be carried on
goods and public service vehicles .
1972 с. 20.
Section 53 ofthe Road Traffic Act 1972.
Act 1972.
To test the condition of motor vehicles
on roads.
Section 56 of the Road Traffic To inspect goods vehicles to secure
proper maintenance.
Section 1 .
SCHEDULE 2
PROVISIONS RELATING TO VEHICLES AND THEIR DRIVERS
Provisions
Effect
Section 60 of the Transport
To require users of certain goods
Act 1968 .
vehicles to hold operators' licences
unless exempted from doing so.
Regulations under section
To require goods vehicles to be identi-
91 (1)(c) of the Transport
fied by plates, marks etc.
Act 1968 .
Sections 96 to 98 of the
Transport Act 1968 and
regulations and orders
made under those sections .
Any order under section 100
of the Transport Act 1968 .
Regulations under section 40
of the Road Traffic Act
1972.
Sections 68 to 73 and 76 to 79
of the Road Traffic Act
1972 and regulations made
under those sections .
To limit driving time and periods of
duty of drivers of goods and public
service vehicles and to require the
installation of recording equipment
in, and the keeping of records on,
such vehicles.
To give effect to international agree-
ments relating to vehicles used on
international journeys .
To regulate the construction, weight,
equipment and use of motor vehicles
and trailers on roads.
To require vehicles to carry front and
rear lamps, headlamps and reflectors ,
to regulate their position, character
and use and to make special provi-
sion for vehicles carrying over-
hanging or projecting loads and
vehicles towing and being towed.
c. 28 457
SINO
EUET MON DROIT
PENSE
Employment Medical
Advisory Service Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 28
An act to provide for the establishment by the Secretary
of State of an employment medical advisory service,
to amend the Factories Act 1961 in relation to medical
arrangements and related matters and in relation to
the obstruction of inspectors, and for purposes con-
nected therewith. [11th May, 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
Employment Medical Advisory Service
1.-( 1 ) The Secretary of State shall establish and maintain an Establishment,
employment medical advisory service for the purpose of secur- organization
ing that he and others concerned with the health of employed and functions
ofemployment
persons, and of persons training for employment, can be kept medical advis-
informed of, and adequately advised on, matters of which they ory service.
ought respectively to take cognisance concerning the safeguard-
ing and improvement of the health of those persons, and for
other purposes of his functions relating to employment ; and to
that end he shall, with the approval of the Minister for the
Civil Service as to numbers, appoint persons to be employment
medical advisers.
( 2) The Secretary of State may also, for the purposes men-
tioned in subsection ( 1 ) above, and for the purpose of assisting
employment medical advisers in the performance of their func-
tions, investigate or assist in the investigation of problems
arising in connection with any such matters as are so mentioned
458 c. 28 Employment Medical Advisory Service Act 1972
1961 с. 34.
or otherwise in connection with the functions of employment
medical advisers, and for the purpose of investigating such
problems may provide and maintain such laboratories and other
services as appear to him to be requisite .
( 3) Aperson shall not be qualified to be appointed, or to be,
an employment medical adviser unless he is a fully registered
medical practitioner.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State may appoint one of the employ-
ment medical advisers as chief employment medical adviser,
and one or more of them as deputy chief employment medical
adviser, and may determine the cases and circumstances in
which they or any of them are to perform the duties or exercise
the powers conferred on employment medical advisers by or
under this Act or otherwise .
( 5) An employment medical adviser shall have, for the per-
formance of his functions, power to do all such things as an
inspector under the Factories Act 1961 has, for the purpose
of the execution of that Act, power to do under so much of
section 146(1) and section 147 of that Act as is set out in Part I
of Schedule 1 to this Act ; and-
( a) in relation to any exercise of the powers conferred by
this subsection so much of section 146(2) to ( 4) of that
Act as is so set out shall have effect, with the substitu-
tion of a reference to an employment medical adviser
for any reference to an inspector, as it has effect in
relation to an exercise of the corresponding powers
conferred by that Act, and in section 147 of that Act
as it has effect in relation to employment medical
advisers the reference to section 146(2) to (4) shall
apply accordingly ; and
( b) an employment medical adviser authorised by the
Secretary of State to exercise the powers conferred by
this subsection shall be furnished by the Secretary of
State with a certificate of his authority and, when
exercising those powers, shall, if required so to do,
produce the certificate.
References above in this subsection to any provision of the
Factories Act 1961 are to be taken to include references to it
as extended by the provisions of Part VII of that Act listed
in Part II of Schedule 1 to this Act (which in relation to the
places or processes described in column 2 in that Part of the
Schedule give the Factories Act 1961 or parts of it an applica-
tion extending beyond factories).
( 6) It shall be the duty of every local education authority
or, in Scotland, education authority to arrange for one of their
officers who is a fully registered medical practitioner to furnish,
Employment MedicalAdvisory Service Act 1972 c. 28 459
on the application of an employment medical adviser, such
particulars of the school medical record of a person who has
not attained the age of eighteen and such other information
relating to his medical history as the adviser may reasonably
require for the efficient performance of his functions ; but no
particulars or information about any person which may be
furnished to an adviser in pursuance of this subsection shall
( without the consent of that person) be disclosed by the adviser
otherwise than for the efficient performance of his functions.
( 7) The Secretary of State may pay-
( a) to employment medical advisers such salaries or such
fees and travelling or other allowances ; and
( b) to other persons called upon to give advice in connec-
tion with the execution of his functions under this
section such travelling or other allowances or com-
pensation for loss of remunerative time ; and
( c ) to persons attending for medical examinations conducted
by, or in accordance with arrangements made by,
employment medical advisers (including pathological,
physiological and radiological tests and similar
investigations so conducted) such travelling or sub-
sistence allowances or such compensation for loss of
earnings ;
as the Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Minister
for the Civil Service, determine.
( 8) Any expenses of the Secretary of State under this section
shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.
( 9) In subsection ( 1 ) above the reference to persons training
for employment shall include persons attending industrial
rehabilitation courses provided under section 3 ( 1 ) of the Disabled 1944 c. 10.
Persons ( Employment) Act 1944 or under arrangements made
under that section, and the reference to those (other than the
Secretary of State) concerned with the health of employed
persons and of persons training for employment shall be taken
to include organisations of employers or employed persons and
associations of such organisations .
Amendments of Factories Act 1961
2.-(1 ) The position and functions of appointed factory General
doctors are hereby abolished ; but the provisions of the Factories amendments.
Act 1961 mentioned in column 1 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall 1961 с. 34 .
have effect subject to the amendments respectively specified in
relation thereto in column 2.
460 c. 28
Employment Medical Advisory Service Act 1972
1961 с. 34.
(2) Section 146( 1)(g) of the Factories Act 1961 (by which an
inspector, if a fully registered medical practitioner, is empowered
to carry out medical examinations necessary for his duties under
that Act) shall cease to have effect.
( 3) In section 180 ( 6 ) of the Factories Act 1961 ( power to
prescribe standards or impose requirements by reference to
approval of chief inspector ) after the words " of the chief
inspector " there shall be added the words " or of the chief
employment medical adviser or a deputy chief employment
medical adviser ".
Medical
3. The Factories Act 1961 shall have effect as if the following
examinations ofpersons
section were inserted after section 10 thereof : -
employed infactories.
66 10A.-(1) If an employment medical adviser is of
opinion that there ought, on grounds mentioned in sub-
section (2) below, to be a medical examination of a person
or persons employed in a factory, he may serve on the
occupier of the factory a written notice stating that he is
of that opinion and requiring that the occupier shall permit
a medical examination in accordance with this section of
the person or persons in question, and the examination
shall be permitted accordingly.
( 2 ) The grounds on which a medical examination of a
person may be required by an employment medical adviser's
notice under subsection ( 1) above are that ( in the adviser's
opinion) the person's health has been or is being injured,
or it is possible that it has been, is being or will be injured,
by reason of the nature of the work he is or has been
called upon to do or may ( to the adviser's knowledge) be
calledupon to do ; and a notice under that subsection may
be given with respect to one or more named persons or to
persons of a class or description specified in the notice.
( 3) A notice under subsection (1) above shall name
the place where the medical examination is to be con-
ducted and, if it is a place other than the factory, the day
on which and the time at which it is to be begun; and-
( a) every person to whom the notice relates shall be
informed, as soon as practicable after service
thereof, of the contents thereof and of the fact
that he is free to attend for the purpose of sub-
mitting to the examination ; and
( b) if the notice states that the examination is to be
conducted at the factory, suitable accommodation
thereat shall be provided for the conduct of the
examination.
( 4 ) A medical examination conducted in pursuance of
a notice under subsection (1) above shall be begun within
seven days after the day on which the notice is served, and
Employment Medical Advisory Service Act 1972 c. 28 461
shall be conducted by, or in accordance with arrangements
made by, an employment medical adviser, and take place
at a reasonable time during working hours.
( 5) An employment medical adviser may, by written
notice served on the occupier of a factory, cancel a notice
served on the occupier under subsection ( 1) above ; and a
notice which relates to two or more named persons may be
cancelled either in relation to them all or in relation to
any one or more of them.
( 6 ) In this section, ' medical examination ' includes
pathological, physiological and radiological tests and
similar investigations ".
4. (1 ) For subsection (2) of section 75 of the Factories Employment
Act 1961 (which prohibits the employment in any process in- ofwomen and young
volving the use of lead compounds of a woman or young person persons in
who has been suspended after medical examination from em- processes
ployment in any such process on the ground that continuance involving the
therein would involve special danger to health ) there shall be use of lead
substituted the following subsection :- compounds.
4 . ( 2) If, in the case of a woman or young person who is 1961 c . 34.
employed in a factory in a process involving the use of
lead compounds, an employment medical adviser serves on
the occupier of the factory a written notice stating that, in
the opinion of the adviser, the continued employment of that
woman or young person in that process would involve
special danger to her or his health, it shall not be lawful
for that woman or young person to be employed in any such
process in that factory, unless the notice has been cancelled
by a further written notice served on the occupier by an
employment medical adviser " .
( 2) Where, at the commencement of this Act, a person's em-
ployment is unlawful under section 75( 2) of the Factories Act
1961 (as originally enacted) or under that subsection as extended
by section 128 of that Act, and is known to be so by the occu-
pier of the factory or, if the employment is not in a factory, by
the employer, then there shall be deemed to have been served
on that occupier or employer immediately after that commence-
ment by an employment medical adviser, under the subsection
substituted for section 75( 2) by subsection (1) above, a written
notice stating that , in the opinion of the adviser, the continued
employment of that person in that process would involve special
danger to his health.
5. (1) The Factories Act 1961 shall have effect as if the Duty of
following section were inserted at the end of Part VI thereof: factory occupier to
“ 119A.-( 1 ) Where the occupier of a factory takes agive notice
young person into his employment to work in the factory of employment
ofa young
person.
462 c. 28
Employment MedicalAdvisory Service Act 1972
1948 с. 46.
1944 с. 31.
1962 с 47.
( or transfers to work in the factory from work elsewhere
than in a factory a young person already in his employ-
ment) , the occupier shall, not later than seven days after
the day on which he does so, send to the local careers
office a written notice stating the name of the occupier, the
address of the factory and the fact of the young person's
having been so taken or transferred, and the date on which,
and the work to do which, he was so taken or transferred,
and giving such of the following information as is within
the occupier's knowledge, namely : -
( a ) the young person's Christian name ( or forename)
and surname ;
(b) the date of his birth ;
( c) his usual residential address ; and
( d ) the name and address of the school ( if any) which
he last attended before he was so taken or trans-
ferred.
( 2 ) In this section-
( a) ' the local careers office ' means the local careers
office maintained under the Employment and
Training Act 1948 for the area in which the factory
is situated, whether the office is maintained by
the Secretary of State under section 2 or by a local
education authority ( within the meaning of that
Act ) in accordance with section 10 ; and
(b) ' school ' means a school within the meaning of the
Education Act 1944 or the Education (Scotland)
Act 1962." .
( 2) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament
any addition attributable to this section to the sums so payable
under the Employment and Training Act 1948.
Feesfor
6.- ( 1 ) For work done by a person in conducting or exercis-
medical
ing, pursuant to the Factories Act 1961 or orders or regulations
examinations thereunder, medical examinations or medical supervision there
or supervision shall-
conducted or
exercised under
( a ) if that person is an employment medical adviser, be
Factories
payable to the Secretary of State by the employer of
Act 1961.
the persons examined or supervised such fees as may
1961 с. 34.
be fixed by order of the Secretary of State ;
( b) if that person is other than such an adviser, be payable
to that person by that employer such fees as may be
agreed between them or, in default of agreement, as
may be so fixed .
( 2) Different fees may be fixed by order under this section for
examinations and supervision of different kinds and for exami-
nations conducted in different places.
Employment Medical Advisory Service Act 1972 c. 28 463
(3) An order under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order
somade.
( 4 ) In this section, “ medical examination" includes patho-
logical, physiological and radiological tests and similar investi-
gations, and the reference to persons examined shall be construed
accordingly.
( 5) Sums received under this section by the Secretary of State
shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
7. Any person convicted of an offence under section 146( 4) Obstruction
of the Factories Act 1961 (obstruction of inspector), or under of inspector
that subsection as it applies in relation to an employment medical or employment
medical
adviser by virtue of section 1 (5) above, shall be liable to a fine adviser.
not exceeding £100 (and section 156 of that Act shall not apply). 1961 c. 34.
8.- ( 1 ) The Factories Act 1961 shall have effect as if the Supple-
sections 10A and 119A inserted therein by this Act were included mentary.
among the provisions mentioned in that Act in section 125(2)
and (3)(a) ( docks etc. ), section 126( 2) (ships) and section 127(2)
( building operations and works of engineering construction), but
subject to the following qualifications : -
( a) neither section 10A nor section 119A shall by virtue
of their inclusion in section 125(3) (a) (loading, unload-
ing and coaling of ships) be applied to a member of the
crew of a ship ; and
(b) where section 119A applies by virtue of its inclusion
in section 125 (3) (a) , 126(2) or 127 (2) , the notice under
section 119A( 1) shall state as the address of the factory
the place where the young person works.
(2) The Secretary of State may by order (made by statutory
instrument)-
( a) make such amendments of orders and regulations made
under the Factories Act 1961, or having effect as if
so made, as appear to him to be necessary or expedient
in consequence of this Act ;
( b) effect with respect to a provision of regulations or an
order so made, or having effect as if so made, a
substitution similar in result to that effected with respect
to section 75(2) of that Act by section 4(1) of this
Act ;
and an order under this subsection may contain such supple
mental and consequential provisions as the Secretary of State
considers necessary for giving full effect to the order.
464 Short title ,
repeal, com-
mencement
and extent.
1961 с. 34.
c. 28
Employment Medical Advisory Service Act 1972
Short title , repeal , commencement and extent
9.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Employment Medical
Advisory Service Act 1972.
( 2) The provisions of the Factories Act 1961 specified in
column 1 in Schedule 3 to this Act are hereby repealed to the
extent specified in column 2.
( 3) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Secre-
tary of State may by order made by statutory instrument
appoint.
( 4 ) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
Employment MedicalAdvisory Service Act 1972 c. 28 465
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
Section 1.
PROVISIONS OF THE FACTORIES ACT 1961 APPLYING TO GIVE
1961 с. 34.EMPLOYMENT MEDICAL ADVISERS CERTAIN POWERS OF INSPECTORS
PART I
PROVISIONS APPLYING IN SECTIONS 146 AND 147
146.- (1) An inspector shall, for the purpose of the execution of
this Act, have power to do all or any of the following things, that
is to say: -
( a ) to enter, inspect and examine at all reasonable times, by day
and night, a factory, and every part thereof , when he has
reasonable cause to believe that any person is employed
therein, and to enter by day any place which he has reasonable
cause to believe to be a factory;
( c ) to require the production of the registers, certificates, notices
and documents kept in pursuance of this Act, and to inspect,
examine, and copy any of them;
( e ) to require any person whom he finds in a factory to give such
information as it is in his power to give as to who is the
occupier of the factory.
( 2 ) The occupier of every factory, his agents and servants, shall
furnish the means required by an inspector as necessary for an entry,
inspection, examination, or otherwise for the exercise of his powers
under this Act in relation to that factory.
( 3) If any person wilfully delays an inspector in the exercise of
any power under this section, or fails to comply with the requisition
of an inspector in pursuance of this section or to produce any register,
certificate, notice or document which he is required by or in pursuance
of this Act to produce, or wilfully withholds any information as to who
is the occupier of any factory, that person shall be deemed to obstruct
an inspector in the execution of his duties under this Act.
( 4 ) Where an inspector is obstructed in the execution of his powers
or duties under this Act, the person obstructing him shall be guilty of
an offence; and where an inspector is so obstructed in a factory, the
occupier of that factory, shall be guilty of an offence.
147. The powers of an inspector under section 146 of this Act
shall include the power to enter, inspect and examine at all reasonable
times any warehouse and every part thereof-
( a ) by day or night, when he has reasonable cause to believe
that any young person is employed in or in connection with
the warehouse in such circumstances that section 116 of
this Act applies to him;
(b ) by day, when he has reasonable cause to believe that any young
person has within the preceding two months been employed
as aforesaid, but not that any young person is so employed;
and for the purposes of the powers conferred by this section a ware-
house shall be deemed to be included in the expression " factory " in
paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of the said section 146 and in sub-
sections ( 2), ( 3) and ( 4 ) thereof.
466 c. 28 Employment Medical Advisory Service Act 1972
SCH. 1
PART II
OTHER PROVISIONS EXTENDING SECTION 146 BEYOND FACTORIES
Provision applied
Section 123(1 ) and ( 2 ) Electrical stations.
Relevant place or process
Section 124(1)... Charitable or reformatory institutions where
manual labour is exercised in processes of
manufacture etc.
Section 125(1 ), ( 2 ) and Docks, wharves and quays, and warehouses
( 3 ). where mechanical power is used; loading,
unloading or coaling ships in docks,
harbours and canals.
Section 126(1 ) and ( 2) Constructing, reconstructing, repairing etc.
ships in harbours and wet docks.
Section 127(1) and ( 2 ) Building operations and works of engineering
construction.
Section 128...
Processes connected with lead manufacture or
involving use of lead compounds.
Section 129(2) and ( 3) Painting buildings.
Section 2.
1961 с. 34.
SCHEDULE 2
AMENDMENTS OF PROVISIONS OF THE FACTORIES Aст 1961
REFERRING TO APPOINTED FACTORY DOCTOR
Provision amended and
subject-matter thereof
Section 82( 3) (notification by
factory occupier to the inspector
for the district and the appointed
factory doctor of cases of indus-
trial diseases occurring in the
factory ).
Section 119 ( power of factory
inspector to require cesser of
employment of a young person
in the absence of a certificate
ofan appointed factory doctor
that he is fit ).
Amendment
For the words " the appointed
factory doctor " there shall be
substituted the words "the
employment medical adviser in
charge of the area in which the
factory is situate " .
After the words " the appointed
factory doctor " there shall be
inserted the words or an
employment medical adviser ".
Employment Medical Advisory Service Act 1972 c. 28
467
Provision amended and
subject-matter thereof
Section 124( 2) ( power of the
Secretary of State to direct that
the Act shall apply to an insti-
tution subject to modifications).
Section 138(1 ) ( posting ofabstract
ofAct and notices at a factory's
principal entrances).
Section 141 (registers and records
kept in pursuance of the Act to
be preserved and kept available
for inspection by a factory
inspector or the appointed
factory doctor ).
Amendment
For paragraph ( b) (medical officer
of the institution may be
appointed to be the appointed
factory doctor for the insti-
tution ) there shall be substituted
the following paragraph :-
" (b ) if there be a medical
officer of the institution,
any duties imposed by
regulations or an order
under this Act on an
employment medical adviser
that fall to be discharged in
relation to the institution
may, with the Secretary of
State's permission, be dis-
charged instead by the
medical officer ".
For paragraph (c), there shall be
substituted the following para-
graph: -
" (c ) a notice of the address
of the employment medical
adviser in charge of the
area in which the factory is
situate ".
For the words " the appointed
factory doctor " there shall be
substituted the words an66
employment medical adviser " .
SCH. 2
SCHEDULE 3
PROVISIONS OF THE FACTORIES ACT 1961 REPEALED
Provision
Section 85 ...
... ... ...
Section 99
... ... ... ...
Section 118... ... ...
Section 119... ... ...
Extent ofRepeal
The whole section.
Subsection ( 4).
The whole section.
The words " (notwithstanding that
a certificate under section one
hundred and eighteen of this
Act is in force in respect of
him ) " .
Section 9.
1961 с. 34.
468 c . 28 Employment Medical Advisory Service Act 1972
SCH. 3 Provision
Section 125... ... ...
Extent of Repeal
Subsection (3)( b) and the preceding
" and ", and subsection ( 4 )( b)
and the preceding " or ".
Section 126... ... ...
Section 127
Section 146
Subsection ( 2)(g).
... ... ...
Subsection ( 2)(g) .
... ... ...
Subsection ( 1)( g) and (except for
offences committed before the
coming into force of this Act)
the words " and liable to a fine
not exceeding twenty pounds
"in subsection (4) .
Section 151
The whole section.... ... ...
Section 152
... ... ... The whole section.
Section 184... ... ... Subsection ( 2 ).
c. 29 469
HONI
PENSE
DIEUET AMON DROIT
Harbours, Piers and Ferries
(Scotland) Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 29
An Act to make provision for extending the power of the
Secretary of State under section 7 of the Harbours,
Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Act 1937 to authorise the
undertaking by certain local and harbour authorities
of operations in connection with marine works.
[12th June 1972]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:-
1.- (1) In section 7(1) of the Harbours, Piers and Ferries Amendment
( Scotland) Act 1937 (which provides that in certain circumstances of s . 7 of
the Secretary of State may authorise a local or harbour authority Harbours,
to undertake, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Piers and
Ferries
the Second Schedule to the said Act, certain operations, the cost ( Scotland )
of which does not exceed one hundred thousand pounds, inAct 1937.
66
connection with a marine work ) for the words one hundred 1937 с. 28.
thousand pounds " (substituted by section 152(1) of the Transport 1968 c. 73.
Act 1968) there shall be substituted the words " two hundred
thousand pounds " ; and the said section 152 is accordingly
hereby repealed.
( 2 ) In the said section 7 at the end there shall be added the
following subsections-
" (3) If it appears to the Secretary of State that the sum
of two hundred thousand pounds specified in subsection (1 )
above (or such other sum as may for the time being be so
specified by virtue of an order made under this subsection )
470 c. 29
Harbours, Piers and Ferries ( Scotland )
Short title
and citation.
1937 с. 28.
should be varied, he may by an order made by statutory
instrument amend subsection (1) above by substituting for
that sum such other sum as may be specified in the order.
( 4 ) Any order made under subsection ( 3) above may be
revoked by a subsequent order thereunder which substitutes
another sum for the sum specified in the order which is
thereby revoked.
( 5 ) No order shall be made under subsection ( 3) above
unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament
and approved by resolution of each House of Parliament. "
2. This Act may be cited as the Harbours, Piers and Ferries
( Scotland) Act 1972, and the Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scot-
land ) Act 1937 and this Act maybe cited together as the Harbours,
Piers and Ferries ( Scotland ) Acts 1937 and 1972.
c .30 471
HONIS
DIEUET
YPENSE
DROIT
MON
Civil Evidence Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 30
An Act to make, for civil proceedings in England and
Wales, provision as to the admissibility in evidence of
statements of opinion and the reception of expert
evidence ; and to facilitate proof in such proceedings
of any law other than that of England and Wales.
[12th June 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, Part I ( hear- Application
say evidence) of the Civil Evidence Act 1968, except section 5 of Part I of
( statements produced by computers), shall apply in relation to Act 1968 to
Civil Evidence
statements of opinion as it applies in relation to statements of statements
fact, subject to the necessary modifications and in particular the of opinion.
modification that any reference to a fact stated in a statement 1968 c. 64.
shall be construed as a reference to a matter dealt with therein.
( 2) Section 4 (admissibility of certain records) of the Civil
Evidence Act 1968, as applied by subsection ( 1) above, shall not
render admissible in any civil proceedings a statement of opinion
contained in a record unless that statement would be admissible
in those proceedings if made in the course of giving oral
evidence by the person who originally supplied the information
from which the record was compiled ; but where a statement
of opinion contained in a record deals with a matter on which
the person who originally supplied the information from which
the record was compiled is (or would if living be ) qualified to
give oral expert evidence, the said section 4, as applied by
472 Civil Evidence Act 1972
c .30
subsection ( 1 ) above, shall have effect in relation to that state-
ment as if so much of subsection ( 1) of that section as requires
personal knowledge on the part of that person were omitted.
Rules of court
2.- (1) If and so far as rules of court so provide, subsection
with respect to ( 2 ) of section 2 of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 ( which imposes
expert reports oral
restrictions on the giving of a statement in evidence by virtue of
expert
that section on behalf of a party who has called or intends to
evidence.
call as a witness the maker of the statement ) shall not apply to
1968 с. 64.
statements (whether of fact or opinion ) contained in expert
reports .
( 2) In so far as they relate to statements ( whether of fact or
opinion ) contained in expert reports, rules of court made in pur-
suance of subsection ( 1) of section 8 of the Civil Evidence Act
1968 as to the procedure to be followed and the other conditions
to be fulfilled before a statement can be given in evidence in
civil proceedings by virtue of section 2 of that Act (admissibility
of out - of - court statements) shall not be subject to the require-
ments of subsection ( 2) of the said section 8 (which specifies
certain matters of procedure for which provision must ordinarily
be made by rules of court made in pursuance of the said sub-
section ( 1)) .
( 3) Notwithstanding any enactment or rule of law by virtue
of which documents prepared for the purpose of pending or
contemplated civil proceedings or in connection with the obtain-
ing or giving of legal advice are in certain circumstances
privileged from disclosure, provision may be made by rules of
court-
( a) for enabling the court in any civil proceedings to direct,
with respect to medical matters or matters of any other
class which may be specified in the direction, that the
parties or some of them shall each by such date as may
be so specified (or such later date as may be permitted
or agreed in accordance with the rules) disclose to the
other or others in the form of one or more expert
reports the expert evidence on matters of that class
which he proposes to adduce as part of his case at the
trial ; and
( b) for prohibiting a party who fails to comply with a
direction given in any such proceedings under rules of
court made by virtue of paragraph (a ) above from
adducing in evidence by virtue of section 2 of the
Civil Evidence Act 1968 (admissibility of out- of-
court statements), except with the leave of the court,
any statement (whether of fact or opinion) contained in
any expert report whatsoever in so far as that state-
ment deals with matters of any class specified in the
direction.
Civil Evidence Act 1972 473
c . 30
( 4 ) Provision may be made by rules of court as to the condi-
tions subject to which oral expert evidence may be given in civil
proceedings.
( 5) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 4 )
above, rules of court made in pursuance of that subsection
may make provision for prohibiting a party who fails to
comply with a direction given as mentioned in subsection (3) (b)
above from adducing, except with the leave of the court, any
oral expert evidence whatsoever with respect to matters of any
class specified in the direction.
( 6) Any rules of court made in pursuance of this section
may make different provision for different classes of cases, for
expert reports dealing with matters of different classes, and for
other different circumstances .
( 7 ) References in this section to an expert report are references
to a written report by a person dealing wholly or mainly with
matters on which he is (or would if living be ) qualified to give
expert evidence.
( 8) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall
prejudice the generality of section 99 of the Supreme Court 1925 c. 49.
of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925, section 102 of the
County Courts Act 1959, section 15 of the Justices of the Peace 1959 c. 22.
Act 1949 or any other enactment conferring power to make 1949 c. 101 .
rules of court ; and nothing in section 101 of the said Act of
1925, section 102( 2) of the County Courts Act 1959 or any other
enactment restricting the matters with respect to which rules
of court may be made shall prejudice the making of rules of
court in pursuance of this section or the operation of any rules
of court so made.
3.- (1 ) Subject to any rules of court made in pursuance of Admissibility
Part I of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 or this Act, where a ofexpert
opinion and
person is called as a witness in any civil proceedings, his opinion certain
on any relevant matter on which he is qualified to give expert expressions of
evidence shall be admissible in evidence. non-expert
opinion.
( 2) It is hereby declared that where a person is called as a 1968 c. 64.
witness in any civil proceedings, a statement of opinion by him
on any relevant matter on which he is not qualified to give
expert evidence, if made as a way of conveying relevant facts
personally perceived by him, is admissible as evidence of what
heperceived.
( 3) In this section " relevant matter " includes an issue in the
proceedings in question.
c.30
474 Civil Evidence Act 1972
Evidence of
foreign law. 4.-( 1) It is hereby declared that in civil proceedings a person
who is suitably qualified to do so on account of his knowledge
or experience is competent to give expert evidence as to the
law of any country or territory outside the United Kingdom,
or of any part of the United Kingdom other than England and
Wales, irrespective of whether he has acted or is entitled to act
as a legal practitioner there.
( 2) Where any question as to the law of any country or terri-
tory outside the United Kingdom, or of any part of the United
Kingdom other than England and Wales, with respect to any
matter has been determined (whether before or after the
passing of this Act ) in any such proceedings as are mentioned
in subsection ( 4 ) below, then in any civil proceedings ( not being
proceedings before a court which can take judicial notice of
the law of that country, territory or part with respect to that
matter )-
(a ) any finding made or decision given on that question
in the first -mentioned proceedings shall, if reported
or recorded in citable form, be admissible in evidence
for the purpose of proving the law of that country,
territory or part with respect to that matter ; and
( b) if that finding or decision, as so reported or recorded,
is adduced for that purpose, the law of that country,
territory or part with respect to that matter shall be
taken to be in accordance with that finding or decision
unless the contrary is proved :
Provided that paragraph ( b) above shall not apply in the
case of a finding or decision which conflicts with another finding
or decision on the same question adduced by virtue of this
subsection in the same proceedings.
( 3) Except with the leave of the court, a party to any civil
proceedings shall not be permitted to adduce any such finding
or decision as is mentioned in subsection ( 2) above by virtue
of that subsection unless he has in accordance with rules of
court given to every other party to the proceedings notice that
he intends to do so.
( 4 ) The proceedings referred to in subsection ( 2 ) above are
the following, whether civil or criminal, namely-
( a) proceedings at first instance in any of the following
courts, namely the High Court, the Crown Court, a
court of quarter sessions, the Court of Chancery of
the county palatine of Lancaster and the Court of
Chancery of the county palatine of Durham ;
(b) appeals arising out of any such proceedings as are
mentioned in paragraph (a) above ;
Civil Evidence Act 1972 475
c. 30
( c) proceedings before the Judicial Committee of the Privy
Council on appeal ( whether to Her Majesty in Council
or to the Judicial Committee as such) from any decision
of any court outside the United Kingdom.
( 5) For the purposes of this section a finding or decision on
any such question as is mentioned in subsection (2) above shall
be taken to be reported or recorded in citable form if, but
only if, it is reported or recorded in writing in a report, tran-
script or other document which, if that question had been a
question as to the law of England and Wales, could be cited
as an authority in legal proceedings in England and Wales .
5.- (1) In this Act " civil proceedings " and " court " have Interpretation ,
the meanings assigned by section 18(1 ) and ( 2 ) of the Civil application to
arbitrations
Evidence Act 1968 .
etc. and
savings .
( 2 ) Subsections (3) and ( 4) of section 10 of the Civil Evidence
1968 с. 64.
Act 1968 shall apply for the purposes of the application of
sections 2 and 4 of this Act in relation to any such civil pro-
ceedings as are mentioned in section 18 ( 1)(a) and (b) of that
Act (that is to say civil proceedings before a tribunal other than
one of the ordinary courts of law, being proceedings in relation
to which the strict rules of evidence apply, and an arbitration
or reference, whether under an enactment or not ) as they apply
for the purposes of the application of Part I of that Act in
relation to any such civil proceedings .
( 3) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice-
(a) any power of a court, in any civil proceedings, to ex-
clude evidence ( whether by preventing questions from
being put or otherwise ) at its discretion ; or
( b) the operation of any agreement (whenever made)
between the parties to any civil proceedings as to the
evidence which is to be admissible (whether generally
or for any particular purpose) in those proceedings .
6. (1) This Act may be cited as the Civil Evidence Act 1972. Short title,
extent and
( 2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland. commence-
ment.
( 3) This Act, except sections 1 and 4( 2) to ( 5 ), shall come
into force on 1st January 1973, and sections 1 and 4(2) to (5)
shall come into force on such day as the Lord Chancellor may
by order made by statutory instrument appoint ; and different
days may be so appointed for different purposes or for the same
purposes in relation to different courts or proceedings or other-
wise in relation to different circumstances.
с .31 477
DIEUET
PENSE
+ MONDROLL
Sound Broadcasting
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 31
An Act to extend the functions of the Independent Tele-
visionAuthority, renamed the IndependentBroadcasting
Authority, so as to include the provision of local
sound broadcasting services, and to amend and supple-
ment the Television Act 1964 for the purpose of so
extending the functions of the Authority; and for
purposes connected with those matters. [ 12th June 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.-( 1) The authority constituted in accordance with section 1 Independent
of the Television Act 1964 ( in this Act referred to as " the Television Authority to
principal Act ") under the name of the Independent Television be renamed
Authority shall as from the commencement of this Act be known Independent
as the Independent Broadcasting Authority. Broadcasting
Authority.
(2) Without prejudice to any express amendment made by 1964 c. 21 .
this Act, where in any enactment passed before this Act, or in
any statutory instrument having effect by virtue of such an enact-
ment, reference is made to that authority by the name of the
Independent Television Authority, the name " Independent
Broadcasting Authority " shall be substituted for that name.
2.- ( 1 ) The broadcasting services to be provided by the Provision by
Independent Broadcasting Authority (in the following provisions Authority of
66 local soundof this Act referred to as the Authority ") under section 1( 3) broadcasting
of the principal Act (which confers on the Authority, until services.
c.31
478 Sound Broadcasting Act 1972
Local
advisory committees
forlocal
sound
broadcasts.
31st July 1976, the function of providing television broadcasting
services additional to those of the British Broadcasting Corpora-
tion ) shall include local sound broadcasting services.
( 2) Subject to the modifications and exceptions specified in
this Act, the provisions of the principal Act relating to pro-
gramme contractors, and the other provisions of that Act, shall
have effect in relation to the Authority's local sound broadcasting
services as they have effect in relation to the Authority's
television broadcasting services.
( 3) In this Act " local sound broadcast " means a programme
which is broadcast (otherwise than as part of a television broad-
cast ) from a station so constructed and operated as to have a
range of transmission limited to that which is sufficient, in
normal circumstances, to ensure adequate reception throughout
a particular locality, or from two or more stations so constructed
and operated as to have collectively such a range of transmission,
and " local sound broadcasting services " means services con-
sisting of programmes so broadcast ; and, where a programme is
so broadcast, the fact that-
( a) as so broadcast it is received outside that particular
locality, or
(b) it is also broadcast ( whether simultaneously or not ) from
one or more other stations for reception in other
localities,
shall not prevent it from being regarded as a local sound
broadcast within the meaning of this Act.
( 4) Any reference in this Act to a contract for the provision
by a programme contractor of local sound broadcasts shall be
construed as including a reference to a contract which is-
( a) partly for the provision by that contractor of local sound
broadcasts for reception in a particular locality, and
(b) partly for the provision of news, information, music
or other material to be supplied to other programme
contractors for the purposes of local sound broadcasts
to be provided by them ;
but, in relation to any such contract, the locality, where the
reference is to the provision of local sound broadcasts for
reception in a particular locality, shall be taken to be the locality
referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection.
3. The following section shall be inserted in the principal
Act after section 9 (advisory committees) : -
" 9A. ( 1 ) In addition to the committees which are to
be, or may be, appointed under section 9 of this Act,
the Authority shall appoint local advisory committees in
с. 31
Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 479
respect of all the localities for which local sound broad-
casting services are provided by the Authority ; and each
such committee shall be appointed for an area consisting
either of one such locality or of two or more such
localities.
( 2 ) Subject to the next following subsection, each such
committee (in this section referred to as a ' local com-
mittee ') -
( a ) shall be so constituted, and
( b) shall consist of persons selected by reference to
such qualifications,
as in the opinion of the Authority would be appropriate
for reflecting, so far as is reasonably practicable, the range
of tastes and interests of persons residing in the area for
which the committee is appointed (in this section referred
to, in relation to a local committee, as its area) .
( 3) For each local committee the Authority shall invite
the appropriate local authorities (either jointly or separately)
to nominate persons with a view to their being appointed
as members of the committee ; and (unless the number of
eligible persons so nominated for a local committee is
insufficient for the purpose ) the Authority shall appoint at
least one- third of the members of each local committee
from among persons so nominated.
( 4 ) Before appointing a person to be a member of a local
committee the Authority shall satisfy themselves that he-
( a ) will have no financial or other interest in any
advertising agency, and
(b) will have no such other financial or other interest
in advertising as is in the opinion of the Authority
likely to prejudice his independence as a member
of that committee,
and the Authority shall also satisfy themselves from time
to time that each member of a local committee has no such
interest as is described in paragraph (a ) or paragraph (b) of
this subsection ; and in subsection ( 3) of this section
' eligible persons ' means persons in respect of whom the
Authority are satisfied that they have no such interest.
( 5) The function of a local committee shall be to give
to the Authority, with respect to the conduct of their local
sound broadcasting services for the area of the committee,
such advice as in the opinion of the committee would be
appropriate for reflecting, so far as is reasonably prac-
ticable, the range of tastes and interests of persons residing
in that area.
c .31
480 Sound Broadcasting Act 1972
1972 c. 9 ( N.I.) .
Television
and sound
broadcasting
tobe
separately
financed by
Authority.
( 6 ) In this section ' appropriate local authority ' , in
relation to a local committee, means a local authority
whose area consists of or includes the whole or part of the
area of that committee, and ' local authority'-
( a) in relation to England and Wales, means any of the
following, that is to say, the Greater London
Council, the council of a county, county borough
or county district, the council of a London
borough, the Common Council of the City of
London and the Council of the Isles of Scilly ;
( b) in relation to Scotland, means the council of a
county, county of a city, large burgh or small
burgh ; and
( c ) in relation to Northern Ireland, means any of the
following, that is to say, the council of a county,
county or other borough, or urban or rural dis-
trict , a new town or development commission
exercising the functions of any such council and
a district council within the meaning of the Local
Government Act (Northern Ireland ) 1972. "
4. The following section shall be inserted in the principal
Act immediately before section 21 : -
" 20A .-( 1 ) The provision by the Authority of television
broadcasting services, and the provision by them of local
sound broadcasting services, shall for financial purposes
constitute separate branches of their undertaking ; and
references in this Act to a branch of the Authority's under-
taking shall be construed accordingly.
( 2) For each branch of their undertaking it shall be the
duty of the Authority so to conduct their affairs as to secure
that their revenues from that branch become at the earliest
possible date, and thereafter continue, at least sufficient-
( a ) to meet all sums properly chargeable to revenue
account in respect of that branch of their under-
taking (including sums which, for the purposes of
that branch, are required for the repayment of
loans and interest thereon, for provision for depre-
ciation and for the establishment and maintenance
of the reserve fund for that branch) ; and
( b ) to make provision towards, and as soon as prac-
ticable for, necessary capital expenditure for the
purposes of that branch of their undertaking.
( 3) In the case of that branch of their undertaking which
consists of the provision of local sound broadcasting ser-
vices, subsection (2) of this section shall have effect without
c. 31
Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 481
prejudice to any duty of the Authority under section 5
of the Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 .
( 4 ) For each branch of their undertaking the Authority
shall establish and maintain a reserve fund ; and, subject
to the following provisions of this section, the management
of that fund, the sums to be carried from time to time to
the credit of the fund, and the application of the fund, shall
be as the Authority may determine .
(5 ) No part of either of those funds shall be applied
otherwise than for the purposes of the branch of the
Authority's undertaking for which the fund was established.
(6) The Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury,
give to the Authority such directions as he may think fit
as to any matter relating to the establishment or manage-
ment of either of those funds, the carrying of sums to the
credit thereof, or the application thereof, and the Authority
shall comply with the directions . "
5.-( 1 ) Where, before the beginning of a financial year, it Rental
appears to the Minister, after consultation with the Authority, payments
to be appropriate to do so, having regard- by sound
programme
(a ) to the amount which (after making due provision contractors.
towards or for capital expenditure required for the
proper discharge, in relation to local sound broadcast-
ing services, of the duties of the Authority under
section 1 (3) and ( 4) of the principal Act) is likely to
be the amount of the relevant expenditure for that
year, and
( b) to the need for securing that excessive profits do not
accrue to programme contractors under contracts for
the provision of local sound broadcasts,
the Minister, with the consent of the Treasury, may before the
beginning of that year make an order under this subsection
in respect of that financial year.
(2) Any such order made in respect of a financial year shall
specify an amount (in this subsection referred to as " the specified
amount ") by which the relevant revenues for that year ought to
exceed the relevant expenditure for that year, and shall require
the Authority-
( a ) to determine what aggregate amount of relevant
revenues for that year they regard as necessary to
ensure that those revenues exceed the relevant expendi-
ture by the specified amount ;
(b) to determine, in the case of each programme contractor
with whom the Authority enter into a contract for the
provision of local sound broadcasts, what amount in the
Q
c. 31
482 Sound Broadcasting Act 1972
opinion of the Authority represents his appropriate
contribution for that year towards meeting that aggre-
gate amount ;
( c) so to exercise their powers under their contract with
each such programme contractor as to ensure that the
payments made for that year by that contractor are
not less than the amount so determined as representing
his appropriate contribution, or ( if there are circum-
stances which in the opinion of the Authority make it
impracticable for those payments to be equal to the
amount so determined) are as near to that amount as
in the opinion of the Authority those circumstances
permit ; and
( d ) to pay into the Consolidated Fund for that year a sum
equal to the specified amount or to the amount by
which the relevant revenues for that year exceed the
relevant expenditure, whichever is the lesser amount.
(3) Any order made under subsection ( 1) of this section in
respect of a financial year may, by a further order made by the
Minister after consultation with the Authority and with the
consent of the Treasury,--
(a ) be revoked, or
( b) be varied by substituting a lesser amount for the amount
specified in that order,
and any such further order may be made either before or after
the beginning of the financial year to which it relates.
( 4 ) In making their contracts with programme contractors for
the provision of local sound broadcasts, it shall be the duty of the
Authority to require those contracts to include such provisions,
with respect to the payments to be made by the contractors, as
in the opinion of the Authority will ensure that the Authority
will be in a position to comply with any order made under this
section.
( 5) Every such contract as is mentioned in subsection ( 4)
of this section shall impose on the contractor such requirements,
with respect to the furnishing of information to the Authority,
as appear to the Authority, after consultation with the Minister,
to be requisite for enabling the Authority to furnish to the
Minister such information as he may require for the purpose
of determining at any time—
(a ) whether an order should be made under subsection ( 1 )
or subsection (3) of this section, and
c.31
Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 483
( b ) in the case of an order to be made under subsection
(1) or subsection ( 3) (b) of this section, what amount
should be specified in the order,
and for enabling the Authority to comply with any order made
under this section ; and the Authority shall furnish to the Minis-
ter such information (whether obtained from contractors or
otherwise) as is in their possession and is required by the
Minister for any such purpose as is mentioned in this subsection.
( 6) In respect of local sound broadcasts, programme contrac-
tors shall not be required to make such additional payments as
are mentioned in section 13( 1)( b ) of the principal Act (which
relates to additional payments determined by reference to
advertising receipts) ; and section 14 of that Act ( which con-
tains provisions relating to those additional payments ) shall
not have effect in relation to contracts between the Authority
and programme contractors in so far as they relate to local
sound broadcasts.
( 7) Any power to make an order under this section shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument ; and no such order shall
be made unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parlia-
ment and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament .
( 8) In this section " the relevant expenditure ", in relation to
any financial year, means the aggregate of the sums which, for
the purposes of the branch of the Authority's undertaking which
consists of the provision of local sound broadcasting services ,
are required in respect of that year-
( a ) to meet all such sums as are mentioned in subsection
( 2) (a) of section 20A of the principal Act, and
(b ) to make such provision towards or for capital expendi-
ture as the Authority propose to make as mentioned
in subsection (2 ) (b) of that section,
and " relevant revenues " , in relation to any financial year,
means revenues of the Authority for that year which are attribu-
table to that branch of their undertaking.
6 .- (1) In section 10 of the principal Act ( duties of Preservation of
Authority in relation to contracts for programmes) the following independence
subsections shall be substituted for subsection (2) : —
ofbroadcasting
contractors.
" ( 1A) The Authority shall not enter into any contract
with a programme contractor whereby (whether by virtue
of that contract alone or by virtue of that contract together
with one or more other contracts) the contractor is to pro-
vide television programmes for an area and is to provide
local sound broadcasts for reception in a locality which, in
the opinion of the Authority, is comprised in that area.
Q2
c. 31
484 Sound Broadcasting Act 1972
( 2) It shall be the duty of the Authority to do all that
they can to secure-
(a ) that persons who are disqualified persons as defined
in subsection (3) or subsection (3A ) of this section
do not become or continue as programme con-
tractors, either alone or in partnership with other
persons, and
(b) that there is adequate competition to supply pro-
grammes between a number of programme con-
tractors independent of each other both as to
finance and as to control. "
( 2 ) After subsection (2 ) of that section there shall be inserted
the following subsection: -
" ( 2A ) In the performance of their duty under subsection
( 2) (b) of this section the Authority shall do all that they
can to secure-
( a ) that no programme contractor with whom the
Authority enter into a contract for the provision
of television programmes for an area, and no
associate of such a programme contractor, has,
or during the period of the contract will acquire,
control over any programme contractor with whom
the Authority enter into a contract for the pro-
vision of local sound broadcasts for reception in
any locality which in the opinion of the Authority
is comprised in that area, and
( b) that no programme contractor with whom the
Authority enter into a contract for the provision
of local sound broadcasts for reception in a
particular locality, and no associate of such a
programme contractor, has, or during the period
of the contract will acquire, control over any pro-
gramme contractor with whom the Authority enter
into a contract for the provision of television pro-
grammes for an area which in the opinion of the
Authority includes that locality. "
( 3) In subsection (3) of that section, after the words " dis-
qualified person " there shall be inserted the words " in relation
to contracts for the provision of television programmes " ; and
after that subsection there shall be inserted the following
subsection : -
“ ( 3A ) In subsection ( 2) (a) of this section ' disqualified
person ' , in relation to contracts for the provision of local
sound broadcasts, means a person who either falls within
paragraph (a) , paragraph ( b) or paragraph (c ) of sub-
section (3) of this section or, being an individual or a
c. 31
Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 485
body corporate, carries on ( whether alone or in partner-
ship) a business which (either wholly, or to an extent which
in the opinion of the Authority is substantial)—
(a) consists of the manufacture of records or of the
publication of musical works, or
(b) consists of promoting the broadcasting of sound
recordings or of promoting the broadcasting or
performance of musical works, or
(c ) consists of obtaining employment for theatrical
performers or for persons to take part as per-
formers in programmes broadcast (whether by the
Authority or otherwise) by way of television or
sound broadcasting,
or has control over any body corporate which carries on
such a business, or is a director or officer of any such body
corporate, or is employed by any person who carries on
such a business ."
(4) After subsection ( 4 ) of that section there shall be added
the following subsection : -
" (5) In this section-
(a) ' record ' and ' sound recording ' have the same
meanings as in the Copyright Act 1956, and 1956 с. 74.
references to the publication, broadcasting or
performance of musical works shall be construed
as if they were contained in that Act ; and
(b) theatrical performer ' has the same meaning as in
the Theatrical Employers Registration Act 1925." 1925 c. 50.
7.-( 1 ) Before entering into a sound programme contract the Accumulation
Authority shall seek to ascertain- of interests
in sound
(a) whether the person or any of the persons with whom programme
the contract is proposed to be made is (either alone or contracts
in partnership with one or more other persons) entitled
to the benefit of one or more existing sound programme
contracts, and
(b) where the person or any of the persons with whom the
contract is proposed to be made is a body corporate,
whether that body corporate, or any associate of that
body corporate, or any participant in that body cor-
porate or in any such associate, is a person or one
of the persons entitled to the benefit of one or more
existing sound programme contracts, or is a participant
in a body corporate so entitled or included among the
persons so entitled or in an associate of a body cor-
porate so entitled or so included,
and, having regard to any matters ascertained by them under
this subsection, the Authority shall consider whether, if the
Q3
с.31
486 Sound Broadcasting Act 1972
proposed contract were made, any one person would, in any
one or more of the capacities mentioned in paragraphs (a) and
( b) of this subsection or in any combination of any such capa-
cities, have an aggregate interest in the benefit of two or more
sound programme contracts.
( 2) If, in the circumstances mentioned in the preceding sub-
section, it appears to the Authority that a person would have
such an aggregate interest and that, having regard to-
( a) the nature and extent of that aggregate interest, and
( b) any other circumstances appearing to the Authority to
be material,
the existence of that aggregate interest might prejudice the per-
formance by the Authority of any duty imposed on them by
this Act, or imposed on them in relation to local sound broad-
casting services by the principal Act, the Authority shall refrain
from entering into the proposed contract.
( 3) In this section " sound programme contract " means a
contract for the provision of local sound broadcasts, and " exist-
ing sound programme contract " , in relation to any contract
proposed to be entered into by the Authority, means a sound
programme contract which is in force at the time when the
Authority are considering entering into the proposed contract ;
and " participant ", in relation to a body corporate, means a
person who (whether alone or jointly with one or more other
persons, and whether directly or through one or more nominees)
holds or is beneficially entitled to not less than one-twentieth of
the shares in that body corporate.
Special
8.- ( 1 ) This section applies to any contract made between
provisions as
the Authority and a programme contractor, where the pro-
to newspaper
shareholdings gramme contractor is a body corporate and the contract requires
in relation to
local sound broadcasts to be provided by the contractor and
local sound
to be transmitted from one or more stations specified in the
broadcasts. contract.
( 2) Subject to the next following section, before the Authority
enter into a contract to which this section applies-
( a ) they shall consider, in relation to the locality served or
to be served by the station or stations to be specified
in the contract ( in this section referred to as " the
relevant locality ") , whether there is any newspaper
which circulates wholly or mainly in that locality and
is a newspaper in respect of which the appropriate
conditions are fulfilled, and
( b) the Authority shall fix a date before which representa-
tions may be made to the Authority under subsection
Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 с .31 487.
( 4 ) of this section and shall cause notice of that date
to be given or published as may appear to the Auth-
ority to be appropriate for bringing it to the attention
of persons who in their opinion are likely to be
affected by it.
(3) For the purposes of this section the appropriate conditions
shall be taken to be fulfilled in respect of a newspaper if it has
in the relevant locality a circulation which, in the opinion of the
Authority, represents a substantial proportion of the population
of that locality, unless the Authority are satisfied that the broad-
casting of the programmes to be provided under the contract
in question is unlikely to have a materially adverse effect on the
financial position of the newspaper.
( 4 ) The appropriate conditions shall also be taken for the
purposes of this section to be fulfilled in respect of a newspaper
if , on representations being made to the Authority by or on
behalf of the proprietor of the newspaper before the date fixed
under subsection (2)(b) of this section, the Authority are satisfied
that (notwithstanding that its circulation falls short of the pro-
portion mentioned in subsection (3) of this section) the broad-
casting of the programmes to be provided under the contract in
question is likely to have a materially adverse effect on the
financial position of the newspaper.
(5 ) Where it appears to the Authority that the appropriate
conditions are fulfilled in respect of a newspaper, then, subject
to the next following section, the Authority shall not enter into
the contract unless they are satisfied that
( a) arrangements have been made for enabling the pro-
prietor of the newspaper to acquire, on terms approved
by the Authority, a shareholding consisting of such
number of shares of such descriptions as may be so
approved, and
( b) either the acquisition of the shareholding has been
completed, or it will be completed within a reasonable
time, or the proprietor of the newspaper has declined
to acquire it on the terms approved by the Authority.
(6) The number and description of shares to be approved for
the purposes of any such arrangements-
( a ) in the case of a newspaper which is the only local news-
paper circulating in the relevant locality, or the only
local newspaper having a substantial circulation in
that locality, shall not be such as to enable the pro-
prietor of the newspaper to obtain control over the
programme contractor, but
Q4
с.31
488 Sound Broadcasting Act 1972
(b) in any other case, or (in a case falling within the pre-
ceding paragraph) to such extent as is consistent with
that paragraph, shall be such as the Authority consider
appropriate, having regard to the adverse effect which
the broadcasting of the programmes to be provided
under the contract in question is likely to have on the
financial position of the newspaper.
( 7) Any terms approved by the Authority under subsection
(5)(a) of this section shall be such as, in the opinion of the
Authority, will enable the shareholding to be acquired at a
price not exceeding its current market value or (if it has no
current market value) a price not exceeding a fair valuation of
the shareholding.
( 8) In this and the next following section " newspaper " does
not include any publication which is not printed for sale or
which is published at intervals of more than seven days, and
66
shareholding " , in relation to a programme contractor which
is a body corporate, means a holding of shares in that body
corporate.
Provisions
9.--(1 ) Notwithstanding anything in section 8 of this Act, the
supplementary Authority shall not require arrangements to be made in relation
to section 8. to a newspaper as mentioned in subsection ( 5 ) of that section
if it is their opinion that it would be contrary to the public
interest for the proprietor of that newspaper to acquire a share-
holding in accordance with subsection (6) of that section, and
the Minister concurs in that opinion .
( 2 ) Every contract to which that section applies shall include
provisions whereby, if during the currency of the contract
arrangements are made for extending (otherwise than by way
of any minor modification) the range of transmission of pro-
grammes to be provided under the contract, whether by an
alteration in the construction or operation of one or more
stations or by the addition of one or more stations or otherwise ,
subsections (2) to (7) of that section and subsection ( 1) of this
section shall have effect in relation to those arrangements as if
they were a contract to which that section applies .
(3) The Authority shall not be required to act in accordance
with subsections (2) to ( 7) of section 8 of this Act in connec-
tion with the making of a contract with a programme contractor
if-
( a) the contract is to specify the same station as was, or the
same stations as were, specified in a previous contract
to which that section applied (whether the previous
contract was with the same programme contractor or a
different programme contractor), and
c. 31
Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 489
( b) the range or aggregate range of transmission of broad-
casts under the new contract is not to be greater
( otherwise than by way of any minor modification)
than under the previous contract.
( 4 ) Where subsection ( 3) of this section applies, it shall not
be construed as precluding the Authority from requiring such
arrangements as are mentioned in subsections (5) to (7) of
section 8 of this Act to be made in connection with the new
contract in respect of a newspaper whose proprietor acquired
a shareholding in accordance with such arrangements in connec-
tion with the previous contract, if it appears to the Authority
that by reason of special circumstances it would be just and
equitable to do so.
10.-( 1 ) Where the Authority enter into a contract with a Information as
programme contractor for the provision of local sound broad- to programme
casts to be transmitted from one or more stations, the Authority contracts and
shall, on request made by any person and on payment by him applications
for such
of such sum (if any) as the Authority may reasonably require, contracts .
furnish to that person such one or more of the following as may
be specified in the request, that is to say-
(a ) a copy of that contract ;
(b) a statement of the number of applications ( if any)
received by the Authority for a programme contract
for the provision of local sound broadcasts to be trans-
mitted from that station or those stations, other than
the application received from the contractor with whom
the contract is made ; and
(c) subject to the next following subsection, a copy of so
much of that contractor's application for such a con-
tract as related to the character of the local sound
broadcasts which he proposed to provide if his
application were accepted by the Authority.
( 2 ) The Authority shall not be required by virtue of the
preceding subsection to furnish to any person such a copy as
is mentioned in paragraph (c) of that subsection until after local
sound broadcasts provided by the contractor under the contract
in question have begun to be transmitted by the Authority.
11.- ( 1) For the purpose of enabling the Authority to defray Advances to
expenditure properly attributable to capital account in respect Authority
of the provision of local sound broadcasting services, and for for purposes
of local sound
the purpose of furnishing the Authority with working capital broadcasting ,
in connection with those services , the Minister may with the and
consent of the Treasury make advances to the Authority out of administrative
moneys provided by Parliament.
expenses.
с .31
490 Sound Broadcasting Act 1972
( 2) The aggregate amount outstanding by way of principal in
respect of sums advanced to the Authority under this section
shall not at any time exceed £2 million.
( 3) Any sums advanced under this section shall be repaid to
the Minister at such times and by such methods, and interest on
those sums shall be paid to him at such times and at such rates,
as he may from time to time direct with the consent of the
Treasury.
( 4 ) All sums received by the Minister in pursuance of sub-
section (3) of this section shall be paid into the Consolidated
Fund.
1964 с. 98.
1969 с. 48.
(5) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parlia-
ment any increase attributable to this Act in the sums so
payable under paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 to the Ministers of
the Crown Act 1964 (which relates to expenses of Ministers)
as applied by section 2 of the Post Office Act 1969 .
Minor and
12. Without prejudice to the amendments made by the
consequential preceding provisions of this Act , the principal Act shall have
amendments effect subject to the amendments specified in Schedule 1 to this
and repeals. Act ( being minor amendments or amendments consequential
upon the preceding provisions of this Act) ; and the provisions
of that Act specified in Schedule 2 to this Act are hereby repealed
to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.
Short title,
13.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Sound Broadcasting Act
citation ,
1972 ; and the Television Act 1964 and this Act may be cited
interpretation, together as the Television and Sound Broadcasting Acts 1964
extent and
and 1972.
commence-
ment.
( 2 ) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, expres-
1964 с. 21 .
sions to which a meaning is assigned by the principal Act have
the same meanings in this Act as in that Act.
(3) Any reference in this Act to an enactment shall, except
in so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as a
reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or under
any other enactment ; and, in particular, any reference in this
Act to any provisions of the principal Act shall, where the case
so requires, be construed as a reference-
( a) to those provisions as amended or extended by or under
any other enactment, including this Act, or
( b ) to those provisions as inserted in the principal Act
( whether in substitution for other provisions or not ) by
thisAct.
( 4 ) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern
Ireland.
c. 31
Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 491
( 5) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that all or
any of the provisions of this Act , or of the principal Act as
amended by this Act, shall extend to the Isle of Man or any of
the Channel Islands, with such adaptations and modifications
(if any ) as may be specified in the Order ; and any Order in
Council under this subsection may be revoked or varied by a
subsequent Order in Council.
(6 ) This Act shall come into operation at the end of the
period of one month beginning with the day on which it is
passed .
492 Sound Broadcasting Act 1972
с.31
Section 12. SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS OF TELEVISION
Аст 1964
Provision
of Act
Section 1
...
Section 2
...
Section 3...
Section 4 ...
Amendment
In subsection (1), for the word " Television " there
shall be substituted the word " Broadcasting " ; in
subsection (3), after the word " television " there
shall be inserted the words " and local sound ", and
after the word " additional " there shall be inserted
the words " in each case "; and in subsection ( 4),
after the word " television " there shall be inserted
the words " and local sound " and, in paragraph (c),
after the word " showing " there shall be inserted the
words " or (as the case may be) hearing " .
In subsection (1)( b), after the word " television " there
shall be inserted the words " and sound " ; and in
subsection (5), after the words " television services ",
in the first place where they occur, there shall be
inserted the words " and local sound broadcasting
66
services ", after the words broadcasting of any
matters in sound only " there shall be inserted the
words " otherwise than as part of a local sound
broadcast " , and in the proviso, after the word
"
any ", in the first place where it occurs, there shall
be inserted the word " television ".
In subsection (1), the word " and ", where it occurs at
the end ofparagraph ( d ), shall be omitted, and after
that paragraph there shall be inserted the following
paragraph: -
“( dd ) in the case of local sound broadcasting
services, that the programmes broadcast from
different stations for reception in different
localities do not consist of identical or similar
material to an extent inconsistent with the
character of the services as local sound
broadcasting services; and " .
In paragraph (a) of subsection (1), after the word
" violence " there shall be inserted the words " and
in regard to the inclusion in local sound broadcasts
of sounds suggestive of violence ", and after the
word " watching " , in the first place where it occurs,
there shall be inserted the words 66or listening to "
and, in the second place where it occurs, there shall
be inserted the words " or listening".
с . 31
Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 493
Provision
ofAct
Section 5...
Amendment
The following subsection shall be substituted for
subsection ( 1) : —
"(1) In the case of programmes other than
advertisements, the methods by which the
Authority discharge their duties under section 1( 4)
and section 4 of this Act in relation to television
broadcasts shall, and in relation to local sound
broadcasts (to such extent as the Authority
consider appropriate ) may, include the considera-
tion of programme schedules submitted by pro-
gramme contractors to the Authority for approval
in accordance with this section; and, subject to
subsection (5) of this section, no such programme
provided by a programme contractor-
(a ) if it is a television programme, or
( b ) if it is a local sound broadcast which the
Authority have required to be made in
accordance with a programme schedule
so approved,
shall be broadcast by the Authority unless it forms
part of a programme schedule so approved. "
Section 11 ... In subsection ( 6 ) the following paragraph shall be
substituted for paragraph (b) : -
" ( b ) that each of the programme contractors
with whom the Authority enter into contracts
for the provision of television programmes is
afforded opportunities of obtaining a financial
interest in that body or organisation or, if
there are two or more such bodies or organisa-
tions providing news for broadcasting in
the television programmes supplied to the
Authority by those contractors, is afforded
opportunities of obtaining a financial interest
in such of those bodies or organisations as
the Authority may in his case direct; and " .
Section 13 ... In subsection (1), after the words "
progranime con-
tractors ", in the first place where they occur, there
shall be inserted the words " for the provision of
television programmes ", and, in paragraph (a), after
the word " Authority ", in the first place where it
occurs, there shall be inserted the words " in relation
to the branch of their undertaking consisting of the
provision of television broadcasting services " , and
for the words " 21(1 ) of this Act " there shall be
substituted the words " 20A( 2) of this Act in relation
to that branch of their undertaking " .
Section 14 ...
In subsection (1), after the word " contractors ", in the
first place where it occurs, there shall be inserted the
words " for the provision of television programmes " ;
and in subsection ( 2 ), after the words " supply of "
there shall be inserted the word " television " .
SCH. 1
494 Sound Broadcasting Act 1972
c.31
SCH. 1 Provision
ofAct Amendment
Section 15 ... In subsection (1), for the words " his programmes ",
in each place where they occur, there shall be sub-
stituted the words " any comparable programme of
his ", and at the end of the section there shall be
added the following subsection :-
" ( 3) For the purposes of this section two
programmes shall be regarded as being comparable
ifeither-
(a ) both are television programmes, or
( b ) both are local sound broadcasts . "
Section 17 ... Section 18
Section 19...
Section 21...
Section 25 ... The word " television ", in each place where it occurs,
shall be omitted.
In subsection ( 8) the word " television " shall be
omitted.
In subsection (1), the word " television " shall be
omitted, and in subsection ( 2), for the words from
" unless " to the end of the subsection there shall be
substituted the words " where the transmission is
made more than seven days after that event ".
Subsections ( 1) and ( 2 ) shall be omitted; at the begin-
ning of subsection ( 3) there shall be inserted the
words " In the case of each branch of the Authority's
undertaking ( but subject , in the case of the branch
consisting of the provision of local sound broad-
casting services, to subsection ( 6 ) of this section )",
and for the words " subsection ( 2) of this section to
the reserve fund of the Authority " there shall be
substituted the words " section 20A( 4) of this Act
to the reserve fund established for that branch ";
and after subsection ( 4 ) there shall be added the
following subsections : -
" ( 5 ) A direction under subsection ( 3) of this
section shall not require any part of any excess of
the revenues of the Authority attributable to one
branch of their undertaking to be applied for the
purposes of the other branch of their undertaking.
( 6 ) In relation to the branch of their undertaking
which consists of the provision of local sound
broadcasting services, subsections ( 3) and ( 4 ) of
this section shall have effect in relation only to so
much (if any) of any such excess as is therein
mentioned as is not required for complying with
any direction given under section 5 of the Sound
Broadcasting Act 1972. "
After the word " one" there shall be inserted the word
" television ".
Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 495
c . 31
Provision
SCH. 1
of Act Amendment
Section 28 ... In subsection (1), before the definition of " broadcast
relay station " there shall be inserted the words
" ' associate ' in relation to a body corporate ( inclu-
ding a programme contractor which is a body
corporate ) means a body corporate which is a
member of the same group as that body corporate ;
and for this purpose any two bodies corporate are
to be treated as members of the same group if one
of them is a body corporate of which the other is a
subsidiary ( within the meaning of section 154 of the
Companies Act 1948 ) or if both of them are sub- 1948 с. 38.
sidiaries (within the meaning of that section) of one
and the same body corporate, " and after the defini-
tion of " financial year " there shall be inserted the
following: -
" " local sound broadcast ' and ' local sound
broadcasting services ' have the meanings
assigned to them by section 2( 3) of the Sound
Broadcasting Act 1972;
' the Minister ' means the Minister of Posts and
Telecommunications " ;
and after subsection ( 2 ) there shall be inserted the
following subsection : -
" ( 3) References in this Act to a contract for the
provision by a programme contractor of local
sound broadcasts shall be construed in accordance
with section 2 ( 4 ) of the Sound Broadcasting Act
1972."
Schedule 1 ... In paragraph 3( 3), after the words " this Act " there
"
shall be inserted the words or the Sound Broad-
casting Act 1972 " .
Schedule 2 ... In paragraph 9 the word " television " shall be omitted.
Chapter
1964 с. 21 .
SCHEDULE 2
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Television Act 1964. In section 3, in paragraph ( d )
of subsection (1), the word
" and" where it occurs at the
end of that paragraph .
In section 17, the word " tele-
vision" in each place where
it occurs.
In section 18, in subsection (8),
the word " television " .
Section 12.
c. 31
496 Sound Broadcasting Act 1972
SCH. 2
Chapter
1964 с. 21
cont .
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Television Act 1964 In section 19, in subsection ( 1),
-cont. the word " television " .
In section 21 , subsections ( 1 )
and ( 2 ).
In Schedule 2, in paragraph 9,
the word " television " .
c. 32 497
PENSE
DIEUET MON DROIT
ON
H
Performers' Protection
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 32
An Act to amend the Performers' Protection Acts 1958
and 1963 . [29th June 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1. The enactments specified in column 1 of the Schedule to Increase of
this Act ( being enactments creating the offences under the fines under
Performers' Protection Acts 1958 and 1963 broadly described in Performers'
Protection
column 2 of that Schedule ) shall each have effect as if the Acts 1958
maximum fine which may be imposed on summary conviction and 1963.
of any offence specified in that enactment were a fine not
exceeding the amount specified in column 4 of that Schedule
instead of a fine not exceeding the amount specified in column 3
of that Schedule.
2. Section 1 of the Dramatic and Musical Performers' Amendment
Protection Act 1958 (by which the making of records without of section 1 of
the consent of the performers and sales of , and other dealings Dramatic
and Musical
with, such records are rendered punishable ) shall have effect as Performers'
if after the word " transaction " there were inserted the words Protection
66
or, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term Act 1958.
not exceeding two years, or to a fine, or to both " . 1958 с. 44.
c. 32
498 Performers' Protection Act 1972
Amendment 3. In the Performers' Protection Act 1963 there shall be
of Performers' inserted after section 4 the following section :-
Protection
Act1963 .
"Offences
4A. Where an offence under the principal Act or
1963 с. 53.
bybodies
this Act committed by a body corporate is proved to
corporate.
have been committed with the consent or connivance
of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of ,
any director, manager, secretary or other similar
officer of the body corporate or any person who was
purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as
the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence
and shall be liable to be proceeded against and
punished accordingly. "
Citation, construction,
commence-
ment and
extent.
4.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Performers' Protection
Act 1972, and the Performers' Protection Acts 1958 and 1963
and this Act may be cited together as the Performers' Protection
Acts 1958 to 1972 .
( 2) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of the
period of one month beginning with the date of its passing, but
nothing in this Act shall affect the punishment for an offence
committed before the commencement of this Act.
( 3) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern
Ireland.
c. 32
Performers' Protection Act 1972 499
( 1 )
Enactment
( 2 )
Description
ofOffence
SCHEDU L'E
INCREASE OF FINES
( 3 )
Old
Maximum Fine
Section 1 .
( 4 )
New
Maximum Fine
The Dramatic
and Musical
Performers'
ProtectionAct
1958-
Section 1
1958 с. 44.
Making, etc. , records
without consent of
performers.
£2 for each record
in respect of
which an offence
is proved subject
to a limit of £50
in respect of any
one transaction.
£ 50
£20 for each record
in respect of
which an offence
is proved subject
to a limit of £ 400
in respect of any
one transaction.
£ 400
Section 2
Making, etc. , cinema-
tograph films with-
out consent of per-
formers.
Section 3 £ 50 £ 400
Broadcasting with-
out consent of per-
formers.
Section 4 £ 50 £ 400
Making or having
plates, etc. , for
making records in
contravention of
Act.
The Performers'
Protection Act
1963-
Section 3(1) ... Relaying perform- £ 50 £ 400
ances without con-
sent of performers.
Section 4 (1) ... Giving consent with- £ 50 £ 400
out authority.
1963 с. 53 .
с . 33 501
SINOH
DIEUET
PENSE
MONDROIT
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 33
An Act to amend the law relating to carriage by rail in
connection with certain international conventions, and
for purposes connected therewith.
[ 29th June 1972]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1.-( 1 ) The provisions of the Convention known as the Scheduled
Additional Convention to the International Convention concern- Convention
ing the Carriage of Passengers and Luggage by Rail ( in this Act to have the
force of law.
referred to as " the Additional Convention ") , as set out in the
Schedule to this Act, shall have the force of law in the United
Kingdom so far as they relate to the liability of railway under-
takings in respect of the death of or injury to passengers and
damage to or loss of articles which they have with them, and
shall have such effect notwithstanding anything in section 43(7)
of the Transport Act 1962 (terms on which passengers may be 1962 c. 46.
carried by rail) .
(2) If there is any inconsistency between the text in English
in Part I of the Schedule to this Act and the text in French in
Part II of that Schedule, the text in French shall prevail .
(3) In this Act the Convention referred to in paragraph 1 (a)
of article 1 in the Schedule to this Act is referred to as " the
Railway Passenger Convention " and the Convention referred to
in paragraph 1 (b) of that article is referred to as " the Railway
Freight Convention " .
( 4 ) In this Act " passengers " has the meaning assigned to it
by article 1 in the Schedule to this Act and any reference to
502 c .33
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
Designation of
Contracting
States.
Fatal
accidents.
1846 с. 93.
1959 с. 65.
things done in accordance with, or to rights conferred or pro
vision made by, the Railway Passenger Convention or the
Railway Freight Convention includes a reference to things
done in accordance with, or to rights conferred or provision
made by, a contract of carriage which incorporates the pro-
visions of the Railway Passenger Convention or the Railway
Freight Convention, as the case may require.
( 5) This section shall come into force on such day as Her
Majesty may by Order in Council certify to be the day on
which the Additional Convention comes into force as regards
the United Kingdom.
2.-( 1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council from time to
time certify who are the Contracting States for the purposes
of the Additional Convention.
(2) An Order in Council under this section may also certify
whether Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom or
any other Contracting State have made a declaration in accord-
ance with paragraph 2 of article 1 in the Schedule to this Act.
( 3) An Order in Council under this section shall, except so
far as it has been superseded by a subsequent Order, be
conclusive evidence of the matters so certified.
3.- ( 1) Without prejudice to article 18 in the Schedule to this
Act, where, by virtue of paragraph 2 of article 3 in that Schedule
any person has a right of action in respect of the death of a
passenger, by reason of his being a person whom the passenger
was under a legally enforceable duty to maintain, -
( a) no action in respect of the passenger's death may be
brought for the benefit of that person under the Fatal
Accidents Act 1846 or by or on behalf of that person
under any rule of Scots law ; but
( b) nothing in section 3 of that Act ( not more than one
action in respect of the same subject matter of com-
plaint ) shall prevent an action being brought under
that Act for the benefit of any other person.
( 2 ) Section 2 of the Fatal Accidents Act 1959 (exclusion of
certain benefits in assessment of damages) shall apply in relation
to an action brought by any person under the Additional
Convention, including such an action brought in Scotland, as
it applies in relation to an action under the Fatal Accidents
Act 1846.
(3) Where separate proceedings are brought under the
Additional Convention and under the Fatal Accidents Act 1846
in respect of the death of a passenger, a court, in awarding
Carriage by Railway Act 1972 c. 33
503
damages under that Act, shall take account of any damages
awarded in the proceedings brought under the Additional Con-
vention and shall have jurisdiction to make any part of its
award conditional on the result of those proceedings.
( 4 ) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland,
the reference in subsection ( 2) above to section 2 of the Fatal 1959 c. 65.
Accidents Act 1959 shall be construed as a reference to
section 2 of the Fatal Accidents Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1959. 1959 с. 17
( Ν.Ι. ).
4 .- (1) A court before which proceedings are brought to Power of
enforce a liability which is limited by article 7 in the Schedule court to take
account of
to this Act may at any stage of the proceedings make any such other
order as appears to the court to be just and equitable in view proceedings
of the provisions of the said article 7 and of any other proceed- relating to
ings which have been, or are likely to be, commenced in the damage to or
loss of
United Kingdom or elsewhere to enforce the liability in whole articles.
or inpart .
( 2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) above, a court before
which proceedings are brought to enforce a liability which is
limited by the said article 7 shall , where the liability is, or may
be, partly enforceable in other proceedings in the United
Kingdom or elsewhere, have jurisdiction to award an amount
less than the court would have awarded if the limitation applied
solely to the proceedings before the court, or to make any part
of its award conditional on the result of any other proceedings .
5.- ( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, Part I of the Foreign Registration
Judgments ( Reciprocal Enforcement ) Act 1933 ( in this section of foreign
referred to as " judgments
"the Act of 1933 " ) shall apply, whether or not under the
it would otherwise have so applied, to any judgment which- Additional
( a) has been entered, as mentioned in paragraph 1 of Convention.
article 20 in the Schedule to this Act, by a court of a 1933 с. 13.
contracting State, other than the United Kingdom, and
( b) has become enforceable under the law applied by that
court .
( 2 ) In the application of Part I of the Act of 1933 in relation
to any such judgment as is referred to in subsection (1) above,
section 4 of that Act shall have effect with the omission of
subsections ( 2) and (3) .
( 3) The registration, in accordance with Part I of the Act
of 1933, of any such judgment as is referred to in subsection ( 1)
above shall constitute, in relation to that judgment, compliance
with the required formalities for the purposes of paragraph 1 of
article 20 in the Schedule to this Act.
504 c. 33
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
ments and Actions, judg-
6.- ( 1) No action of any kind relating to a liability in respect
of which provision is made by the Railway Passenger Convention
decrees relating or the Railway Freight Convention may be brought against a
to carriage in
accordance
railway undertaking or its servants or agents except in accordance
with
with that Convention.
Conventions .
( 2) Where by virtue of any provision made by the Railway
Passenger Convention or the Railway Freight Convention or by
virtue of article 14 in the Schedule to this Act, -
(a ) an action of any description may be brought only
against a particular railway undertaking, or
( b ) the bringing of an action against one railway under-
taking extinguishes any right to proceed against another
railway undertaking in respect of the same cause of
action,
then, notwithstanding anything in section 6( 1)( a) of the Law
1935 с. 30.
Reform (Married Women and Tortfeasors) Act 1935 or any
rule of Scots law enabling further proceedings to be instituted,
proceedings may not be brought against any other person in
respect of the same cause of action .
1867 с. 127 .
( 3) So much of section 4 of the Railway Companies Act
1867 as prevents the rolling stock and other assets of a railway
company, as defined in that Act, from being taken in execution
shall apply also in relation to any railway undertaking-
(a) carrying passengers or their luggage in accordance
with the Railway Passenger Convention, or
( b ) carrying goods in accordance with the Railway Freight
Convention,
if the judgment (within the meaning of that Act ) on which the
execution issues is given by a court in the United Kingdom in
an action arising on a contract which incorporates the provisions
of the Railway Passenger Convention or the Railway Freight
Convention, as the case may require.
1867 с. 126.
( 4 ) So much of section 4 of the Railway Companies
( Scotland ) Act 1867 as prevents the rolling stock and other
assets of a railway company, as defined in that Act, from
being attached by diligence shall apply also in relation to any
railway undertaking-
( a) carrying passengers or their luggage in accordance
with the Railway Passenger Convention, or
(b) carrying goods in accordance with the Railway Freight
Convention,
if the decree ( within the meaning of that Act ) on which the
diligence proceeds is pronounced by a court in the United
Kingdom in any such action as is referred to in subsection (3)
above.
Carriage by Railway Act 1972 c. 33
505
( 5) A judgment given or decree pronounced by a court in the
United Kingdom in any such action as is referred to in subsection
( 3) above may not be enforced by execution or diligence against-
( a) any railway wagon owned by a person other than a
railway undertaking, nor
( b ) any transport equipment contained in, or belonging to
the owner of, such a wagon,
unless the owner has his principal place of business in the
United Kingdom .
( 6 ) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland-
( a) in subsection ( 2), for the reference to section 6( 1 ) ( a)
of the Law Reform (Married Women and Tortfeasors) 1935 c. 30.
Act 1935 there shall be substituted a reference to
section 16( 1) (a) of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous 1937 c. 9 (Ν.Ι.) .
Provisions) Act ( Northern Ireland) 1937;
( b) in subsection ( 3), for the words " in execution " there
shall be substituted the words " under the Judgments 1969 c. 30
( Enforcement) Act ( Northern Ireland) 1969 " and for ( Ν.Ι. ) .
the words " on which the execution issues " there
shall be substituted the words " in respect of which
an application for enforcement is made under the
said Act of 1969," ; and
( c) in subsection (5) for the words " by execution or
diligence " there shall be substituted the words " under
the said Act of 1969 " .
7.- ( 1 ) In any case where goods are carried in accordance Rights and
with the Railway Freight Convention, the consignee shall not be obligations of
consignee in
entitled to enforce, whether as owner of the goods, as the person relationto
to whom they have been consigned or otherwise, any right Railway
against the railway undertaking in respect of the goods or Freight
their carriage, except in accordance with the Convention. Convention.
( 2 ) If, in any case where goods are carried in accordance with
the Railway Freight Convention, the consignee-
(a) accepts the consignment note in respect of the goods, or
(b) purports to exercise any right conferred on him by the
Convention in respect of the goods or the contract of
carriage ( whether to require the delivery of the con-
signment note or the goods, or to vary the contract of
carriage, or otherwise)
he shall thereby be treated as if he were a party to the contract
of carriage and as if he had been such a party from the time
that the contract came into existence ; and rights and obligations
506 c. 33
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
conferred or imposed on him under the terms of the Convention
shall be enforceable by or against him accordingly.
( 3) In this section " the consignment note ", in relation to any
goods, means the consignment note accompanying the goods, pre-
pared in accordance with the Railway Freight Convention and
constituting evidence of the contract of carriage ; and references
in this section to the consignee include references to a person
to whom, in accordance with the Railway Freight Convention,
the consignee named in the consignment note has directed that
the goods are to be delivered.
Recovery of 8.- (1) In any case where, in accordance with the Railway
surcharges and Freight Convention, a railway undertaking is entitled to impose
compensation under Railway a surcharge in respect of any goods carried in accordance with
Freight and that Convention or with respect to the carriage or loading of
Passenger any goods so carried, then
Conventions.
( a ) notwithstanding any provision of the law relating to
penalties or otherwise, and
( b ) without prejudice to any other method of recovery or to
any lien which the railway undertaking may have on
the goods for any other amount ,
the amount of the surcharge shall be treated for all purposes as
acharge in respect of which the railway undertaking, as a carrier,
is entitled to a lien.
( 2 ) In so far as any provision of the Railway Freight Conven-
tion or the Railway Passenger Convention provides for the
payment of compensation calculated at a fixed rate in respect
of any delay in the despatch, conveyance or delivery of any
goods, compensation calculated in accordance with that provision
shall be recoverable as liquidated damages notwithstanding-
( a ) that the person entitled to the compensation may be
unable to prove that he has suffered any damage by
reason of the delay, or
( b) that the damages to which he would have been entitled
apart from this subsection would be less than the
amount of the compensation determined in accordance
with that provision.
Amendments
9.- (1) If at any time it appears to Her Majesty in Council
consequential that Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom have
on revision of
Conventions.
agreed to any revision of the Additional Convention, whether
such revision operates by way of amendment of the text of
the Additional Convention as then in force or takes the form
of a new Convention or a part of a new Convention to
substantially the same effect as the provisions set out in the
Carriage by Railway Act 1972 c. 33
507
Schedule to this Act , Her Majesty may by Order in Council
make such amendments-
( a) of the provisions set out in the Schedule to this Act , and
( b ) of the definition of and references in this Act to, or to
particular provisions of , the Additional Convention,
as appear to Her to be appropriate in consequence of the
revision.
( 2) If at any time it appears to Her Majesty in Council
that the Convention which for the purposes of this Act is at
that time the Railway Passenger Convention or the Railway
Freight Convention has been rendered void on the coming into
force of a new Convention which is substantially to the same
effect as the previous Convention and in respect of which Her
Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom are one of the
Contracting States, Her Majesty may by Order in Council
make such amendments of the definition of " the Railway
Passenger Convention " or, as the case may require, " the
Railway Freight Convention " as appear to Her appropriate
to secure that references in this Act to the Railway Passenger
Convention or the Railway Freight Convention, as the case may
be, refer to the new Convention.
( 3) An Order in Council under this section shall not be made
unless a draft of the Order has been laid before Parliament
and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.
10.- (1) In the application of this Act to Northern Application to
Ireland-
Northern
Ireland.
( a) any reference to an enactment of the Parliament of
the United Kingdom which extends to Northern
Ireland is a reference to that Act as it applies in
Northern Ireland ; and
( b) any reference to an enactment of the Parliament of
Northern Ireland or to any other enactment which
that Parliament has power to amend shall be con-
strued as a reference to that enactment as amended
by any Act of that Parliament, whether passed before
or after this Act, and to any enactment of that
Parliament for the time being in force which re- enacts
the said enactment with or without modification.
( 2 ) For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of 1920 c. 67.
Ireland Act 1920, this Act shall, so far as it relates to matters
within the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, be
deemed to be an Act passed before the appointed day within
the meaning of that section.
508 c. 33
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
Orders in
Council.
11. An Order in Council made under any of the preceding
provisions of this Act may contain such transitional and supple-
mentary provisions as appear to Her Majesty to be expedient
and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council
made under that provision .
Application
12. This Act shall bind the Crown.
to Crown.
Short title,
13.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Carriage by Railway
interpretation Act 1972.
and
ment. commence-
( 2) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed
as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any
other enactment.
( 3) Sections 2 to 5 above and, so far as it relates to actions
brought under the Additional Convention, section 6( 2) above
shall come into force on the day certified under section 1 (5)
above.
( 4) Sections 7 and 8 above and, except as provided by
subsection (3) above, section 6 above shall come into force on
such day as Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint ;
and different days may be so appointed for different provisions
of those sections.
( 5 ) Nothing in any provision of this Act shall affect any
rights or liabilities arising out of an occurrence before the day
on which that provision comes into force.
Carriage by Railway Act 1972 c. 33
509
SCHEDULE
ADDITIONAL CONVENTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL
CONVENTION CONCERNING THE CARRIAGE OF
PASSENGERS AND LUGGAGE BY RAIL
PART I
THE ENGLISH TEXT
CONVENTION RELATING TO THE LIABILITY OF THE RAILWAY
FOR DEATH OF AND PERSONAL INJURY TO PASSENGERS
Article 1
Field ofapplication
1. This Convention shall govern the liability of the railway for
damage caused to passengers by an accident occurring on the territory
of a State which is a party to this Convention. For the purposes of
this Convention" passengers " means :
( a ) passengers carried in accordance with the International
Convention concerning the Carriage of Passengers and
Luggage by Rail (CIV ) of 25th February, 1961 ;
( b ) attendants accompanying consignments of goods carried in
accordance with the International Convention concerning the
Carriage of Goods by Rail (CIM) of 25th February, 1961 .
2. Each Contracting State may, on signing this Convention or
depositing its instrument of ratification or accession, declare that it
reserves the right not to apply this Convention to passengers who are
subjects of , or persons having their usual place of residence in that
State and who sustain an accident on its territory.
Article 2
Extent of liability
1. The railway shall be liable for damage resulting from the death
of , or personal injury or any other bodily or mental harm to, a passenger,
caused by an accident arising out of the operation of the railway and
happening while the passenger is in, entering or alighting from a train .
The railway shall also be liable for damage to, or total or partial
loss of any articles which the passenger who has sustained such an
accident had either on him or with him as hand luggage, including
any animals which he had with him.
2. The railway shall be relieved of liability if the accident has been
caused by circumstances not connected with the operation of the
railway and which the railway, in spite of having taken the care
required in the particular circumstances of the case , could not avoid
and the consequences of which it was unable to prevent.
3. The railway shall be relieved wholly or partly of liability to the
extent that the accident is due to the passenger's wrongful act or
neglect or to behaviour on his part not in conformity with the normal
conduct of passengers.
510 c . 33
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
4. The railway shall be relieved of liability if the accident is due to
a third party's behaviour which the railway, in spite of taking the
care required in the particular circumstances of the case, could not
avoid and the consequences of which it was unable to prevent.
If the railway is not relieved of liability in accordance with the
preceding sub-paragraph, the railway shall be wholly liable up to the
limits laid down in this Convention, but without prejudice to any right
of action which the railway may have against the third party.
5. This Convention shall not affect any liability which may be
incurred by the railway in cases not provided for under paragraph 1 .
6. For the purposes of this Convention, the " responsible railway
"
is that which, according to the list of lines provided for in Article 59
of CIV, operates the line on which the accident occurs. If , in accord-
ance with the aforementioned list, there is joint operation of the line
by two railways, each of them shall be liable.
Article 3
Damages in case ofdeath of the passenger
1. In the case of the death of the passenger the damages shall
include:
( a ) any necessary expenses following on the death, in particular
the cost of transport of the body, burial and cremation;
( b ) if death does not occur at once, the damages defined in
Article 4.
2. If , through the death of the passenger, persons towards whom
he had, or would have had in the future, a legally enforceable duty to
maintain are deprived of their support, such persons shall also be
indemnified for their loss. Rights of action for damages by persons
whom the passenger was maintaining without being legally bound to
do so shall be governed by national law.
Article 4
Damages in case ofpersonal injury to the passenger
In the case of personal injury or any other bodily or mental harm
to the passenger the damages shall include :
( a ) any necessary expenses, in particular the cost of medical
treatment and transport;
( b) compensation for loss due to total or partial incapacity to
work, or to increased expenditure on his personal require-
ments necessitated by the injury.
Article 5
Compensationfor other injuries
National law shall determine whether and to what extent the railway
shall be bound to pay damages for injuries other than those for which
there is provision in Articles 3 and 4, in particular for mental or
physical pain and suffering ( pretium doloris) and for disfigurement.
Carriage by Railway Act 1972 c. 33
511
Article 6
Form and limit ofdamages in case ofdeath of , or
personal injury to the passenger
1. The damages under Article 3 ( 2) and Article 4 ( b) shall be awarded
inthe form of a lump sum; however, if national law permits payment
of an annuity, damages shall be awarded in this form if so requested
by the injured passenger or the claimants designated in Article 3 ( 2) .
2. The amount of damages to be awarded under paragraph 1 shall
be determined in accordance with national law. However, in the
event of the national law providing for a maximum limit of less than
200,000 francs, the limit per passenger shall, for the purposes of this
Convention, be fixed at 200,000 francs in the form of a lump sum or
ofan annuity corresponding to that amount.
Article 7
Limit ofdamages in case ofdamage to or loss ofarticles
When, under the provisions of this Convention, the railway is liable
to pay damages for damage to, or for total or partial loss of any
articles which the passenger who has sustained an accident had either
on him or with him as hand luggage, including any animals which
he had with him, compensation for the damage or loss may be claimed
up to the sum of2,000 francs per passenger.
Article 8
Amount ofdamages in case ofwilful misconduct orgross negligence
The provisions of Articles 6 and 7 of this Convention or those of
the national law which limit compensation to a fixed amount shall
not apply if the damage results from wilful misconduct or gross
negligence of the railway.
Article 9
Interest and refund ofcompensation
1. The claimant shall be entitled to claim interest on compensation
which shall be calculated at the rate of 5 per cent per annum. Such
interest shall accrue from the date of the claim, or, if a claim has not
been made, from the date on which legal proceedings are instituted,
save that for compensation due under Articles 3 and 4, interest shall
accrue only from the day on which the events relevant to its assessment
occurred, if that day is later than the date of the claim or the date on
which legal proceedings were instituted.
2. Any compensation improperly obtained shall be refunded.
Article 10
Prohibition of limitation of liability
Any terms or conditions of carriage or special agreements concluded
between the railway and the passenger which purport to exempt the
railway in advance, either totally or partially , from liability under
512 c. 33
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
this Convention, or which have the effect of reversing the burden of
proof resting on the railway, or which provide for limits lower than
those laid down in Article 6 ( 2) and Article 7, shall be null and void.
Such nullity shall not, however, avoid the contract of carriage which
shall remain subject to the provisions of CIV and this Convention.
Article 11
Liability of railwaysfor their servants
The railway shall be liable in respect of servants in its own employ
and in respect of any other persons whom it employs to perform
carriage for which it is responsible.
If , however, railway servants, at the request of a passenger, render
services which the railway itself is under no obligation to render, they
shall be deemed to act on behalf of the passenger to whom the services
are rendered.
Article 12
Bringing ofactions not within the provisions of this Convention
No action of any kind shall be brought against a railway in respect
of its liability under Article 2 ( 1) of this Convention, except subject
to the conditions and limitations laid down in this Convention.
The same shall apply to any action brought against persons for
whom the railway is liable under Article 11 .
Article 13
Claims
1. The making of claims for damages under this Convention is not
obligatory; they may be made against one of the following railways
provided that it has its principal office on the territory of a State party
to this Convention :
(1) the railway responsible ; if , in accordance with Article 2 (6),
two railways are responsible, against one of them;
( 2) the railway of the place of departure;
( 3) the railway of the place of destination;
( 4 ) the railway of the place of the passenger's domicile or of his
usual place of residence.
2. Claims shall be made in writing. The documents which a claimant
thinks it advisable to attach to his claim shall be produced either in the
original or by copies duly authenticated if the railway so requires.
Article 14
Railway against which an action maybe brought
An action for damages brought under this Convention shall only
be brought against the responsible railway.
In the case of joint operation by two railways the claimant shall
have a right of election as to which of the two railways he will sue.
This right shall be extinguished as soon as an action has been instituted
against one of them.
Carriage by Railway Act 1972 c. 33
513
Article 15
Jurisdiction
Actions brought under this Convention may only be instituted in
the competent court of the State on whose territory the accident to
the passenger occurred, unless otherwise provided in agreements
between States, or in any licence or other document authorising the
operation of the railway concerned.
Article 16
Extinction ofrights ofaction
1. A claimant shall lose his right of action if he does not give notice
ofthe accident to a passenger to one of the railways to which a claim
may be presented in accordance with Article 13 within three months
ofhis becoming aware of the damage.
When notice of the accident is given orally by the claimant, confir-
mation of this oral notice must be delivered to the claimant by the
railway to which the accident has been notified.
2. Nevertheless the right of action shall not be extinguished :
( a ) if , within the period of time provided for in paragraph 1 ,
the claimant has made a claim to one of the railways desig-
nated in Article 13 (1) ;
( b) if the claimant proves that the accident was caused by the
wrongful act or neglect of the railway;
( c ) if notice of the accident has not been given, or has been given
late, as a result of circumstances for which the claimant is
not responsible ;
( d ) if during the period of time specified in paragraph ( 1), the
railway responsible -or one of the two railways if in
accordance with Article 2 (6) two railways are responsible-
knows of the accident to the passenger through other means.
Article 17
Limitation ofactions
1. The periods of limitation for actions for damages brought under
this Convention shall be :
( a ) in the case of the passenger who has sustained an accident,
three years from the day after the accident ;
( b ) in the case of other claimants, three years from the day after
the death of the passenger, or five years from the day after
the accident, whichever is the earlier.
2. When a claim is made to the railway in accordance with
Article 13 , the three periods of limitation provided for in paragraph 1
shall be suspended until such date as the railway rejects the claim by
notification in writing, and returns the documents attached thereto.
If part of the claim is admitted, the period of limitation shall start to
run again only in respect of that part of the claim still in dispute. The
R
514 c . 33
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
burden of proof of the receipt of the claim or of the reply and of the
return of the documents, shall rest with the party relying upon these
facts.
The running of the period of limitation shall not be suspended by
further claims having the same object.
3. Aright of action which has become barred by lapse of time may
not be exercised even by way ofcounterclaim or set-off.
4. Subject to the foregoing provisions, the limitation of actions shall
be governed by national law.
Article 18
National law
1. In the absence of provisions in this Convention, national law
shall apply.
2. For the purpose of this Convention, " national law " means the
law of the State on whose territory the accident to the passenger occurs,
including the rules relating to conflict of laws.
Article 19
General rules ofprocedure
In the case of legal proceedings arising out of the application of
this Convention, the procedure to be followed shall be that of the
competent court, subject to any provisions to the contrary in this
Convention.
Article 20
Execution ofjudgments -Security for costs
1. Judgments entered by the competent court under the provisions
of this Convention after trial, or by default, shall, when they have
become enforceable under the law applied by that court, become
enforceable in any of the other Contracting States as soon as the
formalities required in the State concerned have been complied with.
The merits of the case shall not be the subject of further proceedings.
The foregoing provisions shall not apply to interim judgments nor
to awards of damages in addition to costs, against a plaintiff who fails
in his action.
Settlements concluded between the parties before the competent
court with a view to putting an end to a dispute, and which have been
entered on the record of that court, shall have the force of a judgment
ofthat court.
2. Security for costs shall not be required in proceedings arising out
ofthe provisions of this Convention.
Article 21
Monetary unit
The amounts stated in francs in this Convention shall be deemed to
relate to the gold franc weighing 10/31 of a gramme and being of
millesimal fineness 900.
Carriage by Railway Act 1972 c. 33
515
Article 22
Carriage by more than one mode of transport
1. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 2 of this Article, this
Convention shall not apply to damage arising in the course of carriage
by road services or shipping services included in the list of lines
referred to in Article 59 of CIV.
2. However, where railway vehicles are carried by ferry, this Con-
vention shall apply to damage referred to in Article 2 (1) and caused
by an accident arising out of the operation of the railway which happens
while the passenger is in , entering or alighting from the said vehicles .
For the purpose of the application of this paragraph, the State on
whose territory the accident occurred means the State whose flag is
flown by the ferry.
3. When, because of exceptional circumstances, the railway finds
itself obliged temporarily to suspend operations and itself carries the
passengers or has them carried by another mode of transport, it shall
be liable in accordance with the law relating to that mode of transport.
Nevertheless, the provisions of Articles 13 to 17, 18 ( 2 ), 19 and 20 of
this Convention shall remain applicable.
Article 23
Liability in case ofnuclear incidents
The railway shall not be liable under this Convention for damage
caused by a nuclear incident when pursuant to special provisions in
force in a Contracting State governing liability in the field of nuclear
energy the operator of a nuclear installation or another person who is
substituted for him is liable for the damage.
[ The provisions of articles 24 to 28 relating to signature, ratification
and entry into force, accession, duration and revision and official
translations are not reproduced. ]
R 2
516 c. 33
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
PART II
THE FRENCH TEXT
CONVENTION RELATIVE A LA RESPONSABILITE DU CHEMIN DE
FER POUR LA MORT ET LES BLESSURES DE VOYAGEURS
Article 1er
Champ d'application
1. -La présente Convention règle la responsabilité du chemin de fer
pour les dommages causés aux voyageurs par un accident survenu sur
le territoire d'un Etat partie à la présente Convention. Au sens de
la présente Convention, on entend par «voyageurs » :
a ) les voyageurs dont le transport est régi par la Convention
internationale concernant le transport des voyageurs et des
bagages par chemins de fer (CIV ) du 25 février 1961,
b ) les convoyeurs des envois effectués conformément à la Con-
vention internationale concernant le transport des mar-
chandises par chemins de fer (CIM) du 25 février 1961 .
2. Chaque Etat contractant pourra, au moment où il signe la
présente Convention ou dépose son instrument de ratification ou
d'adhésion, déclarer qu'il se réserve le droit de ne pas appliquer la
présente Convention aux voyageurs victimes d'accidents survenus
sur son territoire, lorsque ceux-ci sont ses ressortissants ou des person-
nes ayant leur résidence habituelle dans cet Etat.
Article 2
Etendue de la responsabilité
1. -Le chemin de fer est responsable des dommages résultant de la
mort, des blessures ou de toute autre atteinte à l'intégrité physique ou
mentale d'un voyageur causées par un accident en relation avec
l'exploitation ferroviaire survenu pendant que le voyageur séjourne
dans les véhicules, qu'il y entre ou qu'il en sort.
Le chemin de fer est, en outre, responsable des dommages résultant
de l'avarie ou de la perte totale ou partielle des objets que le voyageur
victime d'un tel accident avait, soit sur lui, soit avec lui comme colis
àmain, y compris les animaux.
2. -Le chemin de fer est déchargé de cette responsabilité si l'accident
a été causé par des circonstances extérieures à l'exploitation que le
chemin de fer, en dépit de la diligence requise d'après les particularités
de l'espèce, ne pouvait pas éviter et aux conséquences desquelles il ne
pouvait pas obvier.
3. Le chemin de fer est déchargé en tout ou en partie de cette
responsabilité dans la mesure où l'accident est dû à une faute du
voyageur ou à un comportement de celui- ci qui n'est pas conforme à
la conduite normale des voyageurs .
4. -Le chemin de fer est déchargé de cette responsabilité si l'accident
est dû au comportement d'un tiers que le chemin de fer, en dépit de
la diligence requise d'après les particularités de l'espèce, ne pouvait
pas éviter et aux conséquences duquel il ne pouvait pas obvier.
Carriage by Railway Act 1972 c .33
517
Si la responsabilité du chemin de fer n'est pas exclue selon l'alinéa
précédent, le chemin de fer répond pour le tout dans les limites de la
présente Convention et sans préjudice de son recours éventuel contre
letiers.
5. -La présente Convention n'affecte pas la responsabilité qui peut
incomber au chemin de fer pour les cas non prévus au § 1 .
6. -Le «chemin de fer responsable» au sens de la présente Conven-
tion est celui qui, d'après la liste des lignes prévue à l'article 59 de la
CIV, exploite la ligne sur laquelle l'accident s'est produit. S'il y a,
d'après la liste mentionnée, coexploitation par deux chemins de fer,
chacun de ces chemins de fer est responsable.
Article 3
Dommages-intérêts en cas de mort du voyageur
1. -En cas de mort du voyageur, les dommages-intérêts compren-
nent:
a ) les frais nécessaires consécutifs au décès, notamment ceux du
transport du corps, d'inhumation et d'incinération;
b ) si la mort n'est pas survenue immédiatement, les dommages-
intérêts définis à l'article 4.
2. -Si, par la mort du voyageur, des personnes envers lesquelles il
avait ou aurait eu à l'avenir une obligation alimentaire, en vertu de la
loi, sont privées de leur soutien, il y a également lieu de les indemniser
de cette perte. L'action en dommages-intérêts des personnes dont le
voyageur assumait l'entretien sans y être tenu par la loi reste soumise
au droit national.
Article4
Dommages- intérêts en cas de blessures du voyageur
En cas de blessures ou de toute autre atteinte à l'intégrité physique
ou mentale du voyageur, les dommages-intérêts comprennent :
a ) les frais nécessaires, notamment ceux de traitement et de
transport;
b ) la réparation du préjudice causé, soit par l'incapacité de travail
totale ou partielle, soit par l'accroissement des besoins.
Article 5
Réparation d'autres préjudices
Le droit national détermine si et dans quelle mesure le chemin de
fer est tenu à verser des dommages-intérêts pour des préjudices autres
que ceux prévus aux articles 3 et 4, notamment les préjudices moral et
physique ( pretium doloris) et esthétique.
Article 6
Forme et limitation des dommages-intérêts en cas de mort ou
de blessures du voyageur
1. -Les dommages-intérêts prévus à l'article 3, § 2, et à l'article 4,
lettre b), doivent être alloués sous forme de capital; toutefois, si le
R3
518 c . 33
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
droit national permet l'allocation d'une rente, ils sont alloués sous
cette forme lorsque le voyageur lésé ou les ayants droit désignés à
l'article 3, § 2, le demandent.
2. -Le montant des dommages-intérêts à allouer en vertu du § 1 est
déterminé selon le droit national. Toutefois, pour l'application de la
présente Convention , il est fixé une limite maximale de 200,000 francs
en capital ou en rente annuelle correspondant à ce capital, pour
chaque voyageur, dans le cas où le droit national prévoit une limite
maximale d'un montant inférieur.
Article 7
Limitation des dommages-intérêts en cas d'avarie ou de perte d'objets
Quand, en vertu des dispositions de la présente Convention, des
dommages-intérêts pour avarie ou pour perte totale ou partielle des
objets que le voyageur victime d'un accident avait, soit sur lui, soit
avec lui comme colis à main, y compris les animaux, sont mis à la
charge du chemin de fer, il peut être réclamé la réparation du dommage,
jusqu'à concurrence de 2000 francs par voyageur.
Article 8
Montant des dommages-intérêts en cas de dol ou defaute lourde
Les dispositions des articles 6 et 7 de la présente Convention ou
celles prévues par le droit national qui limitent à un montant déterminé
les indemnités ne s'appliquent pas si le dommage résulte d'un dol ou
d'une faute lourde du chemin de fer.
Article 9
Intérêts et restitution des indemnités
1. L'ayant droit peut demander des intérêts de l'indemnité, qui sont
calculés à raison de cinq pour cent l'an. Ces intérêts courent du jour
de la réclamation administrative ou, s'il n'y a pas eu de réclamation,
du jour de la demande en justice. Toutefois, pour les indemnités dues
en vertu des articles 3 et 4, les intérêts ne courent que du jour où les
faits qui ont servi à la détermination de leur montant se sont produits ,
si ce jour est postérieur à celui de la réclamation ou de la demande en
justice.
2. -Toute indemnité indûment perçue doit être restituée.
Article 10
Interdiction de limiter la responsabilité
Les dispositions tarifaires et les accords particuliers conclus entre le
chemin de fer et le voyageur, qui tendent à exonérer d'avance, totale-
ment ou partiellement, le chemin de fer de sa responsabilité en vertu
de laprésente Convention, ou qui ont pour effet de renverser le fardeau
de lapreuve incombant au chemin de fer, ou qui établissent des limites
inférieures à celles qui sont fixées à l'article 6, § 2, et à l'article 7, sont
Carriage by Railway Act 1972 c. 33
519
nuls de plein droit. Cette nullité n'entraîne toutefois pas celle du
contrat de transport, qui reste soumis aux dispositions de la CIV et
de la présente Convention.
Article 11
Responsabilité du chemin defer pour ses agents
Le chemin de fer est responsable des agents attachés à son service et
des autres personnes qu'il emploie pour l'exécution d'un transport dont
il est chargé.
Toutefois, si, à la demande des voyageurs, les agents du chemin de
fer leur rendent des services qui n'incombent pas au chemin de fer, ils
sont considérés comme agissant pour le compte des voyageurs à qui
ils rendent ces services.
Article 12
Exercice d'actions non prévues par laprésente Convention
Dans les cas prévus à l'article 2, § 1, toute action en responsabilité, à
quelque titre que ce soit, ne peut être exercée contre le chemin de fer
que dans les conditions et limites prévues par la présente Convention.
Il en est de même pour toute action exercée contre les personnes dont
le chemin de fer répond en vertu de l'article 11 .
Article 13
Réclamations administratives
1. -Les réclamations en dommages-intérêts en vertu de la présente
Convention sont facultatives ; elles peuvent être présentées à l'un des
chemins de fer suivants, pour autant qu'il ait son siège social sur le
territoire d'un Etat partie à la dite Convention :
1º le chemin de fer responsable; si d'après l'article 2, § 6, deux
chemins de fer sont responsables, à l'un de ceux-ci ;
2º le chemin de fer de départ ;
3º le chemin de fer de destination ;
4 ° le chemin de fer du domicile ou de la résidence habituelle du
voyageur.
2. -Les réclamations doivent être adressées par écrit. Les pièces
que l'ayant droit juge utile de joindre à sa réclamation doivent être
présentées soit en originaux, soit en copies, celles- ci dûment légalisées
si le chemin de fer le demande.
Article 14
Chemin defer contre lequel l'actionjudiciaire peut être exercée
L'action judiciaire en dommages- intérêts fondée sur la présente
Conventionne peut être exercée que contre le chemin de fer responsable.
En cas de coexploitation par deux chemins de fer, le demandeur a
le choix entre ceux-ci. Ce droit d'option s'éteint dès que l'action est
intentée contre l'un d'eux.
R4
520 c. 33
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
Article 15
Compétence
Les actionsjudiciaires fondées sur la présente Convention ne peuvent
être intentées que devant le juge compétent de l'Etat sur le territoire
duquel l'accident du voyageur s'est produit, à moins qu'il n'en soit
décidé autrement dans les accords entre Etats ou les actes de con-
cession.
Article 16
Extinction des actions
1. -L'ayant droit perd son droit d'action s'il ne signale pas l'accident
du voyageur, dans les trois mois à compter de la connaissance du
dommage, à l'un des chemins de fer auxquels une réclamation admini-
strative peut être présentée selon l'article 13.
Lorsque l'accident est signalé verbalement par l'ayant droit ,
attestation de cet avis verbal doit lui être délivrée par le chemin de fer
auquel l'accident a été signalé.
2. -Toutefois, l'action n'est pas éteinte :
a ) si , dans le délai prévu au § 1 , l'ayant droit a présenté une
réclamation administrative auprès de l'un des chemins de
fer désignés à l'article 13, § 1 ;
b ) si l'ayant droit fournit la preuve que l'accident a eu pour
cause une faute du chemin de fer;
c ) si l'accident n'a pas été signalé, ou a été signalé en retard, à la
suite de circonstances qui ne sont pas imputables à l'ayant
droit ;
d ) si, pendant le délai mentionné au § 1 , le chemin de fer respons-
able, ou, si d'après l'article 2, § 6, deux chemins de fer sont
responsables, l'un de ceux-ci, a eu connaissance de l'accident
du voyageur par une autre voie.
Article 17
Prescription des actions
1. -Les actions en dommages-intérêts fondées sur la présente
Convention sont prescrites:
a ) pour la victime, par trois ans à compter du lendemain de
l'accident ;
b ) pour les autres ayants droit, par trois ans à compter du lende-
main du décès de la victime, sans que ce délai puisse toutefois
dépasser cinq ans à compter du lendemain de l'accident.
2. En cas de réclamation administrative adressée au chemin de
fer conformément à l'article 13, les trois délais de prescription prévus
au § 1 sont suspendus jusqu'au jour où le chemin de fer rejette la
réclamation par écrit et restitue les pièces qui y étaient jointes. En
casd'acceptation partielle de la réclamation, la prescription ne reprend
son cours que pour la partie de la réclamation qui reste litigieuse. La
Carriage by Railway Act 1972 c . 33
521
preuve de la réception de la réclamation ou de la réponse et celle de
la restitution des pièces sont à la charge de la partie qui invoque ce fait.
Les réclamations ultérieures ayant le même objet ne suspendent pas
laprescription .
3. -L'action prescrite ne peut plus être exercée, même sous forme
d'une demande reconventionnelle ou d'une exception.
4. -Sous réserve des dispositions qui précèdent, la prescription est
réglée par le droit national.
Article 18
Droit national
1. -A défaut de stipulations dans la présente Convention, le droit
national est applicable.
2. Pour l'application de cette Convention, on entend par «droit
national» le droit de l'Etat sur le territoire duquel l'accident du
voyageur s'est produit, ycompris les règles relatives aux conflits de lois.
Article 19
Règles générales de procédure
Pour tous les litiges auxquels donne lieu l'application de la présente
Convention, la procédure à suivre est celle du juge compétent, sous
réserve des dispositions contraires insérées dans cette Convention.
Article 20
Exécution desjugements. Cautions
1. Lorsque les jugements prononcés contradictoirement ou par
défaut par le juge compétent, en vertu des dispositions de la présente
Convention , sont devenus exécutoires d'après les lois appliquées par
ce juge, ils deviennent exécutoires dans chacun des autres Etats
contractants aussitôt après accomplissement des formalités prescrites
dans l'Etat intéressé. La révision du fond de l'affaire n'est pas
admise.
Cette disposition ne s'applique pas aux jugements qui ne sont
exécutoires que provisoirement, non plus qu'aux condamnations en
dommages-intérêts qui seraient prononcées, en sus des dépens, contre
un demandeur à raison du rejet de sa demande.
Les transactions conclues entre les parties devant le juge compétent,
en vue de mettre fin à une contestation, et au sujet desquelles un
procès- verbal a été dressé judiciairement, ont valeur de jugement.
2. -La caution à fournir pour assurer le paiement des dépens ne
peut être exigée à l'occasion des actions judiciaires fondées sur la
présente Convention.
Article 21
Unité monétaire
Les sommes indiquées en francs dans la présente Convention sont
considérées comme se rapportant au franc or d'un poids de 10/31 de
gramme au titre de 0,900.
522 c. 33
Carriage by Railway Act 1972
Article 22
Transports mixtes
1. -Sous réserve de la disposition du § 2, la présente Convention n'est
pas applicable aux dommages survenus pendant le transport sur des
lignes de services automobiles ou de navigation inscrites sur la liste
des lignes prévue à l'article 59 de la CIV.
2. Toutefois, lorsque les véhicules ferroviaires sont transportés par
ferry-boat, la présente Convention est applicable aux dommages visés
à l'article 2, § 1 , et causés par un accident en relation avec l'exploitation
ferroviaire survenu pendant que le voyageur séjourne dans les dits
véhicules, qu'il y entre ou qu'il en sort.
Pour l'application du présent paragraphe, on entend par «Etat sur
le territoire duquel l'accident s'est produit», l'Etat dont le ferry- boat
bat le pavillon.
3. Lorsque, par suite de circonstances exceptionnelles, le chemin
de fer se trouve dans l'obligation d'interrompre provisoirement son
exploitation et transporte ou fait transporter les voyageurs par un
autre moyen de transport , il est responsable d'après le droit afférent
àce moyen de transport . Néanmoins, les dispositions des articles 13
à 17, 18, § 2, 19 et 20 de la présente Convention demeurent applicables.
Article 23
Responsabilité en cas d'accidents nucléaires
Le chemin de fer est déchargé de la responsabilité qui lui incombe
en vertu de la présente Convention, lorsque le dommage a été causé
par un accident nucléaire et que, en vertu des prescriptions spéciales
en vigueur dans un Etat contractant réglant la responsabilité dans le
domaine de l'énergie nucléaire, l'exploitant d'une installation nucléaire
ou une autre personne qui lui est substituée est responsable de ce
dommage.
c . 34 523
NOH Ⓡ
PENSE
DIEUETMON DROIT
Trade Descriptions Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 34
An Act to require certain names and marks applied to
imported goods to be accompanied by an indication of
origin. [29th June 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- (1) Where a name or mark which-
Indication
( a ) is a United Kingdom name or mark ; or
of origin
on certain
( b) is likely to be taken for a United Kingdom name or imported
mark (whether or not such a United Kingdom name or goods.
mark actually exists) ;
is applied to goods manufactured or produced outside the United
Kingdom, subsection (2 ) of this section shall apply except as
otherwise provided by or under this section.
( 2 ) If any person, in the course of a trade or business, supplies
or offers to supply the goods, then, unless—
( a ) the name or mark is accompanied by a conspicuous
indication of the country in which the goods were
manufactured or produced; or
( b) the name or mark is neither visible in the state in which
the goods are supplied or offered nor likely to become
visible on such inspection as may reasonably be expected
to be made of the goods by a person to whom they are
to be supplied;
the person supplying or offering to supply the goods shall,
subject to the provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence.
c.34
524 Trade Descriptions Act 1972
1938 с. 22 .
Defences.
1968 с. 29.
( 3) Subsection ( 2 ) of this section does not apply to second-
hand goods.
( 4 ) Subsection ( 2) of this section does not apply to goods
used or to be used as containers or labels for other goods supplied
or offered to be supplied in the course of a trade or business.
( 5 ) If the Secretary of State is satisfied, after considering
such representations ( if any) as may be made to him by persons
appearing to him to have a substantial interest in the matter,
that the interests of persons in the United Kingdom to whom
goods of any description may be supplied or to whom goods
may be supplied under any designation would not be materially
impaired by his doing so and that it is desirable for him to do so,
he may by statutory instrument give directions for excluding or
relaxing the provisions of subsection ( 2 ) of this section in
relation to goods of that description or in relation to that
designation, either generally or in such circumstances or subject
to such conditions as may be specified in the direction; and any
such direction may be given for a limited time or indefinitely
and may be withdrawn or varied by a further direction under
this subsection.
( 6 ) In this Act-
" container or label " includes anything in, on or with which
goods are supplied or offered to be supplied;
“name" includes any abbreviation of a name;
" United Kingdom name or mark " means any of the
following, that is to say-
( a ) the name of any person carrying on a trade or
business in the United Kingdom;
( b ) the name of any part of , or area, place, or
geographical feature in , the United Kingdom ;
( c ) a trade mark of which a person carrying on a
trade or business in the United Kingdom is the pro-
prietor or registered user; and
( d ) a certification trade mark of which a person in
the United Kingdom is the proprietor; and
" trade mark " and " certification trade mark " have the
same meanings as in the Trade Marks Act 1938 .
2.- (1 ) Without prejudice to section 24 of the Trade Descrip-
tions Act 1968 as applied by section 3 of this Act, where a person
c .34
Trade Descriptions Act 1972 525
is charged with an offence under this Act it shall be a defence
for him to prove-
( a ) that the name or mark had not been applied by him and
that he did not know, and could not, with reasonable
diligence, have ascertained that the goods were manu-
factured or produced outside the United Kingdom; or
( b ) that he did not know, and had no reason to believe, that
the name or mark was, or was likely to be taken for, a
United Kingdom name or mark.
( 2 ) The definition of " United Kingdom name or mark " in
section 1 ( 6 ) ofthis Act shall apply for the purposes of this section
with the omission of paragraph ( b ) .
3. Section 4(1) of the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 shall Application
apply, with the necessary modifications and with the omission ofTrade
ofparagraph ( c ), for determining for the purposes of this Act Descriptions
Act
whether a name or mark ( whether a trade description or not) is
applied to any goods; and this At shall be construed, and that
Act shall have effect , as if this Act were included among the
provisions of that Act.
4 .- (1) This Act may be cited as the Trade Descriptions Citation,
Act 1972 and this Act and the Trade Descriptions Act 1968 may
commence-
becited together as the Trade Descriptions Acts 1968 and 1972.
ment and
extent.( 2 ) This Act, except section 1( 5 ), shall not come into force
until the expiration of the period of six months beginning with
the date on which it is passed.
( 3) This Act extends to Northern Ireland.
526 с. 35
Duty to build
dwellings
properly.
DIEU ET MON DROIL
CHONTS
YPENSE
Defective Premises Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 35
AnAct to impose duties in connection with the provision
of dwellings and otherwise to amend the law of England
and Wales as to liability for injury or damage caused
to persons through defects in the state of premises.
[29th June 1972]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- ( 1 ) A person taking on work for or in connection with the
provision of a dwelling (whether the dwelling is provided by
the erection or by the conversion or enlargement of a building)
owes a duty-
( a ) if the dwelling is provided to the order of any person, to
that person ; and
( b ) without prejudice to paragraph (a) above, to every
person who acquires an interest (whether legal or
equitable) in the dwelling ;
to see that the work which he takes on is done in a workman-
like or, as the case may be, professional manner, with proper
materials and so that as regards that work the dwelling will be
fit for habitation when completed.
(2) A person who takes on any such work for another on terms
that he is to do it in accordance with instructions given by or
on behalf of that other shall, to the extent to which he does it
properly in accordance with those instructions, be treated for
с. 35
Defective Premises Act 1972 527
the purposes of this section as discharging the duty imposed on
him by subsection ( 1) above except where he owes a duty to
that other to warn him of any defects in the instructions and
fails to discharge that duty.
( 3) A person shall not be treated for the purposes of sub-
section (2) above as having given instructions for the doing of
work merely because he has agreed to the work being done
in a specified manner, with specified materials or to a specified
design.
( 4) Aperson who-
(a ) in the course of a business which consists of or includes
providing or arranging for the provision of dwellings
or installations in dwellings ; or
(b) in the exercise of a power of making such provision or
arrangements conferred by or by virtue of any enact-
ment;
arranges for another to take on work for or in connection with
the provision of a dwelling shall be treated for the purposes of
this section as included among the persons who have taken on
thework.
( 5 ) Any cause of action in respect of a breach of the duty
imposed by this section shall be deemed, for the purposes of
the Limitation Act 1939, the Law Reform (Limitation of 1939 c. 21 .
Actions, &c.) Act 1954 and the Limitation Act 1963, to have 1954 c. 36.
accrued at the time when the dwelling was completed, but if 1963 c. 47.
after that time a person who has done work for or in connection
with the provision of the dwelling does further work to rectify
the work he has already done, any such cause of action in
respect of that further work shall be deemed for those purposes
to have accrued at the time when the further work was finished.
2.- (1 ) Where- Cases
( a ) in connection with the provision of a dwelling or its excluded
from the
first sale or letting for habitation any rights in respect remedy
of defects in the state of the dwelling are conferred by under
an approved scheme to which this section applies on section 1 .
aperson having or acquiring an interest in the dwelling :
and
( b ) it is stated in a document of a type approved for the
purposes of this section that the requirements as to
design or construction imposed by or under the
scheme have, or appear to have, been substantially
complied with in relation to the dwelling ;
no action shall be brought by any person having or acquiring
an interest in the dwelling for breach of the duty imposed by
section 1 above in relation to the dwelling.
c. 35
528 Defective Premises Act 1972
( 2 ) A scheme to which this section applies-
( a ) may consist of any number of documents and any
number of agreements or other transactions between
any number of persons ; but
( b ) must confer, by virtue of agreements entered into with
persons having or acquiring an interest in the dwellings
to which the scheme applies, rights on such persons
in respect of defects in the state of the dwellings.
66 "
( 3) In this section approved means approved by the
Secretary of State, and the power of the Secretary of State
to approve a scheme or document for the purposes of this
section shall be exercisable by order, except that any require
ments as to construction or design imposed under a scheme to
which this section applies may be approved by him without
making any order or, if he thinks fit, by order.
( 4 ) The Secretary of State
( a ) may approve a scheme or document for the purposes
of this section with or without limiting the duration
of his approval ; and
( b) may by order revoke or vary a previous order under
this section or, without such an order, revoke or vary
a previous approval under this section given otherwise
than by order.
( 5) The production of a document purporting to be a copy
of an approval given by the Secretary of State otherwise than
by order and certified by an officer of the Secretary of State
to be a true copy of the approval shall be conclusive evidence
of the approval, and without proof of the handwriting or official
position of the person purporting to sign the certificate.
( 6 ) The power to make an order under this section shall be
exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to
annulment in pursuance of a resolution by either House of
Parliament.
( 7 ) Where an interest in a dwelling is compulsorily
acquired-
(a) no action shall be brought by the acquiring authority for
breach of the duty imposed by section 1 above in respect
of the dwelling ; and
( b) if any work for or in connection with the provision of
the dwelling was done otherwise than in the course of a
business by the person in occupation of the dwelling at
the time of the compulsory acquisition, the acquiring
authority and not that person shall be treated as the
person who took on the work and accordingly as owing
that duty.
c. 35
Defective Premises Act 1972 529
3.- (1 ) Where work of construction, repair, maintenance or Duty of care
demolition or any other work is done on or in relation to with respect
premises , any duty of care owed, because of the doing of to work done
onpremises
the work, to persons who might reasonably be expected to be not abated
affected by defects in the state of the premises created by the by disposal
doing of the work shall not be abated by the subsequent disposal ofpremises.
of the premises by the person who owed the duty.
( 2 ) This section does not apply-
( a ) in the case of premises which are let, where the relevant
tenancy of the premises commenced, or the relevant
tenancy agreement of the premises was entered into,
before the commencement of this Act ;
( b ) in the case of premises disposed of in any other way,
when the disposal of the premises was completed, or a
contract for their disposal was entered into, before
the commencement of this Act ; or
( c ) in either case, where the relevant transaction disposing
of the premises is entered into in pursuance of an
enforceable option by which the consideration for the
disposal was fixed before the commencement of this
Act .
4 .-( 1) Where premises are let under a tenancy which puts Landlord's
on the landlord an obligation to the tenant for the maintenance duty of care
or repair of the premises, the landlord owes to all persons who in virtue of
might reasonably be expected to be affected by defects in the obligation orright
state of the premises a duty to take such care as is reasonable to repair
in all the circumstances to see that they are reasonably safe premises
from personal injury or from damage to their property caused demised.
by a relevant defect.
( 2) The said duty is owed if the landlord knows ( whether as
the result of being notified by the tenant or otherwise) or if
he ought in all the circumstances to have known of the relevant
defect .
( 3 ) In this section " relevant defect " means a defect in the
state of the premises existing at or after the material time and
arising from, or continuing because of, an act or omission by
the landlord which constitutes or would if he had had notice
of the defect, have constituted a failure by him to carry out
his obligation to the tenant for the maintenance or repair of
the premises ; and for the purposes of the foregoing provision
" the material time " means-
( a ) where the tenancy commenced before this Act, the
commencement of this Act ; and
с. 35
530 Defective Premises Act 1972
Application
to Crown.
1947 с. 44.
Supplemental.
( b) in all other cases, the earliest of the following times,
that is to say-
(i) the time when the tenancy commences ;
(ii ) the time when the tenancy agreement is entered
into ;
(iii) the time when possession is taken of the
premises in contemplation of the letting.
( 4) Where premises are let under a tenancy which expressly
or impliedly gives the landlord the right to enter the premises
to carry out any description of maintenance or repair of the
premises, then, as from the time when he first is, or by notice
or otherwise can put himself, in a position to exercise the right
and so long as he is or can put himself in that position, he shall
be treated for the purposes of subsections ( 1 ) to (3) above ( but for
no other purpose) as if he were under an obligation to the
tenant for that description of maintenance or repair of the
premises ; but the landlord shall not owe the tenant any duty by
virtue of this subsection in respect of any defect in the state of
the premises arising from, or continuing because of , a failure
to carry out an obligation expressly imposed on the tenant by
the tenancy.
( 5) For the purposes of this section obligations imposed or
rights given by any enactment in virtue of a tenancy shall be
treated as imposed or given by the tenancy.
(6) This section applies to a right of occupation given by
contract or any enactment and not amounting to a tenancy as if
the right were a tenancy, and " tenancy " and cognate expres-
sions shall be construed accordingly.
5. This Act shall bind the Crown, but as regards the Crown's
liability in tort shall not bind the Crown further than the Crown
is made liable in tort by the Crown Proceedings Act 1947.
6.- (1) In this Act-
" disposal ", in relation to premises, includes a letting, and
an assignment or surrender of a tenancy, of the premises
and the creation by contract of any other right to
occupy the premises, and " dispose " shall be construed
accordingly ;
" personal injury " includes any disease and any impair-
ment of a person's physical or mental condition ;
" tenancy " means-
( a ) a tenancy created either immediately or
derivatively out of the freehold, whether by a lease
or underlease, by an agreement for a lease or under-
Defective Premises Act 1972 531
c. 35
lease or by a tenancy agreement, but not including
a mortgage term or any interest arising in favour
of a mortgagor by his attorning tenant to his
mortgagee ; or
( b) a tenancy at will or a tenancy on sufferance ;
or
(c) a tenancy, whether or not constituting a tenancy
at common law, created by or in pursuance of any
enactment ;
and cognate expressions shall be construed accordingly.
( 2) Any duty imposed by or enforceable by virtue of any
provision of this Act is in addition to any duty a person may
owe apart from that provision.
( 3) Any term of an agreement which purports to exclude or
restrict, or has the effect of excluding or restricting, the operation
of any of the provisions of this Act, or any liability arising by
virtue of any such provision, shall be void .
( 4 ) Section 4 of the Occupiers' Liability Act 1957 (repairing 1957 c. 31 .
landlords' duty to visitors to premises ) is hereby repealed.
7.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Defective Premises Act Short title ,
1972.
( 2) This Act shall come into force on 1st January 1974.
( 3 ) This Act does not extend to Scotland or Northern
Ireland.
commence-
ment and
extent.
532 c . 36
Amendment
of s. 30 of
1965 с. 51 .
HONIS
PENSE
EUET MONDROIT
National Insurance
(Amendment) Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 36
An Act to amend the provisions of the National Insurance
Acts 1965 to 1971 relating to the earnings rule for
retirement pensions and to make parallel provision
for Northern Ireland. [29th June 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1.- ( 1 ) For section 30( 7) of the National Insurance Act 1965
there shall be substituted-
" ( 7) Subject to any regulations under section 44( a) of
this Act, where the earnings of a beneficiary who is less than
five years over pensionable age have exceeded £9.50 for the
calendar week ending last before any week for which he is
entitled to a retirement pension, the weekly rate of his
pension shall for the last-mentioned week be reduced-
(a ) where the excess is less than £4.00, by 5 new pence
for each complete 10 new pence of the excess, and
( b) where the excess is not less than £4.00, by 5 new
pence for each complete 10 new pence of the
excess up to £ 4.00 and by 5 new pence for each
complete 5 new pence of any further excess :
Provided that this subsection shall not affect the rate of
the pension for the first week after the date ofthe beneficiary's
retirement. "
National Insurance ( Amendment) Act 1972 c . 36
533
( 2) Section 2(2) of the National Insurance Act 1971 is hereby 1971 c. 50.
repealed.
2.- (1) For section 29( 7 ) of the National Insurance Act Amendment
( Northern Ireland ) 1966 there shall be substituted a subsection of section 29
in the terms of that set out in section 1(1) above, but with the of 1966 c. 6
words " section 44 ( a) " replaced by the words " section 43(a) " ;
». (Ν.Ι.).
and Article 2(2) of the Social Services (Parity ) Order (Northern
Ireland ) 1971 is hereby repealed.
( 2 ) The Interpretation Act (Northern Ireland) 1954 shall apply
for the purposes of the interpretation of this Act in its application
to Northern Ireland as that Act applies for the purposes of the
interpretation of an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland;
and-
( a ) in section 104 of the National Insurance Act 1965 (which 1965 c. 51 .
provides for establishing a unified system of insurance
in Great Britain and Northern Ireland ) references to
Northern Irish legislation shall be deemed to include
this Act as it applies to Northern Ireland ; and
( b ) this Act shall, in so far as it relates to matters in respect
of which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power
to make laws, be deemed for the purposes of section 6
of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 to have been 1920 c. 67.
passed before the day referred to in that section as the
appointed day.
3. (1) This Act may be cited as the National Insurance Short title,
( Amendment) Act 1972. citation and
commence-
( 2 ) This Act as it applies to Great Britain may be cited with ment.
the National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1971 as the National
Insurance Acts 1965 to 1972, and shall come into force on such
day as the Secretary of State may by order made by statutory
instrument appoint.
( 3) This Act as it applies to Northern Ireland may be cited
with the National Insurance Acts (Northern Ireland) 1966 to
1971 as the National Insurance Acts ( Northern Ireland) 1966 to
1972, and shall come into force on such day as the Secretary of
State may by order appoint; and in relation to that order the
expression " rule-making authority " in the Statutory Rules Act 1958 c. 18
( Northern Ireland) 1958 shall include the Secretary of State (and ( N.I.).
the order shall be a statutory rule within the meaning of that Act
accordingly ) .
534 c. 37
30
Prohibition
of fishing
with certain
implements.
1968 с. 27.
PENSE
DIEUET MON DROIT
Salmon
and Freshwater
Fisheries
1972 CHAPTER 37
Act1972
An Act to amend the law relating to the regulation and
control of fishing for salmon, trout, freshwater fish and
eels, the protection and conservation of fisheries for
such fish, the times of fishing for and selling such fish and
the enforcement of the provisions of that law; and for
connected purposes. [29th June 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
1. ( 1) For section 1( 1) of the 1923 Act (prohibition of
fishing with lights, spears and other instruments) there shall be
substituted the following subsection : -
" (1) Subject to subsection (4) below, no person shall-
( a) use any of the following instruments, that is to
say-
(i) a firearm within the meaning of the Fire-
arms Act 1968 ;
(ii) an otter lath or jack, wire or snare ;
(iii) a crossline or setline ;
( iv ) a spear, gaff, stroke-haul, snatch or other
like instrument ;
(v ) a light ;
for the purpose of taking or killing salmon, trout
or freshwater fish.
(b) have in his possession any instrument mentioned
in paragraph (a) above intending to use it to
take or kill salmon, trout or freshwater fish ; or
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972 c. 37
535
( c ) throw or discharge any stone or other missile for
the purpose of taking or killing, or facilitating
the taking, or killing of any salmon, trout or
freshwater fish ."
( 2 ) In section 1(3) (definitions ) at the end there shall be added
the following paragraphs : -
(c ) " crossline " means a fishing line reaching from bank to
bank across water and having attached to it one or
more lures or baited hooks ;
( d ) " setline " means a fishing line left unattended in water
and having attached to it one or more lures or baited
hooks.
( 3) In section 1( 4 ) (exemption for gaffs, etc.), at the end
there shall be added the following words or having such a
gaff or a tailer in his possession intending to use it as afore-
said".
2.- ( 1 ) Any approval or consent given by the Minister to Provisional
or in relation to a fish pass for the purpose of section 14(1), approval of
19( 1 ) or 20 of the 1923 Act may, if in giving it he indicates that fish passes .
fact, be provisional until he notifies the applicant for approval
or consent that the fish pass is functioning to his satisfaction.
( 2) While any such approval or consent is provisional, the
Minister may, after giving the applicant not less than 90 days
notice of his intention to do so, revoke the approval or consent.
(3) Where the Minister revokes a provisional approval given
for the purpose of section 19( 1) of the 1923 Act to a fish pass
forming part of or in connection with a dam or other obstruction,
he may extend the period within which under that subsection
a fish pass is to be made as part of or in connection with
the obstruction ; and subsection (6) of that section ( power to
exempt dams from the operation of that section ) shall cease to
have effect.
( 4 ) In section 21 (1 ) of the 1923 Act (effect of approval of fish
pass) after the word " Minister " there shall be inserted the
words " and the approval has not been revoked " .
3.- (1) It shall be the duty of every river authority to make Close season
within three years of the passing of this Act byelaws under and close time
section 59( 1)(a) to ( d ) of the 1923 Act, as amended by the for salmon
and brown
following provisions of this section, fixing as respects their area or migratory
or the respective parts of it the annual close season and weekly trout.
close time for salmon and for trout other than rainbow trout,
and the references in the said paragraph ( d ) to trout shall be
construed as references to trout other than rainbow trout.
( 2 ) If within those three years a river authority have not made
any such byelaws for a part of their area, the Minister may,
536 c.37
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972
with or without a local inquiry, make such byelaws for that
part of that area, and paragraphs 2, 3 and 5 to 8 of Schedule
12 to the Water Resources Act 1963 ( provisions relating to
the making of byelaws by river authorities and to byelaws
of theirs which have been confirmed under that Schedule ) shall
apply to the making of byelaws by virtue of this subsection and
byelaws so made as they apply to the making of byelaws by a
river authority and to byelaws purporting to have been so made
and confirmed under that Schedule-
( a ) with the substitution of a reference to the Minister for
any reference to a river authority in paragraph 2 or
8 ( except for the reference in paragraph 8 to the
clerk of the authority) ;
(b) with the substitution of a reference to making or the
making of a byelaw for any reference in paragraphs 2
and 3 to applying or an application for the confirma-
tion of a byelaw ;
( c) with the substitution of a reference to a byelaw made
by the Minister for any reference in paragraphs 5 and 6
to a byelaw confirmed under that Schedule ; and
(d ) with the omission of paragraph 8(c) .
( 3) Any provision of the 1923 Act which specifies the period
of the annual close season or weekly close time for salmon or
for trout of any description, or the latest date on which under
any byelaws under section 59( 1)( a) to ( d ) any such season or
time is to commence, or the maximum length of any such time,
shall to the extent that it so specifies cease to have effect as
respects any river authority area as from the date on which any
byelaws made by virtue of this section come into force as
respects that area .
( 4 ) In section 59( 1) of that Act after paragraph ( b), there
shall be inserted the following paragraph-
" (bb) to fix or alter the close season for fishing for salmon
or for trout other than rainbow trout with putts or
putchers so that the close season is not less than 242
days. "
(5 ) In sections 30( 3)(d ) and 32(1)(A)( d ) of that Act (exemp-
tion of lawfully caught salmon and trout from prohibition of
sale during close season) the words " other than a rod and line "
shall cease to have effect.
Close season
4 .- (1) In section 59( 1)(e) of the 1923 Act ( power to make
for freshwater byelaws fixing or altering the annual close season for freshwater
fish and
rainbow trout.
fish ) for the words from " so that " to the end of the paragraph
there shall be substituted the words " or rainbow trout so
that the close season is not less than 93 days or to dispense
with it. "
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972 c. 37
537
( 2) The following provisions of this section shall have effect
instead of section 35(1) and ( 2) of that Act (prohibition of
fishing for freshwater fish during the annual close season for
such fish and definition of that season ), and section 35(3) of that
Act (prohibition of transactions in freshwater fish during that
season ) shall cease to have effect.
( 3) Subject to subsection ( 4 ) below, no person shall, during
the annual close season for freshwater fish or rainbow trout,
fish for, take or kill, or attempt to take or kill, any freshwater
fish or rainbow trout in any inland water or fish for eels by
means of a rod and line in any such water.
( 4 ) Subsection ( 3) above shall not apply-
( a ) to the removal by the owner or occupier, from any
several fishery where salmon or trout are specially
preserved, of any eels, freshwater fish or rainbow trout
not so preserved ;
( b ) to any person fishing with rod and line in any such
fishery with the previous permission in writing of its
owner or occupier ;
( c ) to any person fishing with rod and line for eels in any
waters in which such fishing is authorised by a byelaw
under this Act ;
( d ) to the taking of freshwater fish or trout for scientific
purposes, or the taking of freshwater fish for bait , in
a several fishery with the permission in writing of its
owner or occupier or, except where the taking would
contravene a byelaw under this Act, in any other
fishery.
( 5 ) The annual close season for freshwater fish shall be the
period between 14th March and 16th June except in relation
to waters for which such a season is dispensed with or a
different period is substituted by byelaws under section 59(1) ( e)
of the 1923 Act, and where a different period is so substituted
in relation to any waters, the annual close season for those
waters shall be that substitute period.
( 6) The annual close season for rainbow trout for any waters
is that fixed for those waters by byelaws under the said section
59(1) (e) .
5. (1 ) Section 59(1) of the 1923 Act ( byelaws of river Miscellaneous
authorities) shall have effect subject to the further amendments amendments as to byelaws .
made by the following provisions of this section.
( 2 ) For paragraph ( f ) there shall be substituted the following
paragraph:-
" ( f ) to specify the nets and other instruments (not being
fixed engines) which may be used for taking salmon,
538 Licences to
fish.
c. 37
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972
trout, freshwater fish and eels and to impose require-
ments as to the construction, design, material, dimen-
sions and use of such instruments, including in the
case of nets the size of mesh. "
( 3) For paragraph (q ) there shall be substituted the following
paragraph : -
" (q) to require persons fishing for salmon, trout or fresh-
water fish to send to the river authority returns, in
such form, giving such particulars and at such times
as may be specified in the byelaws, of any such fish
which they have taken or a statement that they have
taken no such fish .
6.- (1) The provisions of this section and sections 7 to 9
below shall have effect instead of Part VII of the 1923 Act.
(2) A river authority shall by means of a system of licensing
regulate fishing for salmon and trout in their area and, except
so far as excused by the Minister, shall by such means regulate
fishing for freshwater fish of any description or eels in their area.
( 3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a licence
granted for the purposes of this section ( hereafter in this Act
referred to as a fishing licence) shall entitle the person to whom
it was granted and no others to use an instrument specified in
the licence to fish for any fish of a description, in an area and
for a period so specified.
( 4) A fishing licence for the use of an instrument other than
a rod and line to fish for salmon or trout shall also authorise
the use of the instrument for that purpose by the duly authorised
servants or agents of the person to whom it was granted, but not
exceeding the number permitted by paragraph 13 of Schedule 1
to this Act.
( 5 ) A fishing licence for the use of a rod and line shall entitle
the licensee to use as ancillary to that use a gaff, consisting of a
plain metal hook without a barb, or a tailer or landing net.
(6 ) A fishing licence for the use of any instrument for fishing
for salmon shall authorise the use of that instrument for fishing
for trout.
( 7) A fishing licence in respect of any instrument for fishing
for salmon or trout shall authorise the use of that instrument
for fishing for freshwater fish and eels.
( 8) Any person or association entitled to an exclusive right of
fishing in any inland waters may be granted a general licence to
fish in those waters subject to any conditions agreed between
the river authority and the licensee, and the licence shall entitle
the licensee and, subject to section 12( 7) below, any person
authorised by him in writing or, in the case of an association,
by its secretary so to fish .
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972 c.37
539
( 9) Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with respect to
licences under this section .
7.-( 1) A river authority may by order confirmed by the Limitation of
Minister- licences .
( a ) limit for a period not exceeding ten years from the com-
ing into operation of the order the number of fishing
licences to be issued in any year for fishing in any part
of their area for salmon or trout other than rainbow
trout with any instrument so specified other than rod
and line ; and
(b) provide for the selection of the applicants to whom such
licences are to be issued where the number of applica-
tions exceeds the number of licences which may be
granted.
( 2) Where the Minister proposes to confirm an order under
this section, he shall require the river authority to publish
the order and notice of his intention to confirm it in such
manner as he may require, together with a notification that
within a period specified in the requirement written objections
to the order may be made to him.
( 3) The Minister shall consider any such objections received
by him within the said period, and-
( a) if the number of licences as proposed to be limited by
the order is less than the number of licences issued in
any of the three years preceding the year in which the
order is to come into operation ; and
( b) any such objection is made by any person who has
during each of the two years preceding that year held
a licence of the same description as the licences which
it is proposed so to limit in number ;
he shall cause a local inquiry to be held before confirming the
order.
( 4) Subject to subsection (5) below, the Minister shall not
confirm an order under this section unless he is satisfied that
the terms of the order relating to the selection of applicants for
licences are such as to secure that any person who during
the year preceding that year held a fishing licence to use an
instrument of any description and who is dependent on fishing
for his livelihood will be able to obtain a fishing licence to use
an instrument of that description.
( 5 ) If it appears to the Minister that the operation of sub-
section (4) above would be detrimental to the conservation of
any fishery, he may direct that that subsection shall in its
application to that fishery have effect with the substitution for
the words " the year " of the words " the two years " or, if in
his opinion, special circumstances justify it, " the three years ".
540 c.37
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972
Unlicensed
fishing .
Production
of licence.
(6) The Minister may with the consent of the river authority
vary an order submitted to him under this section before confirm-
ing it and may require the river authority to publish the terms
of the proposed variation in such manner, if any, as he may
specify in the requirement.
( 7) An order under this section may be revoked by the
Minister, or by an order made by the river authority and
confirmed by the Minister.
8. A person is guilty of an offence if , in any place in which
fishing for fish of any description is regulated by a system of
licensing, he
( a ) fishes for or takes fish of that description otherwise than
by means of an instrument which he is entitled to use
for that purpose by virtue of a licence under section 6
above or otherwise than in accordance with the
conditions of the licence ; or
( b) has in his possession with intent to use it for that
purpose an instrument other than one which he is
authorised to use for that purpose by virtue of such a
licence.
9.-(1 ) Any of the following persons, namely-
( a ) any member of a river authority on producing a
certificate of his membership signed by the clerk of the
authority ;
( b) any water bailiff appointed under the Water Resources
Act 1963 on producing evidence of his appointment ;
( c) any constable ;
may require any person who is fishing, or whom he reasonably
suspects of being about to fish or to have within the preceding
half hour fished, in a river authority area to produce his licence
or other authority to fish and to state his name and address .
( 2) A person holding a fishing licence for any river authority
area may, on production of his licence, require any person who
is fishing in that area to produce his licence or other authority
to fish and to state his name and address.
( 3) If any person required under the foregoing provisions of
this section to produce his licence or other authority or to state
his name and address fails to do so, he shall be guilty of an
offence ; but if within seven days after the production of his
licence was so required he produces the licence or other authority
at the office of the river authority, he shall not be convicted
ofan offence under this section of failing to produce it .
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972 c. 37
541
10. Aperson is guilty of an offence if he introduces any fish or Restriction on
spawn of fish into an inland water, or has in his possession any the
fish or spawn of fish intending to introduce it into an inland introduction
offish into
water, unless he first obtains the written consent of the river inland waters.
authority within whose area any part of that water is situated.
11.- (1) In section 67(1) of the 1923 Act (powers of search Powers of
and seizure) for paragraphs (b) and (c) there shall be substituted entry, search,
the following paragraphs : -
seizure and
arrest.
66 (b) examine any instrument or bait which he has
reasonable cause to suspect of having been or being
used or likely to be used in taking fish in contraven-
tion of this Act or the Salmon and Freshwater
Fisheries Act 1972 or any container which he has
reasonable cause to suspect of having been or being
used or likely to be used for holding any such instru-
ment, bait or fish ;
( c ) stop and search any boat or other vessel used in fishing
in a river authority area or any vessel or vehicle
which he has reasonable cause to suspect of
containing-
(i ) fish which had been caught in contravention
of this Act or the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries
Act 1972;
(ii) any such instrument, bait or container as
aforesaid ".
( 2 ) In section 67( 2) of the 1923 Act (obstruction) after the
words " authorised to make " there shall be inserted the words
"or to seize anything which he is so authorised to seize " and
for the words " or examination ", in the second place where
they occur, there shall be substituted the words " examination or
seizure ".
(3) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 9( 2) of Schedule
3 to the Water Resources Act 1963 (exclusion of provisions of 1963 c. 38.
the 1923 Act in river authority areas), section 68 of the 1923
Act (entry on land to prevent offences) shall apply to river
authorities and river authority areas, and-
( a ) in that section and sections 69 and 70 of the 1923 Act
( entry on land to detect offences, etc. ) references to
offences against the 1923 Act shall include references
to offences against this Act ; and
( b) the powers conferred by those sections on water
bailiffs may be exercised by any other officer or servant
of the river authority and references in those sections
to water bailiffs shall be construed accordingly.
( 4 ) In section 70 of the 1923 Act the word " concealed ", in
both cases where it occurs, shall cease to have effect and for
542 c.37
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972
the word " engines ", in both places where it occurs, there
shall be substituted the words " other instruments " .
(5) Sections 70 and 71 of the 1923 Act (power to arrest
persons fishing illegally at night ) shall apply in relation to eels
as they apply in relation to freshwater fish.
Provision
for trial of
12.-(1) The following provisions of this section shall have
effect with respect to offences against the 1923 Act and this
offenders and penalties for
Act, and accordingly section 74 of that Act shall cease to have
offences. effect .
( 2 ) Parts I and II of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect
with respect to the prosecution and punishment of the offences
against the provisions of the 1923 Act and this Act respectively
specified in column 1 of that Schedule ( of which a rough descrip-
tion is given in column 2 thereof ), and in relation to any such
offence-
( a ) column 3 shows whether the offence is punishable sum-
marily (that is to say, on summary conviction) or on
indictment or either in one way or the other ; and
( b) column 4 shows the maximum punishment by way of
fine or imprisonment which may be imposed on a
person convicted of the offence in the way specified
in column 3 (that is to say, summarily or on indict-
ment) , any reference in column 4 to a period of years
or months being construed as a reference to a term of
imprisonment for that period.
(3) For the purposes of Schedule 2 to this Act a person shall
be treated as acting together with another, if both are engaged
in committing an offence against section 1 of the 1923 Act
or an offence against section 8 above, other than one com-
mitted by means of a rod or line or without any instrument, or
one is aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring the commission
of such an offence by the other.
( 4) Aperson guilty of an offence against any provision of the
1923 Act or this Act not specified in the said Schedule 2 shall
be liable to a fine not exceeding £50 or, in the case of a second
or subsequent conviction, £100.
( 5 ) The court by which a person is convicted of an offence
against the 1923 Act or this Act may order the forfeiture of-
( a) any fish illegally taken by him or in his possession
at the time of the offence ;
( b) any instrument, bait or other thing used in the com-
mission of the offence ;
( c ) in the case of an offence of unlawful possession of any
substance or device in contravention of section 9 of
the 1923 Act, that substance or device ; and
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972 c. 37
543
( d ) on conviction on indictment, any vessel or vehicle used
in or in connection with the commission of the offence
or in which any substance or device unlawfully in his
possession was contained at the time of the offence ;
and may order any object so forfeited to be disposed of as the
court thinks fit.
(6) Schedule 7 to the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (pro - 1952 c. 44.
visions relating to the forfeiture of things seized under that Act)
shall apply in relation to any vessel or vehicle liable to forfeiture
under subsection (5 ) above as it applies in relation to anything
liable to forfeiture under that Act , but in its application in
relation to any such vessel or vehicle, shall have effect subject to
the following modifications : -
( a ) provisos (a) to (c) to paragraph 1 and paragraph 5
of that Schedule shall be omitted ;
( b ) for references in that Schedule to the Commissioners
of Customs and Excise there shall be substituted
references to the river authority within whose area the
offence in question was committed ; and
( c ) the court shall not condemn a vehicle or vessel as
forfeited under paragraph 6 of that Schedule if satisfied
by its owner that that offence was committed without
his knowledge and that he could not have reasonably
foreseen that it would be used as mentioned in sub-
section (5) (d ) above ;
and where notice of claim in respect of anything is duly given
in accordance with paragraphs 3 and 4 of that Schedule, as
applied by this subsection, the court shall not exercise its power
of ordering forfeiture of the vessel or vehicle under subsection
( 5 ) above.
In this subsection " owner ", in relation to a vessel or vehicle
which is the subject of a hire-purchase agreement, means the
person inpossession of the vehicle under that agreement.
( 7) If a person is convicted of an offence against the 1923 Act
or this Act and is subsequently convicted of any such offence,
the court may order that any fishing or general licence held by
him shall be forfeited, and that he shall be disqualified for
holding and obtaining a fishing or general licence or for fish-
ing in a river authority area by virtue of a fishing or general
licence for such period not exceeding one year as the court
thinks fit.
13 .- (1) A person who is prosecuted for an offence against the Supplementary
1923 Act or this Act and who is the holder of a fishing or provision as
general licence shall either- to disquali-
fications and
( a ) cause it to be delivered to the clerk of the court not forfeiture of
later than the day before the date appointed for the licences.
hearing, or
544 Supplemental.
1963 с. 38 .
1923 с. 16.
c.37
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972
( b) post it, at such a time that in the ordinary course of post
it would be delivered not later than that day, in a
letter duly addressed to the clerk and either registered
or sent by the recorded delivery service, or
(c ) have it with him at the hearing ;
and if he is convicted of the offence and the court makes an
order under section 12(7) above the court shall order the licence
to be surrendered to it ; and if the offender has not posted the
licence or caused it to be delivered as aforesaid and does not
surrender it as required then he shall be guilty of an offence
and the licence shall be revoked from the time when its surrender
was ordered.
( 2 ) Where a court orders a fishing or general licence to be
surrendered to it under subsection ( 1) above, or where by an
order of a court under section 12( 7 ) above a person is disqualified
for holding or obtaining a licence, the court shall-
( a ) send notice of the order to the river authority within
whose area the offence was committed, unless the
authority prosecuted in the case ;
(b) if the licence has been so surrendered, retain it
and forward it to that authority, who may dispose
of it as they think fit.
14.- (1) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise
requires-
"fishing licence " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 6(3) above ;
" general licence " means a licence granted under section
6( 8) above ;
" inland water " has the same meaning as in the Water
Resources Act 1963 and any reference in this Act to
an inland water includes references to part of an
inland water ;
" the 1923 Act " means the Salmon and Freshwater
Fisheries Act 1923.
( 2) Expressions used in the 1923 Act and this Act have the
same meanings in this Act as they have in that Act.
( 3) It is hereby declared that in the 1923 Act and this Act
references to eels include references to elvers and the fry of eels.
( 4 ) Functions conferred on river authorities by or by virtue of
this Act shall be treated for the purposes of the Water Resources
Act 1963 as transferred functions, and not as new functions, of
those authorities.
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972 c.37
545
15.- (1) In section 82 of the 1923 Act ( exclusion of that Act Provisions as
from applying to the River Tweed) and section 83 of that Act to border
( application of that Act to the River Esk and its tributaries) rivers .
references to that Act shall include references to this Act.
( 2 ) In section 126(1) of the Water Resources Act 1963 (exten- 1963 c. 38.
sion of river authority fishery functions to the River Esk and its
tributaries in Scotland ), as amended by section 2(3) of the Salmon 1965 с. 68.
and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1965, for the words " the Salmon
and Freshwater Fisheries Acts 1923 to 1965 " there shall be
substituted the words " the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries
Acts 1923 to 1972 ".
(3) Offences against the 1923 Act or this Act committed in
Scotland shall be proceeded against and punished in Scotland ,
and proviso (a ) to the said section 126( 1) (prosecution of offences
in Scotland) shall not apply to offences under the Salmon and
Freshwater Fisheries Acts 1923 to 1972.
16 .- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Salmon and Freshwater Short title ,
Fisheries Act 1972. citation,
repeals,
( 2) This Act and the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Acts transitional
1923 to 1965 may be cited together as the Salmon and Fresh- provisions and extent.
water Fisheries Acts 1923 to 1972.
(3) The provisions of the 1923 Act specified in Part I of
Schedule 3 to this Act are hereby repealed as from the passing
of this Act, those specified in Part II of that Schedule are hereby
repealed in any river authority area as from the coming into
force in that area of byelaws made by virtue of section 3 above
and the provisions of the enactments specified in Part III of
that Schedule are hereby repealed as from the passing of this
Act to the extent specified in relation thereto in the third column
of that Part of that Schedule.
( 4) Any licence in force under any provision of section 61 of
the 1923 Act immediately before the passing of this Act shall
be treated as having been granted under the corresponding
provision of section 6 of this Act ; and any order limiting the
number of licences in force in a river authority area under
section 62 of that Act immediately before the passing of this Act
shall be treated as having been made under section 7 of this
Act and as having limited the number of licences in that area
for a period of ten years from the passing of this Act.
(5) This Act, except section 15, does not extend to Scotland.
( 6 ) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
S
546 Section 6.
c. 37
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
PROVISIONS WITH RESPECT TO LICENCES
Duty on licences
1. Except where the river authority in special cases grants an
exemption from this paragraph, there shall be payable in respect
of a fishing licence a duty fixed in accordance with the following
provisions of this Schedule by the river authority.
2. Different duties may be fixed by the river authority under
paragraph 1 above for different instruments, different periods, different
parts of their area, different descriptions of fish and different classes
of licence holder.
3. A river authority shall at least one month before fixing or
altering a duty for the use of any instrument in any part of their
area, except a duty payable in respect of a temporary licence,
publish in one or more newspapers circulating in that part of their
area notice of their intention to do so.
4. If during the month immediately following the publication of
the said notice a written objection to the proposed duty is made to
the Minister by any interested person , the river authority shall not
fix or alter the duty without the approval of the Minister.
5. The Minister, with or without a local inquiry, may refuse to
approve any duty submitted by a river authority for his approval
under paragraph 4 above or may approve the duty with or without
modifications ; and the authority shall if so directed by the Minister
cause notice of any proposed modification to be given in accordance
with the direction.
6. Any duty fixed under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule
shall not take effect until the beginning of the year following that
in which it is fixed or in the case of a duty required to be approved
by the Minister, in which it is approved by him.
7. A river authority may grant a temporary licence, that is to
say, a licence authorising the use of an instrument for fishing in
circumstances specified in the licence during a period not exceeding
14 days, and may charge in respect of that licence a duty less than
the duty fixed for the use of that instrument under the foregoing
provisions of this Schedule.
8. There shall be payable in respect of a general licence such
sum as may be agreed between the river authority and the licensee.
Net, etc. licences for salmon and trout fishing
9. A person shall be treated for the purposes of section 6 (4 )
above as the duly authorised servant or agent of the holder of a
licence to use an instrument of any description only in the following
cases-
( a ) in an area in which there is in force an order under section
7 above limiting the number of licences for fishing with
instruments of that description , if his name and address
are entered on the licence in accordance with the following
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972 c . 37
547
provisions of this Schedule and he is not the holder of
another licence to use an instrument of that description in
that area;
( b ) in any other area, if his name and address are so entered
or when using the instrument to which the licence relates
he is accompanied by the licensee ; or
( c ) in the case of any area, if the river authority directs that
owing to special circumstances he is to be so treated.
10. The name and address of a servant or agent may be entered
on a licence by an officer of the river authority authorised to do so
or by the licensee or an agent who has been appointed by the
licensee to act for the purposes of this paragraph and whose appoint-
ment, together with his name and address, has been notified to the
river authority.
11. The date of an entry in a licence shall be stated in the licence
at the time of the making of the entry and within 24 hours of the
making of an entry by a licensee or his agent a copy shall be sent,
together with a fee of 20p for every name and address entered, to
the river authority.
12. The name and address of a servant or agent may be removed
from, or inserted in , a licence on payment of a fee of 20p for each
removal or insertion or, where a name and address are inserted in
substitution for a name and address removed, for each substitution.
13. The number of servants or agents whose names may at any
time be entered on a licence shall not exceed twice the number of
persons who in the opinion of the river authority are required to
work at one time the instrument to which the licence relates or,
where the applicant for the licence notifies the authority at the time
of the application that he proposes to take part in working the
instrument, one less than twice that number.
14. Any person who with intent to deceive enters on a licence
more names than are permitted by paragraph 13 above or states
falsely the date of an entry in a licence is guilty of an offence.
Miscellaneous
15. Subject to section 7 above, a fishing licence shall on payment
of the duty in respect of the instrument to which the licence relates
be granted by the river authority to every applicant therefor who is
at the time of the application not disqualified for holding a fishing
licence.
16. A fishing licence shall not confer any right to fish at a place
or a time at which the licensee is not otherwise entitled to fish.
17. A fishing licence shall not authorise the erection of any
structure or the use of any installation or instrument for or in
connection with fishing the erection or use of which would be
otherwise illegal.
18. Section 81 (1) of the 1923 Act ( evidence of byelaws and licence
duties under that Act ) shall apply to a licence duty fixed and, if it
be the case, approved by the Minister under this Schedule as it
applies to licence duties fixed and approved under that Act.
S2
SCH. 1
( 1 ) Provision of the
1923 Act creating
the offence
Section 1
...
( 2 )
such fish .
Section 8
taining fish or spawn .
...
...
Section 9 ( 3 )
Section 26 Section 27 Section 31
Section 36 take or destroy fish .
...
...
SCHEDULE 2
PROSECUTION AND PUNISHMENT OF OFFENCES
PART I
OFFENCES UNDER THE 1923 Аст
( 3 )
Rough description of offence
Mode of prosecution
Fishing with certain instruments for salmon , trout or fresh- water fish and possessing certain instruments for fishing for
( a ) If not acting with another ,
summarily . ( b ) If acting with another-
( i ) summarily ;
( ii ) on indictment .
Discharging poisonous or injurious matter into waters con- ( a ) Summarily .
Fishing for salmon during the annual close season . ( b ) On indictment .
Using explosives , poisons , noxious substances or electrical devices , and cutting through or destroying dams , etc. , to
( a ) Summarily .
( b ) On indictment .
Summarily .
Fishing for salmon during the weekly close time . Summarily .
Fishing for trout during the annual close season . Summarily .
Prohibition on use of certain devices at certain times .
Summarily .
Section 12 .
548 ( 4 )
c.37
Punishment
£ 50 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction £ 100 .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 200 . Two years or a fine or both .
£ 400 and £ 40 for each day on which the offence continues after
a conviction thereof . A fine or two years or both .
£ 200 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction £ 400 .
Two years or a fine or both .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 200 .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction £ 200 .
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction £ 200 .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 200 .
( 1 ) Provision of this
Act creating
the offence
Section 4
Section 8 S3
PART II
OFFENCES UNDER THIS ACT
( 2 )
( 3 )
Rough description of offence
Mode of prosecution
and line during that season .
intent to use it for fishing .
Fishing for freshwater fish and rainbow trout during the Summarily .
annual close season and fishing for eels by means of a rod
Fishing for fish otherwise than under the authority of a licence and possessing an unlicensed instrument with
( a ) If not acting with another ,
summarily .
( b ) If acting with another-
( i ) summarily ;
( ii ) on indictment .
( 4 )
Punishment
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 200 .
£ 50 ; or in the case of a second or
subsequent conviction £ 100 .
£ 100 ; or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction £ 200 .
Two years or a fine or both .
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972 c. 37
549
550 c. 37
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972
Section16. SCHEDULE 3
REPEALS
PART I
REPEALS OF THE 1923 ACT TAKING EFFECT ON THE
PASSING OF THIS ACT
In section 1( 2 ), the words " against this Act ".
In section 2( 2), the words " against this Act ".
In section 3( 2), the words " against this Act ".
In section 4(2), the words " against this Act ".
In section 6( 2), the words " against this Act ".
In section 7( 2 ), the words " against this Act ".
In section 8(1), the words " against this Act " .
In section 9, in subsection ( 3), the words " and shall be liable " to
the end, and subsection ( 4 ).
In section 11 ( 3), the words " against this Act ".
In section 12( 2), the words " against this Act ".
In section 13( 2 ), the words " against this Act ".
In section 14( 2), the words " against this Act "
In section 15(2), the words " against this Act ".
In section 17( 2), the words " against this Act ".
In section 18( 2 ), the words " against this Act ".
In section 19, in subsections ( 2) and ( 4), the words " against this
Act ", wherever occurring, and subsection ( 6) .
In section 20( 4), the words " against this Act " .
In section 22, in subsections (1 ), (2) and ( 3), the words " against
this Act " , wherever occurring.
In section 23( 4), the words " against this Act " .
In section 24( 5), the words " against this Act ".
In section 26( 2), the words " against this Act " .
In section 27(2), the words " against this Act ".
In section 28(2), the words " against this Act ".
In section 29, the words " against this Act ".
In section 30 , in subsection ( 2), the words " against this Act " and
in subsection ( 3)(d ) , the words " other than a rod and line " .
In section 31 (2), the words " against this Act ".
In section 32(1), the words " against this Act ".
In section 32(1A)( d ), as inserted by the Salmon and Freshwater
Fisheries (Amendment) Act 1929, the words " other than a rod and
line ".
In section 33( 4) , the words " against this Act ".
In section 34 ( 3), the words " against this Act " .
Section 35.
In section 36( 2), the words " against this Act ".
In section 37, as amended by the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries
Act 1935, the words " or elver fisheries " .
In section 38, in subsection (1), paragraph ( 1 ) and the proviso,
and subsection ( 4 ) .
In section 59, in subsection (1), in paragraphs ( a) and ( b), the words
from " and does not " to the end of each paragraph; in paragraph (c) ,
the words “ nor more than seventy-two " ; in paragraph ( d ), the words
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1972 c . 37
551
" and does not commence later than the first day of September in
each year ", the words " and does not commence " , in the second
place where they occur, to " each year " in the last place where they
occur, and the words " nor more than seventy- two " ; and in sub-
section (3), the words " against this Act " .
Sections 61 to 65.
In section 70, the word " concealed ", in both places where it occurs .
Section 74.
Section 75( 2 ) .
In section 83, the proviso.
Section 88 .
In section 92, in the definition of " freshwater fish ", the words " and
the fry of eels " and the definition of " licensee ".
In section 93( 2), proviso (i) and, in proviso (ii), the words
" orscale
of licence duties " and " or scale " .
PART II
REPEALS OF THE 1923 ACT TAKING EFFECT ON THE
COMING INTO FORCE OF BYELAWS
Section 26( 3) to (5) .
Section 27( 3).
In section 31 , in subsections ( 3), ( 4 ) and ( 5 ), the words from
" or
if there " to the end of each subsection.
SCH. 3
PART III
OTHER REPEALS TAKING EFFECT ON THE
PASSING OF THIS ACT
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
25 &26Geo. 5. The Salmon and Freshwater In section 1 the words " and
c.43.
Fisheries Act 1935.
elver fisheries " and the
"
words or elver fisheries ".
Section 2.
1963 с. 38.
The Water Resources Act | In Schedule 3, in paragraph
1963. 9( 2 ), the words " 68 and
88".
S4
552 c. 38
BDTC
Matrimonial
relief and
declarations
of validity in
respect of
polygamous
marriages :
England and
Wales.
1965 с. 72.
1970 с. 45.
DIEU ET MON DROIT
SINOH
YPENSE
Matrimonial Proceedings
( Polygamous Marriages)
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 38
An Act to enable matrimonial relief to be granted, and
declarations concerning the validity of a marriage to be
made, notwithstanding that the marriage in question was
entered into under a law which permits polygamy,
and to make a consequential amendment in the
Nullity of Marriage Act 1971 . [29th June 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
1.- (1 ) A court in England and Wales shall not be precluded
from granting matrimonial relief or making a declaration con-
cerning the validity of a marriage by reason only that the marriage
in question was entered into under a law which permits polygamy.
( 2) In this section " matrimonial relief " means-
( a ) a decree of divorce, nullity of marriage or judicial
separation ;
( b ) a decree under section 14 of the Matrimonial Causes
Act 1965 ( presumption of death and dissolution of
marriage) ;
( c ) an order under section 6 of the Matrimonial Proceedings
and Property Act 1970 (wilful neglect to maintain) ;
( d ) an order under section 14 of the said Act of 1970 (altera-
tion of maintenance agreements) ;
c. 38
Matrimonial Proceedings 553
(Polygamous Marriages ) Act 1972
( e ) an order under any provision of the said Acts of 1965
and 1970 or the Divorce Reform Act 1969 which confers 1969 c. 55.
a power exercisable in connection with, or in connection
with proceedings for, any such decree or order as is
mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs ;
( f ) anorder under the Matrimonial Proceedings (Magistrates' 1960 c . 48.
Courts) Act 1960.
( 3) In this section " a declaration concerning the validity of a
marriage " means-
( a ) adeclaration that a marriage is valid or invalid; and
( b ) any other declaration involving a determination as to
the validity of a marriage,
being a declaration in a decree granted under section 39 of the
said Act of 1965 or a declaration made in proceedings brought
by virtue of rules of court relating to declaratory judgments.
( 4 ) This section has effect whether or not either party to the
marriage in question has for the time being any spouse additional
to the other party; and provision may be made by rules ofcourt-
( a) for requiring notice of proceedings brought by virtue of
this section to be served on any such other spouse ; and
( b ) for conferring on any such other spouse the right to be
heard in any such proceedings,
in such cases as may be specified in the rules.
2.- (1 ) A court in Scotland shall not be precluded from enter- Matrimonial
taining proceedings for, or granting, any such decree as is relief and
mentioned in subsection ( 2) below by reason only that the marriage declarations as
to validity in
to which the proceedings relate was entered into under a law respect of
which permits polygamy.
polygamous
marriages :
( 2 ) The decrees referred to in subsection (1) above are-
Scotland.
( a ) a decree of divorce ;
( b ) a decree of nullity of marriage ;
( c ) a decree of dissolution of marriage under section 5 of
the Divorce (Scotland ) Act 1938 ( presumption of death 1938 с. 50.
and dissolution of marriage);
( d ) adecree of judicial separation ;
(e ) a decree of separation and aliment, adherence and
aliment, or interim aliment ;
( f ) a decree of declarator that a marriage is valid or invalid;
c . 38
554 Matrimonial Proceedings
( Polygamous Marriages)Act 1972
( g ) any other decree involving a determination as to the
validity of a marriage;
and the reference in subsection(1) above to granting such a decree
as aforesaid includes a reference to making any ancillary order
which the court has power to make in proceedings for such
adecree.
( 3) This section has effect whether or not either party to the
marriage in question has for the time being any spouse additional
to the other party; and provision may be made by rules of
court-
( a ) for requiring notice of proceedings brought by virtue of
this section to be served on any such other spouse; and
( b ) for conferring on any such other spouse the right to be
heard in any such proceedings,
in such cases as may be specified in the rules.
Matrimonial
relief and
declarations
of validity
in respect of
polygamous
marriages:
Northern
Ireland.
1939 с. 13
( Ν.Ι.).
1951 с. 7
( Ν.Ι. ).
1945 с. 14
( Ν.Ι.) .
1868 с. 20.
3.- (1 ) A court in Northern Ireland shall not be precluded
from granting matrimonial relief or making a declaration con-
cerning the validity of a marriage by reason only that the marriage
in question was entered into under a law which permits polygamy.
( 2) In this section " matrimonial relief " means-
( a) a decree of divorce, nullity of marriage or judicial
separation;
( b ) a decree under section 12 of the Matrimonial Causes Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1939 ( dissolution of marriage on
presumption of death) ;
( c ) an order under section 4 of the Law Reform ( Miscel-
laneous Provisions ) Act (Northern Ireland ) 1951 (wilful
neglect to maintain) ;
( d ) an order made under any provision of the said Act of
1939, or under section 4 of the said Act of 1951 , which
confers a power exercisable in connection with, or in
connection with any proceedings for, any such decree
or order as is mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs ;
( e ) an order under the Summary Jurisdiction ( Separation
and Maintenance) Act ( Northern Ireland) 1945 .
( 3) In this section " a declaration concerning the validity of a
marriage " means-
( a) adeclaration that a marriage is valid or invalid; and
( b) any other declaration involving a determination as to the
validity of a marriage,
being a declaration in a decree granted under the Legitimacy
Declaration Act (Ireland ) 1868 or a declaration made in pro-
ceedings brought by virtue of rules of court relating to declaratory
judgments.
c. 38
Matrimonial Proceedings 555
( Polygamous Marriages ) Act 1972
( 4 ) This section has effect whether or not either party to the
marriage in question has for the time being any spouse additional
to the other party; and provision may be made by rules of
court-
( a ) for requiring notice of proceedings brought by virtue of
this section to be served on any such other spouse ; and
( b ) for conferring on any such other spouse the right to be
heard in any such proceedings,
in such cases as may be specified in the rules.
4. In section 1 of the Nullity of Marriage Act 1971 ( which Amendment
states as respects England and Wales the grounds on which a
of s. 1 of
marriage taking place after the commencement of that Act is Nullity of
void ) after paragraph ( c ) there shall be added- .1971
Marriage Act
" ( d ) in the case of a polygamous marriage entered into 1971 с. 44.
outside England and Wales, that either party was at the
time of the marriage domiciled in England and Wales.
For the purposes of paragraph ( d ) of this section a
marriage may be polygamous although at its inception
neither party has any spouse additional to the other. "
5.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Matrimonial Proceedings Short title ,
( Polygamous Marriages) Act 1972. interpretation
and powers
( 2 ) References in this Act to any enactment shall be con- of Parliament
ofNorthern
strued as references to that enactment as amended , and as Ireland .
including references thereto as extended or applied, by any
subsequent enactment.
( 3) In subsection ( 2) of this section " enactment includes
ود
an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland; and for
the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 1920 c. 67.
this Act shall, so far as it relates to matters within the powers
of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, be deemed to be an Act
passed before the appointed day within the meaning of that
section.
556 c. 39
Amendment
ofs. 44 of
Police Act
1964 .
1964 с. 48.
Short title.
NOHO •
PENSE
DIEU ET MON DROIT
Police Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 39
An Act to relax the prohibition on the Police Federation
for England and Wales or the Police Federation for
Scotland being associated with any body or person
outside the police service . [29th June 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :—
1. (1 ) Section 44 of the Police Act 1964 (Police Federations)
shall be amended as follows .
66
( 2 ) In subsection (2) after the words " of, and " there shall be
inserted the words " subject to subsection ( 2A ) of this section " .
( 3) After subsection (2 ) there shall be inserted the following
subsection : -
" (2A ) The Secretary of State from time to time may
authorise a Police Federation or a branch thereof to be
associated with a person or body outside the police service
in such cases and manner, and subject to such conditions
and restrictions, as he may specify and may vary or with-
draw an authorisation previously given; and anything for
the time being so authorised shall not be precluded by
subsection (2) of this section . "
2. This Act may be cited as the Police Act 1972.
c . 40 557
PENSE
DIEUETMON DROLL
Overseas
Export
Investment
and
An Act to authorise the Secretary of State to enter into
Guarantees
1972 CHAPTER 40
Act1972
certain agreements relating to overseas enterprises, and
in particular to investment overseas, and to amend the
Export Guarantees Act 1968 . [29th June 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may with the consent of the Investment
Treasury make such arrangements as are provided for by this overseas:
section for the purpose of insuring investment overseas against arrangements for meeting
the risk of war, expropriation, restrictions on remittances and non-
such other risks as appear to the Secretary of State not to be commercial
commercial risks .
risks.( 2) The Secretary of State may under the arrangements enter
into agreements with persons carrying on business in the United
Kingdom, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, or with
companies controlled by such persons, under which the Secretary
of State undertakes to indemnify the other party to the agreement
against any loss of a description specified in the agreement which
arises in connection with an investment of resources by that party,
or by a company controlled by that party, in an enterprise
carried on wholly or partly in a country other than the United
Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.
( 3) Any such arrangements may include provision for an agree-
ment in pursuance of the arrangements to contain such terms as
the Secretary of State considers appropriate in the circumstances
of the case.
558 c . 40
Overseas Investment and Export Guarantees
Act 1972
Arrangements
for meeting
non-
commercial
risks :
financial
provisions.
( 4 ) All powers and duties of the Secretary of State under this
section shall be exercised and performed through the Export
Credits Guarantee Department.
( 5 ) The Secretary of State shall within the period of six months
beginning with the passing of this Act publish a return showing
the aggregate amount of the liabilities assumed by him under this
section, and shall thereafter publish quarterly a return showing
the aggregate amount of those liabilities assumed since the date
of the last previous return under this subsection .
( 6 ) As soon as may be after 31st March in 1973 and in each
subsequent year the Secretary of State shall prepare a report on
the discharge of his functions under this section, and shall lay the
report before Parliament.
2.- (1 ) Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State under
the preceding section shall, subject to the provisions of this
section, be defrayed out of money provided by Parliament.
( 2 ) If any sum required by the Secretary of State for fulfilling
his liabilities under such an agreement is not paid out of money
provided by Parliament, it shall be charged on and paid out of
the Consolidated Fund.
( 3) The aggregate of the liabilities at any time of the Secretary
of State under the preceding section shall not exceed the limit
specified in subsection ( 4) below.
( 4 ) The said limit shall be £ 250 million, but the Secretary of
State may, on not more than two occasions, by order made with
the consent of the Treasury, increase or further increase that limit
by a sum specified in the order, being a sum not exceeding
£250 million.
An order under this subsection shall be contained in a
statutory instrument, and such an order shall not be made unless
a draft of the order has been approved by a resolution of the
Commons House of Parliament.
Abortive
3.- (1) The Secretary of State may with the consent of the
exploratory expenditure
Treasury enter into an agreement with any person carrying on
connected
business in the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands or the Isle
with overseas
of Man, or with a company controlled by such a person, under
enterprises.
which the Secretary of State undertakes that if the other party to
the agreement, or a company controlled by that party-
( a ) incurs expenditure approved by the Secretary of State in
considering whether to make an investment of resources
of a description so approved in an enterprise carried
on or proposed to be carried on in a country other
than the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the
Isle of Man ; or
Overseas Investment and Export Guarantees c.40 559
Act 1972
( b) incurs expenditure approved by the Secretary of State
in considering whether to participate in the management
of such an enterprise,
and decides not to participate (whether by making an investment
or otherwise ), the Secretary of State will pay to the other party
such sum, not exceeding the amount of the expenditure aforesaid,
as may be provided by the agreement; and any such agreement
may contain such terms as the Secretary of State considers
appropriate in the circumstances of the case.
( 2 ) Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State by virtue
of this section shall be defrayed out of money provided by
Parliament.
4.- (1) In section 4( 1) of the Export Guarantees Act 1968- Export
( a ) in paragraph ( a) ( commitments under section 1 of the guarantees:
increase of
Act ) for the words " £2,400 million " there shall be limits on
substituted the words " £6,200 million ", and commitments.
( b ) in paragraph ( b) (commitments under section 2 of that 1968 с. 26.
Act ) for the words " £1,500 million " there shall be
substituted the words " £6,000 million " .
( 2 ) Section 1 of the Export Guarantees and Payments Act 1970 1970 c. 15.
( which increased the said amounts of £2,400 million and £1,500
million to £ 4,000 million and £2,500 million) shall be repealed.
5.- (1) This Act may be cited as the Overseas Investment and Short title and
Export Guarantees Act 1972.
supplemental provisions.( 2 ) In this Act-
( a ) " business " includes a profession,
( b) references to a company controlled by a person are
references to a company so controlled directly or in-
directly, and include cases where the person having
control is also a company.
( 3) Any sum received by the Secretary of State by virtue of an
agreement under this Act shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.
c. 41 561
OPENSE
DIEUET MON DROIT
Finance Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 41
An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties, and to amend the law relating to the National Debt and the
Public Revenue, and to make further provision in
connection with Finance. [27th July 1972]
Most Gracious Sovereign,
7E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the
Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament
Wassembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to
defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition
to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give
and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter
mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty
that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most
Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the
Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present
Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as
follows :-
A.D. 1972
PART I
VALUE ADDED TAX
Imposition and extent of tax
1-( 1) A tax, to be known as value added tax, shall be Value added
charged in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this tax.
Act on the supply of goods and services in the United Kingdom
(including anything treated as such a supply ) and on the
importation of goods into the United Kingdom.
562 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
PART I
1952 с. 44.
1920 с. 67.
1968 с. 2.
Scope of tax.
Deduction
of input tax.
( 2) The tax shall be under the care and management of the
Commissioners.
( 3) All money and securities for money collected or received
for or on account of the tax shall-
( a) if collected or received in Great Britain , be placed to
the general account of the Commissioners kept at the
Bank of England under section 11 of the Customs
and Excise Act 1952 ;
( b) if collected or received in Northern Ireland, be paid
into the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom
in such manner as the Treasury may direct.
( 4 ) The Government of Ireland Act 1920 shall have effect as
if the tax were one of the taxes mentioned in section 22( 1 )
of that Act (reserved taxes) .
(5) The Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968 shall be
amended by inserting in subsection ( 1) of section 1, after the
words " income tax " , the words " value added tax " ; and
the Act as so amended shall apply in relation to a resolution
of the House of Commons passed before 1st April 1974 and
providing for any variation of that tax as it applies in relation to
such a resolution as is mentioned in subsection ( 2)(a ) of that
section.
2.- (1 ) Except as otherwise provided by this Part of this Act
the tax shall be charged and payable as follows .
( 2) Tax on the supply of goods or services shall be charged
onlywhere-
(a) the supply is a taxable supply ; and
(b) the goods or services are supplied by a taxable person
in the course of a business carried on by him ;
and shall be payable by the person supplying the goods or
services.
( 3) Tax on the importation of goods shall be charged and
payable as if it were a duty of customs.
( 4) Any reference in the following provisions of this Part of
this Act to the supply by any person of goods or services is
a reference to such a supply in the United Kingdom in the course
of a business carried on by him.
3.- (1 ) The following tax ( in this Part of this Act referred
to as " input tax "), that is to say-
(a) tax on the supply to a taxable person of any goods or
services for the purpose of a business carried on or
to be carried on by him ; and
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 563
( b ) tax paid or payable by a taxable person on the importa-
tion of any goods used or to be used for the purpose
of a business carried on or to be carried on by him ;
may, at the end of any prescribed accounting period, bededucted
by him, so far as not previously deducted and to the extent
and subject to the exceptions provided for by or under this
section, from the tax chargeable on supplies by him ( in this
section referred to as " output tax ") .
(2) Where the amount of input tax that may be so deducted
by any person exceeds the amount of the output tax due from
him, the amount of the excess shall be paid to him by the
Commissioners.
(3) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, the input tax that
may be deducted by a taxable person shall be-
( a ) the whole of that tax, if all his supplies of goods or
services are taxable supplies ; and
( b) such part of that tax as, in accordance with regulations
under this section, is attributable to taxable supplies,
if some but not all of his supplies of goods or services
are taxable supplies ;
and any such regulations may provide for treating all supplies
of goods or services by any person as taxable supplies where
the tax attributable to exempt supplies would be less than such
amount or less than such part of the whole of the tax as may
be specified in the regulations or in such other circumstances
as may be so specified.
( 4) The Commissioners shall make regulations for securing
a fair and reasonable attribution of input tax to taxable supplies,
and any such regulations may provide for
( a ) determining a proportion of supplies in any prescribed
accounting period which is to be taken as consisting
of taxable supplies ; and
(b) provisionally attributing input tax in accordance with
the proportion so determined and adjusting the attribu-
tion for periods comprising two or more prescribed
accounting periods or parts thereof ;
and may make different provision for different circumstances
and, in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of
this provision) for different descriptions of goods or services
and may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions
as appear to the Commissioners necessary or expedient.
PART I
564 Finance Act 1972
с.41
PART I
Taxable
persons .
Supply of
goods and
services .
(5) Regulations under this section may include provision for
enabling a taxable person to deduct as input tax, in such cir-
cumstances, to such extent and subject to such conditions as
may be specified in the regulations, tax on the supply to him, or
paid by him on the importation, of goods notwithstanding that
he was not a taxable person at the time of the supply or pay-
ment.
( 6) The Treasury may by order make provision for excepting
from the preceding provisions of this section input tax chargeable
on such supplies and importations as may be specified in the
order, and any such provision may be framed by reference to
the description of goods or services supplied or goods imported,
the persons by whom they are supplied or imported or to whom
they are supplied, the purposes for which they are supplied or
imported, or any circumstances whatsoever ; and any such
order may contain provision for consequential relief from
output tax.
4.- (1) A person who makes or intends to make taxable
supplies is a taxable person while he is or is required to be
registered under this Part of this Act.
( 2) Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with respect to
the registration of persons under this Part of this Act.
Supply
5.- (1 ) The following provisions apply for determining for
the purposes of this Part of this Act what is a supply of goods
or services.
( 2) Supply of goods includes all forms of supply and, in
particular, the letting of goods on hire and the making of a gift
or loan of goods ; but supply of services does not include any-
thing done otherwise than for a consideration.
( 3) Where a person produces goods by applying to another
person's goods a treatment or process he is treated as supplying
goods and not as supplying services.
( 4 ) The supply of any form of power, heat, refrigeration or
ventilation is a supply of goods and not of services.
( 5) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect with respect to
matters to be treated as a supply of goods.
(6) The granting, assignment or surrender of a major interest
in land shall be treated as a supply of goods.
In this subsection " major interest " means the fee simple or
a tenancy for a term certain exceeding twenty-one years, and,
Finance Act 1972 565
c.41
in relation to Scotland, means the estate or interest of the pro-
PARTI
prietor of the dominium utile, or in the case of land not held on
feudal tenure, the estate or interest of the owner, or the lessee's
interest under a lease for a period exceeding twenty- one years .
( 7) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, the
Treasury may by order provide with respect to any description
of transaction-
( a ) that it is to be treated as a supply of goods and not as
a supply of services ; or
( b) that it is to be treated as a supply of services and not
as a supply of goods ; or
( c ) that it is to be treated as neither a supply of goods nor
a supply of services.
( 8) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, any-
thing which is not a supply of goods but is done for a con-
sideration (including, if so done, the granting, assignment or
surrender of the whole or part of any right ) is a supply of
services.
6. ( 1 ) The Treasury may by order make provision for Self - supply.
securing, subject to any exceptions provided for by or under
the order, that, where in such circumstances as may be specified
in the order goods of a description so specified are acquired
or produced by a person in the course of a business carried on
by him and
( a ) are neither supplied to another person nor incorporated
in other goods produced in the course of that business ;
but
( b) are used by him for the purpose of a business carried
on by him ;
the goods are treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act
as both supplied to him for the purpose of that business and
supplied by him in the course of that business .
( 2 ) The Treasury may by order make provision for securing,
with respect to services of any description specified in the order,
that , where--
( a ) a person, in the course of a business carried on by him,
does anything for the purpose of that business which
is not a supply of services but would, if done for a
consideration, be a supply of services of a description
specified in the order ; and
( b) such other conditions as may be specified in the order
are satisfied;
such services are treated for the purposes of this Part of this
Act as being both supplied to him for the purpose of that
business and supplied by him in the course of that business.
566 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
PART I
Time of
supply.
( 3) For the purposes of this section, where goods are manu-
factured or produced from any other goods those other goods
shall be treated as incorporated in the first - mentioned goods.
7.- ( 1) The following provisions of this section shall apply
for determining the time when a supply of goods or services is
to be treated as taking place for the purposes of the charge to
tax.
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a supply
of goods shall be treated as taking place ---
(a ) if the goods are to be removed, at the time of the
removal ;
( b) if the goods are not to be removed, at the time when they
are made available to the person to whom they are
supplied ;
( c ) if the goods ( being sent or taken on approval or sale
or return or similar terms) are removed before it is
known whether a supply will take place, at the time
when it becomes certain that the supply has taken
place, but not later than twelve months after the
removal.
(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a supply
of services shall be treated as taking place at the time when
the services are performed.
( 4) If, before the time applicable under subsection (2) or sub-
section ( 3) of this section, the person making the supply issues
a tax invoice in respect of it or if , before the time applicable
under paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (2) or subsection (3)
of this section, he receives a payment in respect of it, the supply
shall, to the extent covered by the invoice or payment , be treated
as taking place at the time the invoice is issued or the payment
is received.
(5) If, within fourteen days after the time applicable under
subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section, the person making
the supply issues a tax invoice in respect of it , then, unless
he has notified the Commissioners in writing that he elects
not to avail himself of this subsection, the supply shall (notwith-
standing the preceding provisions of this section ) be treated as
taking place at the time the invoice is issued.
( 6) The Commissioners may, at the request of a taxable
person, direct that subsection ( 5 ) of this section shall apply in
relation to supplies made by him (or such supplies made by
him as may be specified in the direction) as if for the period
of fourteen days there were substituted such longer period as
may be specified in the direction .
Finance Act 1972 567
с .41
(7) Where goods are deemed to be supplied by virtue of paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to this Act or section 6 of this Act,
the supply shall be treated as taking place when they are
applied or used as mentioned in that paragraph or section.
( 8) The Commissioners may by regulation make provision
with respect to the time at which, notwithstanding the preceding
provisions of this section, a supply is to be treated as taking
place in cases where goods or services are supplied for a con-
sideration the whole or part of which is determined or payable
periodically or at the end of any period or where goods are
supplied for a consideration the whole or part of which is
determined at the time when the goods are appropriated for any
purpose ; and any such regulations may provide-
( a ) for treating goods supplied on hire for any period as
being successively supplied on hire for successive parts
of that period ; and
( b) for treating services supplied for any period as being
successively supplied for successive parts of that period.
( 9) In this section " tax invoice "
means such an invoice as is
required under section 30( 2) of this Act or would be so required
if the person to whom the supply is made were a taxable person.
PART 1
8.- ( 1 ) The following provisions of this section shall apply Place of
for determining, for the purposes of the charge to tax, whether supply.
goods or services are supplied in the United Kingdom.
( 2 ) If the supply of any goods does not involve their removal
from or to the United Kingdom they shall be treated as supplied
in the United Kingdom if they are in the United Kingdom and
otherwise shall be treated as supplied outside the United
Kingdom.
( 3) If the supply of any goods involves their removal from
the United Kingdom they shall be treated as supplied in the
United Kingdom and if it involves their removal to the United
Kingdom they shall be treated as supplied outside the United
Kingdom.
( 4) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, if services might
be considered as supplied either in or outside the United King-
dom or as supplied both in and outside the United Kingdom,
they shall be treated as supplied in the United Kingdom if
the person supplying them has his place of business or principal
place of business in the United Kingdom and otherwise shall be
treated as supplied outside the United Kingdom; but for the
purposes of this subsection any person carrying on a business
through a branch or agency in the United Kingdom shall be
treated as having his principal place of business in the United
Kingdom.
568 Finance Act 1972
c.41
PART I
Rate of Tax.
( 5) Where services consist of transport between places of
which one is and the other is not in the United Kingdom, so
much of the services as consists of transport within the United
Kingdom shall be treated as supplied in the United Kingdom
and the remainder as supplied outside the United Kingdom
(6) The Treasury may by order make provision, with respect
to such services as may be specified in the order , for substituting
for the provisions contained in subsection ( 4) or (5) of this
section such other provisions as may be specified in the order,
either generally or in such circumstances as may be so specified.
( 7 ) Where a supply of goods is such that subsections ( 2 ) and
( 3) of this section cannot be applied to it , subsections ( 4) and
( 6 ) of this section shall apply to it as they apply to a supply of
services.
( 8) For the purposes of this section, where goods, in the
course of their removal from a place in the United Kingdom
to another place in the United Kingdom, leave and re - enter the
United Kingdom the removal shall not be treated as a removal
from or to the United Kingdom.
Rate of tax and determination of value
9.- (1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section,
tax shall be charged at the rate of ten per cent., and shall be
charged-
( a ) on the supply of goods or services, by reference to the
value of the supply as determined under this Part of
this Act; and
( b) on the importation of goods, by reference to the value
of the goods as determined under this Part of this Act.
( 2 ) The Treasury may by order made before 1st April 1973
substitute for the rate of ten per cent. a rate not lower than
seven and a half per cent. nor higher than twelve and a half
per cent .
(3) The Treasury may by order increase or decrease the rate
for the time being in force by such percentage thereof , not
exceeding 20 per cent . , as may be specified in the order, but
any such order shall cease to be in force at the expiration of
a period of one year from the date on which it takes effect ,
unless continued in force by a further order under this
subsection.
( 4) In relation to an order made under subsection (3) of this
section to continue, vary or replace a previous order, the
reference in that subsection to the rate for the time being in
force is a reference to the rate that would be in force if no
order under that subsection had been made.
c .41
Finance Act 1972 569
10.- (1 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the value
PART I
of any supply of goods or services shall be determined as Value of
follows.
supply of
goods or
(2) If the supply is for a consideration in money its value services.
shall be taken to be such amount as, with the addition of the
tax chargeable , is equal to the consideration.
( 3) If the supply is not for a consideration or is for a con-
sideration not consisting or not wholly consisting of money,
the value of the supply shall be taken to be its open market
value.
( 4 ) Where a supply of any goods or services is not the only
matter to which a consideration in money relates the supply
shall be deemed to be for such part of the consideration as is
properly attributable to it.
( 5 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the open market
value of a supply of goods or services shall be taken to be the
amount that would fall to be taken as its value under sub-
section ( 2) of this section ifthe supply were for such consideration
in money as would be payable by a person standing in no such
relationship with any person as would affect that consideration.
(6) This section has effect subject to Schedule 3 to this Act.
11. For the purposes of this Part of this Act the value of any Value of
imported goods shall be taken to be the aggregate of the imported
following, that is to say, - goods.
( a ) the amount that would fall to be taken as their value
under section 258 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 1952 с 44.
if value added tax were a duty of customs ; and
( b ) the amount of any customs duty payable on the goods
or of any payment or repayment made in order to
secure relief from such customs duty under section 35
or section 36 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952
( relief on re-importation) ; and
( c ) any amount payable on the goods by way of surcharge
under section 7 of the Sugar Act 1956 or a levy under 1956 c. 48.
section 1 of the Agriculture and Horticulture Act 1964 1964 с. 28.
or payable on the goods under section 6( 5) of the
European Communities Act 1972 or that section as
applied by section 7(1) of that Act.
Reliefs
12 .-( 1 ) Where a taxable person supplies goods or services Zero- rating .
and the supply is zero-rated, then, whether or not tax would
be chargeable on the supply apart from this section, -
( a ) no tax shall be charged on the supply ; but
570 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
PART I ( b) it shall in all other respects be treated as a taxable
supply;
and accordingly the rate at which tax is treated as charged on
the supply shall be nil .
( 2 ) A supply of goods or services is zero -rated by virtue of
this subsection if the goods or services are of a description for
the time being specified in Schedule 4 to this Act or the supply
is of a description for the time being so specified.
( 3) Where goods of a description for the time being specified
in Schedule 4 to this Act, or of a description forming part of
a description of supply for the time being so specified, are
imported into the United Kingdom no tax shall be chargeable
on their importation, except as otherwise provided in that
Schedule.
( 4) The Treasury may by order vary Schedule 4 to this Act
by adding to or deleting from it any description or by varying
any description for the time being specified in it.
( 5) Where a description included in Schedule 4 to this Act
( whether by virtue of an order under the preceding subsection
or otherwise) is of a supply of goods or services outside the
United Kingdom or of a transaction which would not otherwise
be a supply of goods or services the supply or transaction shali
for the purposes of this Part of this Act be treated as a supply
of goods or services in the United Kingdom.
(6 ) A supply of goods is zero- rated by virtue of this subsection
if the Commissioners are satisfied that the person supplying the
goods-
( a ) has exported them ; or
( b) has shipped them for use as stores on a voyage or flight
to an eventual destination outside the United Kingdom,
or as merchandise for sale by retail to persons carried
on such a voyage or flight in a ship or aircraft.
( 7) The Commissioners may by regulations make provision
for the zero -rating of supplies of goods, or of such goods as may
be specified in the regulations, in cases where the Commissioners
are satisfied that the goods have been or are to be exported
and such other conditions, if any, as may be specified in the
regulations or the Commissioners may impose are fulfilled.
( 8) Where the supply of any goods has been zero -rated in
pursuance of regulations made under the preceding subsection
and-
( a) the goods are found in the United Kingdom after the
date on which they were alleged to have been or were
to be exported ; or
Finance Act 1972 571
c . 41
( b) any condition specified in the regulations or imposed
PART I
by the Commissioners is not complied with ;
and the presence of the goods in the United Kingdom after that
date or the non- observance of the condition has not been author-
ised for the purposes of this subsection by the Commissioners,
the goods shall be liable to forfeiture under the Customs and 1952 с. 44
Excise Act 1952 and the tax that would have been chargeable
on the supply but for the zero -rating shall become payable
forthwith by the person to whom the goods were supplied or by
any person in whose possession the goods are found in the
United Kingdom; but the Commissioners may, if they think fit,
waive payment of the whole or part of that tax.
13.- (1 ) A supply of goods or services is an exempt supply Exemptions.
if it is of a description for the time being specified in Schedule 5
to this Act.
(2) The Treasury may by order vary that Schedule by adding
to or deleting from it any description of supply or by varying
any description of supply for the time being specified in it.
14.- ( 1 ) The Treasury may by order make provision for secur- Relief on
ing a reduction of the tax chargeable on the supply of goods supply of
certain
of such descriptions as may be specified in the order in cases second- hand
where no tax was chargeable on a previous supply of the goods goods.
and such other conditions are satisfied as may be specified in
the order or as may be imposed by the Commissioners in pur-
suance of the order.
( 2) The amount of the reduction that may be secured by an
order under this section shall not exceed the amount of tax that
would have been chargeable on the previous supply had tax
been chargeable on it at the same rate as that at which the tax
to be reduced would be chargeable but for the reduction.
( 3) An order under this section making provision for reducing
the tax chargeable on the supply of goods of any description
may include provision-
( a ) for giving relief from the tax chargeable on the importa-
tion of goods of that description ; and
(b) for securing the like reduction where no tax was charge-
able on the importation of goods of that description
as where no tax was chargeable on a previous supply
ofthe goods.
( 4) An order under this section may extend to cases where
the previous supply or the importation took place before tax
was chargeable on any supply or importation.
c .41
572 Finance Act 1972
PART I
Refund of tax
Incertain
cases.
1930 с.44 .
1945 с. 42.
1967 с. 28 .
1968 с. 73 .
(5) The preceding provisions of this section shall, with the
necessary modifications, apply in relation to cases where con-
sequential relief from tax was given on a previous supply by an
order under section 3(6) of this Act but the relief did not extend
to the whole amount of the tax.
( 6) An order under this section may make different provision
for goods of different descriptions and for different circum-
stances.
15.-(1 ) Subject to the following provisions of this section,
where tax is chargeable on the supply of goods or services to,
or on the importation of goods by, a body to which this section
applies and the supply or importation is not for the purpose of
any business carried on by the body, the Commissioners shall,
on a claim made by the body at such time and in such form
and manner as the Commissioners may determine, refund to
it the amount of the tax so chargeable.
( 2) Where goods or services so supplied to or imported by
the body cannot be conveniently distinguished from goods or
services supplied to or imported by it for the purpose of a
business carried on by it , the amount to be refunded under
this section shall be such amount as remains after deducting
from the whole of the tax chargeable on any supply to or im-
portation by the body such proportion thereof as appears to the
Commissioners to be attributable to the carrying on of the
business ; but where the tax so attributable is or includes tax
attributable, in accordance with regulations under section 3 of
this Act, to exempt supplies by the body and the tax attributable
to the exempt supplies is in the opinion of the Commissioners
an insignificant proportion of the tax so chargeable they may
include it in the tax refunded under this section.
( 3) The bodies to which this section applies are-
(a) a local authority ;
(b) a river authority, a river purification board, the Con-
servators of the River Thames and the Lee Conservancy
Catchment Board ;
(c) a drainage board within the meaning of the Land
Drainage Act 1930 ;
( d ) any statutory water undertakers within the meaning
of the Water Act 1945, and a regional water board and
water development board within the meaning of the
Water (Scotland) Act 1967 ;
(e ) the London Transport Executive and a passenger
transport authority or executive established under Part
II of the Transport Act 1968 ;
Finance Act 1972 573
c.41
( f) a port health authority constituted under Part I of the
PART I
Public Health Act 1936, and a port local authority and 1936 c. 49.
joint port local authority constituted under Part X of
the Public Health ( Scotland) Act 1897 ;
1897 с. 38 .
( g ) apolice authority and the Receiver for the Metropolitan
Police District;
( h ) a development corporation within the meaning of the
New Towns Act 1965 or the New Towns ( Scotland) 1965 c. 59.
Act 1968, a new town commission within the meaning 1968 c. 16.
of the New Towns Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1965 and 1965 с. 13
the Commission for the New Towns ;
( Ν.Ι. ) .
( i ) a general lighthouse authority within the meaning of
Part XI of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 ;
1894 с. 60.
( j ) the British Broadcasting Corporation ;
( k ) Independent Television News Limited ; and
( 1 ) any body specified for the purposes of this section by
an order made by the Treasury.
( 4) No tax shall be refunded under this section to a general
lighthouse authority which in the opinion of the Commissioners
is attributable to activities other than those concerned with the
provision, maintenance or management of lights or other
navigational aids.
(5) References in this section to any tax chargeable do not
include any tax which, by virtue of an order under section 3(6)
of this Act, could not be deducted as input tax.
(6 ) In this section " local authority " means the council of
acounty, borough, county district, district , parish or group of
parishes, community or group of communities, the Greater
London Council, the Common Council of the City of London,
the Council of the Isles of Scilly, and any joint committee or
joint board established by two or more of the foregoing and,
in relation to Scotland, the council of a county, county of a city,
large burgh, small burgh, district and any combination and any
joint committee or joint board established by two or more of the
foregoing.
16.-(1 ) The Treasury may by order make provision for Relief from
giving relief from the whole or part of the tax chargeable on tax on
the importation of goods, subject to such conditions ( including importation
conditions prohibiting or restricting the disposal of or dealing ofgoods.
with the goods) as may be imposed by or under the order, if
and so far as the relief appears to the Treasury to be necessary
or expedient, having regard to any international agreement or
arrangements.
( 2 ) The Commissioners may by regulations make provision for
remitting or repaying, if they think fit , the whole or part of the
c .41
574 Finance Act 1972
PART I
tax chargeable on the importation of any goods which are shown
to their satisfaction to have been previously exported from the
United Kingdom.
(3) The Commissioners may by regulations make provision
for remitting or repaying the whole or part of the tax chargeable
on the importation of any goods if they are satisfied that the
goods have been or are to be re - exported and they think fit to
do so in all the circumstances and having regard to the tax
chargeable on the supply of like goods in the United Kingdom.
Further provisions as to importation of goods
Application ofcustoms
17.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Customs
and Excise Act 1952 and, except where the contrary intention
enactments.
appears, any other enactments (including provisions of regula-
1952 с. 44.
tions or other instruments having statutory effect) relating to
customs generally, whether passed or made before or after the
passing of this Act, shall have effect, with such exceptions
and adaptations as the Commissioners may by regulations
prescribe, as if all goods imported into the United Kingdom
were liable to duties of customs and as if those duties included
value added tax chargeable on the importation of goods.
( 2) The following provisions of the Customs and Excise Act
1952, that is to say-
(a) sections 34( 4), 35 and 36 (reimportation) ;
( b) section 37 (importation of goods from the Channel
Islands ) ;
(c) section 43(a) (relief from duty of antiques) ;
( d ) section 221(2) (exemption of certain mechanical
lighters) ;
(e) section 259 (charge of duty on manufactured or com-
posite articles) ;
( f ) section 260( 1 )(b) (declaration as to duty payable) ;
( g) section 272 (supply of goods without payment of duty
to Her Majesty's ships) ; and
( h) sections 308 to 311 ( Isle of Man) ;
shall be excepted from the enactments which are to have effect
as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) of this section.
(3) Section 258(1) of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 shall
have effect, in its application by virtue of subsection ( 1 ) of this
section, in a case where paragraph (b) or (c ) of section 11 of
this Act applies, as if the value to be taken as the value of
imported goods were increased by the amount mentioned in
that paragraph.
1953 с. 36.
( 4 ) Regulations under section 16 of the Post Office Act 1953
( which provides for the application of customs enactments to
postal packets) may make special provision in relation to value
added tax.
Finance Act 1972 575
с. 41
18. The Commissioners may by regulations make provision
PART I
for enabling goods imported by a taxable person in the course Importation
of a business carried on by him to be delivered or removed, of goods by
subject to such conditions or restrictions as the Commissioners taxable
may impose for the protection of the revenue, without payment
persons.
of the tax chargeable on the importation, and for that tax to
be accounted for together with the tax chargeable on the supply
of goods or services by him .
Special cases
19.-( 1 ) This Part of this Act shall apply in relation to tax- Application
able supplies by the Crown as it applies in relation to taxable to Crown.
supplies by taxable persons .
( 2) Where the supply by a Government department of any
goods or services does not amount to the carrying on of a
business but it appears to the Treasury that similar goods or
services are or might be supplied by taxable persons in the
course of a business, then, if and to the extent that the Treasury
so directs, the supply of those goods or services by that depart-
ment shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act
as a supply in the course of a business carried on by it.
( 3) For the purposes of this section goods or services
obtained by one Government department from another Govern-
ment department shall be treated, if and to the extent that the
Treasury so directs, as supplied by that other department and
similarly as regards goods or services obtained by or from the
Crown Estate Commissioners.
( 4 ) In this section " Government department " includes a
department of the Government of Northern Ireland, any body
of persons exercising functions on behalf of a Minister of the
Crown, and any part of a Government department (as defined
in the foregoing ) designated for the purposes of this subsection
by a direction of the Treasury.
20.-( 1 ) A local authority which makes taxable supplies is Local
liable to be registered under this Part of this Act, whatever the authorities .
value of the supplies ; and accordingly Schedule 1 to this Act
shall apply, in a case where the value of the taxable supplies
made by a local authority in any period of one year is £5,000 or
less, as if that value exceeded £5,000 .
( 2) In this section " local authority " has the same meaning as
in section 15 of this Act.
21.-(1 ) Where, under the following provisions of this section, Groups of
any bodies corporate are treated as members of a group any companies.
576 Finance Act 1972
c. 41
PART I business carried on by a member of the group shall be treated
as carried on by the representative member, and-
( a) any supply of goods or services by a member of the
group to another member of the group shall be dis-
regarded ; and
( b) any other supply of goods or services by or to a member
of the group shall be treated as a supply by or to the
representative member ; and
( c) any tax paid or payable by a member of the group on
the importation of any goods shall be treated as paid
or payable by the representative member and the goods
shall be treated for the purposes of sections 18 and
31(3) of this Act as imported by the representative
member ;
and all members of the group shall be liable jointly and severally
for any tax due from the representative member.
( 2 ) An order under section 6 of this Act may make provision
for securing that any goods or services which, if all the mem-
bers of the group were one person, would fall to be treated
under that section as supplied to and by that person, are treated
as supplied to and by the representative member.
( 3) Two or more bodies corporate resident in the United
Kingdom are eligible to be treated as members of a group if-
(a ) one of them controls each of the others ; or
( b) one person ( whether a body corporate or an individual)
controls all of them ; or
( c) two or more individuals carrying on a business in
partnership control all of them.
( 4) Where an application to that effect is made to the Com-
missioners with respect to two or more bodies corporate eligible
to be treated as members of a group, then, from the beginning
of a prescribed accounting period they shall be so treated, and
one of them shall be the representative member, unless the Com-
missioners refuse the application ; but they shall not refuse it
unless it appears to them necessary to do so for the protection
of the revenue.
(5) Where any bodies corporate are treated as members of a
group and an application to that effect is made to the Commis-
sioners , then, from the beginning of a prescribed accounting
period-
(a ) a further body eligible to be so treated shall be included
among the bodies so treated ; or
( b) a body corporate shall be excluded from the bodies so
treated ; or
c.41
Finance Act 1972 577
( c ) another member of the group shall be substituted as PART I
the representative member ; or
( d ) the bodies corporate shall no longer be treated as
members of a group ;
unless the application is to the effect mentioned in paragraph (a)
or paragraph (c) above and the Commissioners refuse the appli-
cation ; but they shall not refuse it unless it appears to them
necessary to do so for the protection of the revenue.
(6) Where a body corporate is treated as a member of a
group as being controlled by any person and it appears to the
Commissioners that it has ceased to be so controlled, they shall,
by notice given to that person, terminate that treatment from
such date as may be specified in the notice.
( 7) An application under this section with respect to any
bodies corporate must be made by one of those bodies or by
the person controlling them and must be made not less than
ninety days before the date from which it is to take effect,
or at such later time as the Commissioners may allow.
(8) For the purposes of this section a body corporate shall be
taken to control another body corporate if it is empowered by
statute to control that body's activities or if it is that body's
holding company within the meaning of the Companies Act 1948 c. 38.
1948 ; and an individual or individuals shall be taken to control
a body corporate if he or they, were he or they a company,
would be that body's holding company within the meaning of
thatAct.
22.-(1 ) The registration under this Part of this Act of persons Partnerships.
carrying on a business in partnership may be in the name of the
firm ; and no account shall be taken, in determining whether
goods or services are supplied to or by such persons, of any
change in the partnership or of a change from the business
being carried on by a person on his own to its being carried
on by him in partnership or from the business being carried
on in partnership to its being carried on by one of the former
partners on his own.
( 2 ) Subsection ( 1) of this section shall not affect the extent to
which, under section 9 of the Partnership Act 1890, a partner 1890 c. 39.
is liable for tax owed by the firm ; but where a person is a
partner in a firm during part only of a prescribed accounting
period his liability for tax on the supply by the firm of goods
or services during that accounting period shall be such propor-
tion of the firm's liability as may be just.
23.- (1 ) The registration under this Part of this Act of a Business
body corporate carrying on a business in several divisions may, carried on in
if the body corporate so requests and the Commissioners see fit , divisions or by
be in the names of those divisions. unincorpora-
tedbodies,
( 2) The Commissioners may by regulations make provision personal
for determining by what persons anything required by or under representa-
tives, etc.
T
c. 41
578 Finance Act 1972
PART I
Agents, etc.
Transfers
ofgoing
concerns.
Terminal
markets.
this Part of this Act to be done by a person carrying on a
business is to be done where a business is carried on in partner-
ship or by a club or association the affairs of which are managed
by its members or a committee or committees of its members.
( 3) The Commissioners may by regulations make provision
for persons who carry on a business of a taxable person who
has died or become bankrupt or incapacitated to be treated for
a limited time as taxable persons, and for securing continuity
in the application of this Part of this Act in cases where persons
are so treated.
24.-( 1 ) Where a person who is accountable for any tax, or
on whom any duties are imposed by or under this Part of this
Act, is not resident in the United Kingdom, the Commissioners
may by notice in writing served on any agent, manager or factor
who is resident in the United Kingdom and has acted on behalf
of that person in matters by reference to which that person is
accountable or the duties are imposed, direct that he shall be
substituted for that person as the person accountable for the
tax or that he shall be under an obligation to discharge those
duties or any of them.
(2 ) For the purposes of this Part of this Act goods imported
by a taxable person and supplied by him as agent for a person
who is not a taxable person may be treated as imported and
supplied by the taxable person as principal.
(3) Where goods or services are supplied through an agent
who acts in his own name the Commissioners may, if they think
fit , treat the supply both as a supply to the agent and as a
supply by the agent.
25. Where a business carried on by a taxable person is trans-
ferred to another person as a going concern, then-
( a ) for the purpose of determining whether the transferee
is liable to be registered under this Part of this Act
he shall be treated as having carried on the business
before as well as after the transfer ; and supplies by
the transferor shall be treated accordingly ; and
( b) any records relating to the business which, under section
34 of this Act, are required to be preserved for any
period after the transfer shall be preserved by the
transferee instead of by the transferor, unless the
Commissioners, at the request of the tranferor, other-
wisedirect .
26.-( 1 ) The Treasury may by order make provision for
modifying the provisions of this Part of this Act in their applica-
tion todealings on terminal markets and such persons ordinarily
Finance Act 1972 579
с .41
engaged in such dealings as may be specified in the order,
PART I
subject to such conditions as may be so specified.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection ( 1) of
this section, an order under this section may include provision-
( a) for zero -rating the supply of any goods or services or
for treating the supply of any goods or services as
exempt;
( b) for the registration under this Part of this Act of any
body of persons representing persons ordinarily
engaged in dealing on a terminal market and for dis-
regarding such dealings by persons so represented in
determining liability to be registered under this Part of
this Act , and for disregarding such dealings between
persons so represented for all the purposes of this Part
of this Act;
( c) for refunding, to such persons as may be specified by
or under the order, input tax attributable to such deal-
ings on a terminal market as may be so specified ;
and may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions
as appear to the Treasury to be necessary or expedient.
( 3) An order under this section may make different provision
with respect to different terminal markets and with respect to
different commodities.
27.-( 1 ) Where goods subject to a duty of customs are Supplies of
supplied while warehoused and before payment of the duty the dutiable goods
supply shall be disregarded for the purposes of this Part of this
inwarehouse.
Act.
(2) Where goods subject to a duty of excise or such goods
mixed with goods subject to a duty of customs are supplied
while warehoused and before payment of the duty, then-
( a ) if there is more than one such supply any but the last
such supply shall be disregarded for the purposes of
this Part of this Act ; and
( b) the supply or, if more than one, the last such supply
shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this
Act as taking place when the duty is paid and the
value of the supply shall be treated as including the
duty ; and
( c) the tax on the supply shall be payable, together with
the duty, by the person by whom the duty is paid,
except as otherwise provided by regulations under
this section ;
except that, if the goods are permitted to be removed from
warehouse without payment of the duty, the supply (or last
supply) shall be treated as taking place when the goods are so
T2
580 Finance Act 1972
c. 41
PART I
removed, the value of the supply shall not be treated as including
the duty and the tax on the supply shall be payable by the
person by whom the goods are removed.
( 3) The Commissioners may by regulations make provision
for enabling goods which are supplied as mentioned in sub-
section ( 2 ) of this section, and are so supplied to a taxable
person for the purpose of a business carried on by him, to be
removed from warehouse without payment of the tax on the
supply and for that tax to be accounted for together with the
tax chargeable on the supply of goods or services by him.
( 4) Subsection (1) of this section applies in relation to a
1956 с. 48.
surcharge under section 7 of the Sugar Act 1956 or any amount
payable under section 6( 5) of the European Communities Act
1972 or that section as applied by section 7(1) of that Act as it
applies in relation to a duty of customs.
Capital goods.
28.-( 1 ) The Treasury may by order make provision for the
giving of relief, in such cases, to such extent and subject to such
exceptions as may be specified in the order, from tax paid on
the supply or importation for the purpose of a business carried
on by any person of machinery or plant or any specified de-
scription of machinery or plant in cases where that tax or part
of that tax cannot be deducted under section 3 of this Act and
such other conditions are satisfied as may be specified in the
order .
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of
this section, an order under this section may provide for relief
to be given by deduction or refunding of tax and for aggregating
or excluding the aggregation of value where goods of the same
description are supplied or imported together .
( 3) An order under this section may substitute a period ex-
ceeding three years but not exceeding six years as the period
for which records relating to goods in respect of which relief is
given under the order may be required to be preserved under
section 34( 2) of this Act.
Trading 29. The Commissioners may by regulations make provision
stamp schemes. for modifying section 10 of this Act and paragraph 5 of
Schedule 3 to this Act in their application to the supply ofgoods
under trading stamp schemes within the meaning of the Trading
1964 с. 71.
Stamps Act 1964 or the Trading Stamps Act ( Northern Ireland )
1965 c. 6 (N.I.) . 1965 .
Accounting
for and
payment oftax.
Collection and enforcement
30.-(1 ) Tax on the supply of goods or services shall be
accounted for and paid by reference to such periods (in this
Part of this Act referred to as " prescribed accounting periods ")
Finance Act 1972 581
c.41
at such time and in such manner as may be determined by or
under regulations made by the Commissioners ; and claims for
deduction of input tax or for payments under section 3(2) of this
Act shall be made in such manner as may be so determined.
( 2 ) Regulations under this section may require the keeping
of accounts and the making of returns in such form and manner
as may be specified in the regulations and may require taxable
persons supplying goods or services to other taxable persons
to provide them with invoices ( to be known as " tax invoices ")
containing statements of such particulars as may be so specified
of the supply, the tax chargeable on it and the persons by and
towhomthe goods or services are supplied.
( 3) Regulations under this section may make special provision
for such taxable supplies by retailers of any goods or of any
description of goods or of services or any description of services
as may be determined by or under the regulations and, in
particular, -
( a ) for permitting the value which is to be taken as the
value of the supplies in any prescribed accounting
period or part thereof to be determined, subject to any
limitations or restrictions, by such method or one of
such methods as may have been described in any
notice published by the Commissioners in pursuance
of the regulations and not withdrawn by a further
notice or as may be agreed with the Commissioners ;
and
( b) for determining the proportion of the value of the sup-
plies which is to be attributed to any description of
supplies ; and
( c) for adjusting that value and proportion for periods
comprising two or more prescribed accounting periods
or parts thereof.
( 4 ) Regulations under this section may make provision-
( a ) for treating tax chargeable in one prescribed accounting
period as chargeable in another such period ; and
( b) for the adjustment of accounts in cases where tax has
become chargeable by reference to a consideration and
the amount of the consideration is reduced or no
consideration becomes payable and in such other
circumstances as may be specified in the regulations ;
and
(c ) for the correction of errors.
(5) Regulations under this section may make different pro-
vision for different circumstances and may provide for different
dates as the commencement of prescribed accounting periods
applicable to different persons.
T3
PART I
582 Finance Act 1972
c.41
PART I
( 6) The provisions made by regulations under this section
for cases where goods are treated as supplied by a taxable
person by virtue of paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to this Act may
require the tax chargeable on the supply to be accounted for
and paid, and particulars thereof to be provided, by such other
person and in such manner as may be specified by the
regulations.
( 7) Where, at the end of a prescribed accounting period, the
amount of tax due from any person or the amount due to any
person under section 3(2) of this Act would be less than £1 that
amount shall be treated as nil.
Power of
31.-( 1 ) Where a taxable person has failed to make any
Commissioners returns required under this Part of this Act or to keep any
to assess
taxdue. documents and afford the facilities necessary to verify such
returns or where it appears to the Commissioners that such
returns are incomplete or incorrect they may assess the amount
of tax due from him to the best of their judgment and notify it
to him.
( 2 ) An assessment under subsection ( 1) of this section of an
amount of tax due for any prescribed accounting period shall
not be made after the later of the following : -
( a) two years after the end of the prescribed accounting
period; or
( b) one year after evidence of facts, sufficient in the opinion
of the Commissioners to justify the making of the
assessment, comes to their knowledge ;
but may, where further such evidence comes to their knowledge
after the making of such an assessment, be made in addition to
that assessment.
( 3) Where a taxable person has acquired or imported any
goods in the course of a business carried on by him the
Commissioners may require him from time to time to account
for the goods ; and if he fails to prove that the goods have
been or are available to be supplied by him or have been
lost or destroyed they may assess to the best of their judgment
and notify to him the amount of tax that would have been
chargeable in respect of the supply of the goods if they had been
supplied by him .
( 4) An assessment under subsection ( 1) or subsection (3) of
this section shall not be made more than six years after the
end of the prescribed accounting period or importation con-
cerned, nor, if the taxable person has died, more than three years
after his death ; except that if the Commissioners satisfy a value
added tax tribunal that there are reasonable grounds for
c .41
Finance Act 1972 583
believing that tax has been or may have been lost through the
fraud or wilful default or neglect of any person an assessment
may, with the leave of the tribunal, be made at any time, or, if
the taxable person has died, at any time not later than six years
after the death.
PART I
(5) Members of a value added tax tribunal giving leave for an
assessment shall not take part in the proceedings or be present
when an appeal against the assessment or against the amount
of the assessment is heard or determined.
(6) Where an amount has been assessed and notified to any
person under subsection ( 1) or subsection (3) of this section it
shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act as to
appeals, be deemed to be an amount of tax due from him and
may be recovered accordingly, unless, or except to the extent
that, the assessment has subsequently been withdrawn or
reduced .
32.-( 1 ) The Commissioners may, as a condition of allowing Power to
or repaying any input tax to any person, require the production require
ofsuchdocuments relating to the tax as mayhave been supplied sec
security and
to him and may, if they think it necessary for the protection ofproduction
ofevidence.
the revenue, require as a condition of making any payment
under section 3(2) of this Act the giving of such security for the
amount of the payment as appears to them appropriate.
( 2) Where it appears to the Commissioners requisite to do
so for the protection of the revenue they may require a taxable
person, as a condition of his supplying goods or services under a
taxable supply, to give security, or further security, of such
amount and in such manner as they may determine, for the
payment of any tax which is or may become due from him.
33.-( 1 ) Tax due from any person shall be recoverable as a Recovery
debtdue to the Crown. oftax, etc.
( 2 ) Any amount shown in an invoice as tax chargeable on a
supply of goods or services shall be recoverable as tax due from
the person issuing the invoice, whether or not-
( a) the invoice is a tax invoice issued in pursuance of
section 30(2) of this Act; or
(b) that or any amount of tax is chargeable on the supply ;
or
( c ) the person issuing the invoice is a taxable person.
(3) The Commissioners may by regulations make provision
for authorising distress to be levied on the goods and chattels of
T4
584 Finance Act 1972
c.41
PART I
Dutytokeep
records.
1968 с. 64.
any person refusing or neglecting to pay any tax due from him
or any amount recoverable as if it were tax due from him, and
for the disposal of any goods or chattels on which distress is
levied in pursuance of the regulations .
( 4) In the application of the preceding subsection to Scotland,
for the reference to the levying of distress on goods and chattels
there shall be substituted a reference to the doing of diligence,
and for the expression " chattels " there shall be substituted a
reference to corporeal movables.
34.-( 1 ) Every taxable person shall keep such records as the
Commissioners may require .
(2) The Commissioners may require any records kept in pur-
suance of this section to be preserved for such period not ex-
ceeding three years as they may require .
( 3) The duty under this section to preserve records may be
discharged by the preservation of the information contained
therein by such means as the Commissioners may approve ; and
where that information is so preserved a copy of any document
forming part of the records shall, subject to the following pro-
visions of this section, be admissible in evidence in any pro-
ceedings, whether civil or criminal, to the same extent as the
records themselves .
( 4) The Commissioners may, as a condition of approving
under subsection ( 3) of this section any means of preserving
information contained in any records, impose such reasonable
requirements as appear to them necessary for securing that the
information will be as readily available to them as if the records
themselves had been preserved.
(5) A statement contained in a document produced by a
computer shall not be admissible in evidence by virtue of sub-
section (3) of this section unless the conditions mentioned in
subsection (2) of section 5 of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 ог
in the corresponding Scottish enactment are satisfied in relation
to the statement and the computer ; and the other provisions
of that section and subsections ( 1 ), (2) , (3) and (5) of section 6
of that Act (supplementary provisions) and the like provisions
of the corresponding Scottish enactment shall, with the necessary
modifications, apply in relation to the giving of evidence in
pursuance of this section .
( 6 ) Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this section,
in criminal proceedings the court may, for special cause, require
oral evidence to be given of any matter of which evidence could
Finance Act 1972 585
c .41
ordinarily be given by means of a certificate under section 5(4)
PART I
of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 or under the corresponding 1968 с. 64.
Scottish enactment as applied by the preceding subsection.
( 7 ) In subsections (3) and ( 5 ) of this section " document " ,
"
copy " and " computer " have the same meanings as, by virtue
of section 10 of the Civil Evidence Act 1968, they have in Part I
of that Act or as they have in the corresponding Scottish
enactment.
( 8) For the purposes of this section-
( a ) section 13 of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Pro - 1968 с. 70.
visions) (Scotland) Act 1968 is the corresponding Scot-
tish enactment to section 5 of the Civil Evidence Act
1968 and the provisions of the said section 13 (which
are identical in number with the provisions of the said
section 5) shall apply accordingly ;
( b) section 14 of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Pro-
visions) (Scotland ) Act 1968 is the corresponding Scot-
tish enactment to subsections ( 1 ), ( 2) , (3) and (5) of
section 6 of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 ; and
( c ) section 17 and Part III of the Law Reform (Miscel-
laneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968 are the corre-
sponding Scottish enactments to section 10 and Part I
of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 .
( 9) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, for
references to any subsection of section 5 or 6 of the Civil
Evidence Act 1968 or to section 10 , of that Act there shall be
substituted references to the same subsection of section 2 or 3
of the Civil Evidence Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1971 or section 6 1971 c. 36
of that Act. ( Ν.Ι.).
35 .-(1) The Commissioners may by regulations make pro- Furnishing of
vision for requiring taxable persons to notify to the information
Commissioners such particulars of changes in circumstances and production
relating to those persons or any business carried on by them as
ofdocuments.appear to the Commissioners required for the purpose of keeping
the register kept under this Part of this Act up to date.
( 2 ) Every person who is concerned (in whatever capacity) in
the supply of goods in the course of a business or to whom such
a supply is made shall-
( a) furnish to the Commissioners, within such time and in
such form as they may require, such information
relating to the goods or to the supply as the Com-
missioners may specify ; and
c . 41
586 Finance Act 1972
PART I
1968 с. 64.
1968 с. 70.
1971 с. 36
( Ν.Ι. ).
( b) upon demand made by an authorised person, produce
or cause to be produced any documents relating to
the goods or to the supply for inspection by the
authorised person and permit him to take copies of
or to make extracts from them or to remove them at
a reasonable time and for a reasonable period.
( 3) Every person who is concerned (in whatever capacity ) in
the taxable supply of any services or to whom such a supply
is made shall-
(a) furnish to the Commissioners, within such time and
in such form as they may require, such information
relating to the consideration for the supply or to the
name and address of the person to whom the supply
is made as the Commissioners may specify ; and
( b) upon demand made by an authorised person, produce
or cause to be produced any documents relating to
the consideration for inspection by the authorised
person and permit him to take copies of or to make
extracts from them or to remove them at a reasonable
time and for a reasonable period.
( 4) For the purposes of this section , the documents relating
to the supply of goods, or to the consideration for the supply
of services, in the course of a business shall be taken to include
any profit and loss account and balance sheet relating to that
business.
(5) Where any documents removed under the powers con-
ferred by this section are lost or damaged the Commissioners
shall be liable to compensate their owner for any expenses rea-
sonably incurred by him in replacing or repairing the documents.
( 6) In this section " document " and " copy " have the same
meanings--
( a ) in relation to England and Wales, as, by virtue of
section 10 of the Civil Evidence Act 1968, they have
in Part I of that Act;
( b) in relation to Scotland, as, by virtue of section 17 of
the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) ( Scotland)
Act 1968, they have in Part III of that Act ; and
( c ) in relation to Northern Ireland, as, by virtue of section 6
of the Civil Evidence Act (Northern Ireland ) 1971 , they
have in Part I of that Act.
Finance Act 1972 587
c.41
36.-( 1 ) An authorised person, if it appears to him necessary
PART I
for the protection of the revenue against mistake or fraud, mayPower to
at any time take, from the goods in the possession of any persontake samples.
who supplies goods, such samples as the authorised person may
require with a view to determining how the goods or the
materials of which they are made ought to be or to have been
treated for the purposes of tax.
( 2 ) Any sample taken under this section shall be disposed of
and accounted for in such manner as the Commissioners may
direct .
(3) Where a sample is taken under this section from the goods
in any person's possession and is not returned to him within a
reasonable time and in good condition the Commissioners shall
pay him by way of compensation a sum equal to the cost of the
sample to him or such larger sum as they may determine.
37.- (1 ) For the purpose of exercising any powers under this Entry and
Part of this Act an authorised person may at any reasonable search of
time enter premises used in connection with the carrying on premises
and persons.of a business.
( 2) Where an authorised person has reasonable cause to
believe that any premises are used in connection with the supply
ofgoods under taxable supplies and that goods to be so supplied
are on those premises, he may at any reasonable time enter
and inspect those premises and inspect any goods found on
them.
( 3) If a justice of the peace is satisfied on information on
oath that there is reasonable ground for suspecting that an
offence in connection with the tax is being, has been or is
about to be committed on any premises or that evidence of the
commission of such an offence is to be found there, he may issue
a warrant in writing authorising any authorised person to enter
those premises, if necessary by force, at any time within fourteen
days from the time of the issue of the warrant and search them ;
and any person who enters the premises under the authority of
the warrant may-
( a) take with him such other persons as appear to him
to be necessary ;
( b ) seize and remove any documents or other things what-
soever found on the premises which he has reasonable
cause to believe may be required as evidence for the
purposes of proceedings in respect of such an offence ;
and
( c ) search or cause to be searched any person found on
the premises whom he has reasonable cause to believe to
have committed or be about to commit such an offence
с . 41
588 Finance Act 1972
PART I
Offences and
penalties.
or to be in possession of any such documents or other
things ;
but no woman or girl shall be searched except by a woman.
( 4 ) In the application of this section to Scotland, the reference
to a justice of the peace includes a reference to the sheriff and
a magistrate.
38.-( 1 ) If any person is knowingly concerned in, or in the
taking of steps with a view to, the fraudulent evasion of tax by
him or any other person, he shall be liable to a penalty of
£1,000 or three times the amount of the tax, whichever is the
greater, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years,
ortoboth.
( 2) If any person-
( a ) with intent to deceive produces, furnishes or sends for
the purposes of this Part of this Act or otherwise makes
use for those purposes of any document which is false
in a material particular ; or
( b) in furnishing any information for the purposes of this
Part of this Act makes any statement which he knows
to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes
a statement which is false in a material particular ;
he shall be liable to a penalty of £1,000 or to imprisonment for
aterm not exceeding two years, or to both.
(3) Where a person's conduct during any specified period
must have involved the commission by him of one or more
offences under the preceding provisions of this section, then,
whether or not the particulars of that offence or those offences
are known, he shall, by virtue of this subsection, be guilty of an
offence and liable to a penalty of £1,000 or, if greater, three
times the amount of any tax that was or was intended to be
evaded by his conduct, or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding two years, or to both.
( 4) If any person acquires possession of or deals with any
goods, or accepts the supply of any services, having reason to
believe that tax on the supply of the goods or services or on
the importation of the goods has been or will be evaded, he
shall be liable to a penalty of £1,000 or three times the amount
of the tax, whichever is the greater.
( 5) If any person fails to comply with the requirements of
Schedule 1 to this Act or supplies goods or services in con-
travention of section 32( 2) of this Act he shall be liable to a
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 589
penalty of £1,000 or, if greater, three times the amount of the
tax evaded by the failure or contravention.
PART I
(6) If a person other than-
( a ) a person registered under this Part of this Act ; or
( b ) a body corporate treated for the purposes of section 21
of this Act as a member of a group ; or
( c) a person treated as a taxable person under regulations
made under section 23( 3) of this Act ; or
( d ) a person authorised to do so under regulations made
under section 30(6) of this Act ; or
(e) a person acting on behalf of the Crown ;
issues an invoice showing an amount as being tax or as being
attributable to tax he shall be liable to a penalty of £1,000 or
three times the amount so shown, whichever is the greater.
( 7 ) If any person fails to comply with any requirement im-
posed under section 34 or 35 of this Act or any regulations or
rules made under this Part of this Act, he shall be liable to a
penalty of £100, together with a penalty of £10 for each day
on which the failure continues.
( 8) Sections 281 to 291 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 1952 с. 44 .
( proceedings for offences, mitigation of penalties and certain
other matters ) shall apply in relation to offences under this
Part of this Act (which include any act or omission in respect
of which a penalty is imposed ) and penalties imposed under
this Part of this Act as they apply in relation to offences and
penalties under the customs and excise Acts as defined in that
Act; and accordingly in section 290( 2) as it applies by virtue of
this subsection the reference to duty shall be construed as a
reference to the tax.
39.- ( 1) Acertificate of the Commissioners- Evidenceby certificate ,
( a ) that a person was or was not , at any date, registeredetc.
under this Part of this Act ; or
( b ) that any return required by or under this Part of this
Act has not been made or had not been made at any
date ; or
( c ) that any tax shown as due in any return or assessment
made in pursuance of this Part of this Act has not
beenpaid;
shall be sufficient evidence of that fact until the contrary is
proved .
590 Finance Act 1972
c. 41
PART I
Appeals.
( 2) A photograph of any document furnished to the Com-
missioners for the purposes of this Part of this Act and certified
by them to be such a photograph shall be admissible in any
proceedings, whether civil or criminal, to the same extent as
the document itself.
( 3) Any document purporting to be a certificate under sub-
section (1) or subsection ( 2 ) of this section shall be deemed to
be such a certificate until the contrary is proved.
Appeals
40.-(1) An appeal shall lie to a value added tax tribunal
constituted in accordance with Schedule 6 to this Act against
the decision of the Commissioners with respect to any of the
following matters : -
( a) the registration or cancellation of registration of any
person under this Part of this Act ;
(b) an assessment under section 31 of this Act or the
amount of such an assessment ;
( c ) the tax chargeable on the supply of any goods or ser-
vices or, subject to subsection (5) of this section, on the
importation of any goods ;
( d ) the amount of any input tax which may be deducted
by aperson ;
( e ) the proportion of any supplies that is to be taken as
consisting of taxable supplies ;
( f ) any refusal to permit the value of supplies to be deter-
mined by a method described in a notice published
under section 30( 3) of this Act ;
( g) any refusal of an application under section 21 of this
Act;
( h ) any direction under paragraph 1 or paragraph 2 of
Schedule 3 to this Act;
(i ) the requirement of any security under section 32( 2) of
thisAct .
( 2 ) An appeal under this section shall not be entertained
unless the appellant has made all the returns which he was
required to make under section 30( 2) of this Act and has paid
the amounts shown in those returns as payable by him.
( 3) Where the appeal is against a decision with respect to
any of the matters mentioned in paragraph (b) or ( c) of sub-
section(1) of this section it shall not be entertained unless-
( a ) the amount which the Commissioners have determined
to be payable as tax has been paid or deposited with
them ; or
Finance Act 1972 591
c .41
( b) on being satisfied that the appellant would otherwise
suffer hardship the Commissioners agree or the value
added tax tribunal decides that it should be entertained
notwithstanding that that amount has not been so
paid or deposited.
PART I
( 4) Where on an appeal under this section it is found-
( a ) that the whole or part of any amount paid or deposited
in pursuance of subsection ( 3) of this section is not
due ; or
( b) that the whole or part of any amount due to the
appellant under section 3(2) of this Act has not been
paid ;
so much of that amount as is found not to be due or not
to have been paid shall be repaid (or, as the case may be, paid)
with interest at such rate as the value added tax tribunal may
determine ; and where the appeal has been entertained not-
withstanding that an amount determined by the Commissioners
to be payable as tax has not been paid or deposited and it is
found on the appeal that that amount is due the tribunal
may, if it thinks fit, direct that that amount shall be paid with
interest at such rate as may be specified in the direction.
( 5) No appeal shall lie under this section with respect to any
matter that has been or could have been referred to arbitra-
tion under section 260 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 as 1952 c. 44 .
applied by section 17 of this Act.
Supplementary
41.- (1 ) There shall be included among the debts which- Priority
( a ) under section 33 of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 are to of tax in
be paid in priority to all other debts in the distribu- bankruptcy ,
winding-up,
tion of the property of a bankrupt or person dying etc.
insolvent ; or
1914 с. 59.
( b ) under section 118 of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act 1913 1913 с. 20.
are to be paid in priority to all other debts in the
division of a bankrupt's estate ; or
( c ) under section 1 of the Preferential Payments ( Bank- 1964 c. 32
ruptcies and Arrangements) Act ( Northern Ireland ) (N.I.) .
1964 are to be paid in priority to all other debts in the
distribution of the property of a bankrupt , arranging
debtor or person dying insolvent ; or
( d ) under section 319 of the Companies Act 1948 or section 1948 c. 38.
287 of the Companies Act (Northern Ireland) 1960 are 1960 с. 22
to be paid in priority to all other debts in the winding ( N I. ) .
с .41
592 Finance Act 1972
PART I
up of a company, or under section 94 of the Act of
1948 or section 92 of the Act of 1960 are on an appoint-
ment of a receiver on behalf of debenture holders or
taking of possession by or on behalf of debenture
holders to be paid in priority to any claim for principal
or interest in respect of the debentures ;
the amount of any tax due at the relevant date from the bank-
rupt, debtor, person dying or company and having become due
within the twelve months next before that date.
( 2 ) In this section " the relevant date "-
( a) in relation to section 33 of the Act of 1914, means the
date of the receiving order or of the death, as the case
may be ;
( b) in relation to section 118 of the Act of 1913, means the
date mentioned in subsection ( 4) of that section ;
( c ) in relation to section 1 of the Act of 1964, means the
date of the order of adjudication, the date of the filing
of a petition for arrangement or of the death, as the
case maybe ;
( d ) in relation to section 319 of the Act of 1948, or
section 287 of the Act of 1960, has the meaning
assigned to it by that section, and in relation to
section 94 of the Act of 1948 or section 92 of the Act
of 1960, means the date of the appointment of the
receiver or taking of possession ;
and for the purposes of this section the tax having become due
within the twelve months mentioned therein in respect of any
prescribed accounting period falling partly within and partly
outside those twelve months shall be taken to be such part of
the tax due for the whole of that accounting period as is pro-
portionate to the part of that period falling within those twelve
months.
Adjustment
ofcontracts
onchanges
intax .
42.-( 1) Where, after the making of a contract for the supply
of goods or services and before the goods or services are sup-
plied, there is a change in the tax charged on the supply, then,
unless the contract otherwise provided, there shall be added to
or deducted from the consideration for the supply an amount
equal to the change.
( 2) References in this section to a change in the tax charged
on a supply include references to a change to or from no tax
being charged on the supply.
с.41
Finance Act 1972 593
43.-( 1) Any order under this Part of this Act may be varied
or revoked by a subsequent order.
( 2) Any order made by the Treasury and any regulations or
PART I
Orders,
rules and
regulations .
rules under this Part of this Act shall be made by statutory
instrument.
( 3) Any statutory instrument made under this Part of this
Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of the Commons House of Parliament, except an Order in Coun-
cil and an order making such provision as is mentioned in sub-
section (4) of this section.
( 4 ) An order under this Part of this Act making provision-
( a ) for increasing the rate of tax in force at the time of
the making of the order ; or
( b ) for excepting any input tax from the provisions of sub-
sections ( 1 ) to (5) of section 3 of this Act ; or
( c ) for varying Schedule 4 or Schedule 5 to this Act so as
to abolish the zero -rating of a supply or to abolish
the exemption of a supply without zero -rating it ;
shall be laid before the Commons House of Parliament ; and
unless it is approved by that House before the expiration of a
period of twenty- eight days beginning with the date on which
it was made, it shall cease to have effect on the expiration of
that period, but without prejudice to anything previously done
thereunder or to the making of a new order .
In reckoning any such period no account shall be taken of
any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or
during which the Commons House of Parliament is adjourned
for more than four days.
44. A notice to be served on any person for any of the Service of
purposes of this Part of this Act may be served by sending it notices.
by post in a letter addressed to that person at his last or usual
residence or place of business .
45.-(1 ) In this Part of this Act " business " includes any Meaning of
trade, profession or vocation ; and-
"business "
etc.( a) the provision by the Independent Broadcasting
Authority of broadcasting services ; and
( b) the provision by a club or by an association to which
this paragraph applies of the facilities available to its
members ; and
( c) the provision by an organisation to which this paragraph
applies of the advantages of membership ; and
( d ) the admission, for a consideration, of persons to any
premises ;
shall be deemed to be the carrying on of a business.
c .41
594 Finance Act 1972
PART I
1971 с. 72.
( 2) Paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection applies to any
association providing facilities for its members but shall not be
taken to apply to an organisation of workers ( within the meaning
of section 61 of the Industrial Relations Act 1971 as extended
by section 86 of that Act) ; and paragraph ( c ) of that subsection
applies to any organisation of persons carrying on a trade, pro-
fession or vocation and to any association of such organisations,
but only if the organisation or association so elects by notice
in writing given to the Commissioners.
( 3) Where a person, in the course of carrying on a trade,
profession or vocation, accepts an office, other than a public
office, any services supplied by him as holder of the office shall
be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as supplied
in the course of a business carried on by him.
Interpretation. 46.-(1) In this Part of this Act-
" assignment ", in relation to Scotland, means assignation ;
"authorised person " means any person acting under the
authority of the Commissioners ;
" invoice ” includes any document similar to an invoice ;
" input tax " has the meaning assigned to it by section 3
of this Act;
"
money " includes currencies other than sterling ;
66
prescribed accounting period" has the meaning assigned
to it by section 30(1) of this Act ;
" quarter " means a period of three months ending at the
end of March, June, September or December ;
" ship " includes hovercraft ;
tax " means value added tax ;
" taxable person " has the meaning assigned to it by section
4 of this Act;
" taxable supply " means any supply of goods or services
in the United Kingdom other than an exempt supply ;
" the Commissioners " means the Commissioners of
Customs and Excise.
( 2 ) Schedules 4 and 5 to this Act shall be interpreted in
accordance with the notes contained therein ; and accordingly
the powers conferred by this Act to vary those Schedules include
apower to add to, delete or vary those notes.
( 3) The descriptions of Groups in those Schedules are for
ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of
thedescriptions of items in those Groups.
( 4 ) References in this Part of this Act to the United Kingdom
include the territorial sea of the United Kingdom.
c. 41
Finance Act 1972 595
47.- (1) Tax shall not be charged on any supply or importa-
PART I
tiontaking place before 1st April 1973 .
Commence-
ment.
( 2 ) Notwithstanding anything in section 7 of this Act or in
section 79 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 as applied by 1952 c. 44.
section 17 of this Act-
( a) a payment made before 1st April 1973 may be dis-
regarded in determining for the purposes of this section
whether a supply takes place before that date if, or
to the extent that, it appears to the Commissioners
that it would not have been so made but for the tax ;
and
( b) goods of which entry is made under section 28 of the
Customs and Excise Act 1952 shall be treated for the
purposes of this section as imported on the date on
which entry is so made, except that if the entry is for
warehousing the goods shall be treated for the purposes
of this section as imported on the date on which they
are removed from warehouse.
48. The Treasury may by order make provision for securing Television sets
that where a television set- supplied on
hire at
( a) is supplied on hire for a period beginning before 1st commence-
April 1973 ; and
ment of tax.
( b) is treated by virtue of regulations made under section 7
of this Act as supplied for successive parts of that
period;
and such other conditions are satisfied as may be specified in the
order, the tax on the supply for such a part ending on or before
31st March 1975 shall be chargeable as if the consideration for
the supply were reduced to such extent as may be specified
in the order ; and different provision may be so made for different
parts so ending and for different circumstances .
49. Where a vehicle in respect of which purchase tax has Vehicles
been remitted under section 23 of the Purchase Tax Act 1963 brought back
( vehicles acquired for use outside United Kingdom ) is brought to U.K. after
remission of
back to the United Kingdom, the vehicle shall not, when purchase tax.
brought back, be treated as imported for the purpose of value
1963 с. 9.
added tax chargeable on the importation of goods.
50.-( 1 ) If an Act of Tynwald makes provision similar to Isle of Man.
the provision made with respect to value added tax by this Act,
Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision for
securing that-
( a ) tax is charged under either Act as if references therein
to the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man included
c .41
596 Finance Act 1972
PART I
both the United Kingdom and the Isle of Man, but
is not charged under both Acts in respect of the same
transaction ; and
( b) persons who are taxable persons for the purposes of
either Act are treated as taxable persons for the pur-
poses also of the other ; and
( c) a removal of goods from the United Kingdom into the
Isle of Man or from the Isle of Man into the United
Kingdom is not treated for the purposes of either Act
as an importation or exportation of the goods ;
and for making such modifications in those Acts and orders
rules and regulations made thereunder as may be requisite for
those purposes ; and similarly with respect to any Act passed
after this Act and relating to value added tax .
( 2) An Order in Council under this section may include pro-
1958 с. 11.
vision for section 2 of the Isle of Man Act 1958 ( Isle of Man
share of certain duties ) to apply as if value added tax and the
tax for which provision is made by Act of Tynwald were in-
cluded among the duties mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) of that
section and as if the reference in subsection (2)(a) of that section
to goods consumed or used in the Isle of Man included a refer-
ence to services supplied in the Island.
Refund of tax
51. The Commissioners shall refund to the Government of
toGovernmentNorthern Ireland the amount of the tax charged on the supply
of Northern
Ireland .
of goods or services to, or on the importation of goods by, that
Government, after deducting therefrom so much of that amount
as may be agreed between them and the Ministry of Finance
for Northern Ireland as attributable to supplies and importa-
tions for the purpose of a business carried on by the Govern-
ment of Northern Ireland.
Cartax.
PART II
CAR TAX AND PURCHASE TAX
52.- (1) A tax , to be known as car tax, shall be charged after
31st March 1973 on all chargeable vehicles made or registered in
the United Kingdom.
( 2 ) Car tax on any vehicle shall be charged at the rate of
10 per cent. of the wholesale value of the vehicle.
( 3) In this section " chargeable vehicle " means, subject to the
following provisions of this section, any vehicle ofa kind normally
used on public roads which is propelled by an internal combustion
engine, has three or more wheels and either-
( a ) is constructed or adapted solely or mainly for the carriage
ofpassengers; or
c .41
Finance Act 1972 597
( b) has to the rear of the driver's seat roofed accommodation
PART II
which is fitted with side windows or which is constructed
or adapted for the fitting of side windows.
( 4 ) The following are not chargeable vehicles-
( a) vehicles capable of accommodating only one person or
suitable for carrying twelve or more persons ;
( b ) vehicles of not less than three tons unladen weight ;
( c ) caravans, ambulances and prison vans ;
( d ) vehicles of a type approved by the Assistant Commis-
sioner of Police of the Metropolis as conforming to the
conditions of fitness for the time being laid down by
him for the purposes of the London Cab Order 1934;
1934 S.R. & Ο.
(e) vehicles constructed for a special purpose other than the No. 1346.
carriage of persons and having no other accommodation
for carrying persons than such as is incidental to that
purpose.
( 5 ) The Treasury may by order made by statutory instrument
delete or vary any description of vehicle for the time being
specified in subsection ( 4 ) of this section or add a description of
vehicle to those so specified; and any such order may contain
such transitional provisions as appear to the Treasury to be
necessary or expedient.
A statutory instrument made under this subsection shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons
House of Parliament except such an order as is mentioned in
subsection (6 ) of this section.
( 6 ) An order under subsection (5 ) of this section the effect of
which is to include any description of vehicle among those which
are chargeable vehicles shall be laid before the Commons House
of Parliament; and unless it is approved by that House before
the expiration of a period of twenty- eight days beginning with
thedate on which it was made it shall cease to have effect on the
expiration of that period, but without prejudice to anything
previously done thereunder or to the making of a new order.
In reckoning any such period no account shall be taken of any
time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during
which the Commons House of Parliament is adjourned for more
than four days.
( 7 ) A vehicle is not a chargeable vehicle if it is more than
twenty years old.
( 8) A vehicle is not a chargeable vehicle if purchase tax has
beenpaid in respect of it.
с . 41
598 Finance Act 1972
PART II
1971 с. 10.
( 9) References in this section to the making of a chargeable
vehicle include references to the conversion into a chargeable
vehicle of a vehicle of any other description.
( 10 ) In this section " registered " means registered under the
Vehicles (Excise) Act 1971 or any corresponding enactment of the
Parliament of Northern Ireland for the time being in force.
(11) Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the
car tax.
Purchase
tax :
alteration
ofrates.
1963 с. 9.
Abolition
of purchase
tax.
53. Subject to any new order of the Treasury under section 2
of the Purchase Tax Act 1963, Part I of Schedule 1 to that Act
( chargeable and exempt goods and rates of tax ) as amended shall
have effect as from 22nd March 1972 with the substitution for any
reference to 45 per cent. or 30 per cent. ofa reference to 25 per cent.
54.-(1 ) Purchase tax shall not be charged in any case where,
under the provisions of the Purchase Tax Act 1963, it would
become due after 31st March 1973 or where, under the enact-
ments applied by section 25 of that Act to tax chargeable under
section 11 thereof, it would be payable after that date.
( 2 ) Subsection (1) of this section shall not affect-
( a ) the operation of section 13( 4) of the Purchase Tax Act
1963 (tax on imported goods not accounted for to
satisfaction of Commissioners) in relation to goods
deemed to be imported as mentioned in subsection (3)
of that section on a representation made before April
1973 ; or
( b) any liability to tax arising on the breach of a condition
subject to which relief from purchase tax was given.
( 3) Where a person carries on a business before 1st April 1973
in such circumstances that he is required under section 4(1) of
the Purchase Tax Act 1963 to be registered but the relevant date
mentioned in section 5( 1) of that Act (applications for registra-
tion ) falls not earlier than fourteen days before that day, that
section shall have effect as if it required him to give to the
Commissioners of Customs and Excise, before the expiration of
fourteen days from the relevant date, notice in writing of his
so carrying on the business.
( 4) Notwithstanding anything in section 14 of the Purchase
Tax Act 1963, no process completed after 31st March 1973 shall
be a chargeable process within the meaning of that Act.
( 5) Where a person is, on 31st March 1973, under a duty
to preserve records and accounts kept under section 24 of the
c .41
Finance Act 1972 599
Purchase Tax Act 1963, that duty, and his obligation to produce
PART II
them for inspection, shall continue after that date, notwith-
standing that he is no longer registered or required to be
registered under that Act.
( 6 ) In relation to any time falling after 31st March 1973
references to registered persons in section 31 of the Purchase
Tax Act 1963 and in any regulations made under that section 1963 с. 9.
before the passing of this Act shall have effect as references to
persons who were registered persons before 1st April 1973 ; and
the reference to a registered person in section 12( 3) of that Act
shall be construed accordingly.
( 7) Regulations under section 31 of the Purchase Tax Act
1963 may make provision for requiring persons-
( a ) to keep, on and after 1st October 1972, and preserve
for such period as may be specified in the regulations,
records in such form and containing such particulars
as may be so specified of chargeable goods in their
possession in circumstances where the delivery of the
goods is liable, under section 40( 4) of that Act, to be
treated as a delivery under a chargeable purchase, and
of such purchases made of such goods, and to produce
the records for inspection by any officer or other person
authorised in that behalf by the Commissioners of
Customs and Excise at such time and at such place
as that officer or person may require ; and
( b) to furnish, at such times and places as may be specified
in the regulations, to persons who have delivered such
goods statements in such form and containing such
particulars of goods remaining in the possession of the
persons furnishing the statements and of purchases
made of the goods as may be so specified, and to
require such statements to contain a declaration, signed
by the person to whom the goods were delivered, or
on his behalf, by such persons as may be specified in
the regulations, that the statement is to the best of
his knowledge correct and complete.
( 8) The enactments mentioned in Part I of Schedule 28 to
this Act are hereby repealed, to the extent specified in the
third column of that Part, as from the end of March 1973 ; and
the enactments mentioned in Part II of that Schedule are hereby
repealed, to the extent specified in the third column of that Part,
as from such date as the Treasury may by order made by
statutory instrument appoint, and different dates may be so
appointed for different enactments .
600 Finance Act 1972
с . 41
PART II 55.-( 1 ) In section 14( 2) of the Crown Proceedings Act 1947
Amendments (summary applications to High Court for payment of purchase
consequential tax and furnishing of information relating thereto) and in
on replace-
section 14 of that Act as it applies in Northern Ireland for the
ment of
purchase tax.
words " purchase tax " in paragraphs (c ) and (d ) there shall be
1947 с. 44.
substituted the words " value added tax " ; but without prejudice
to the operation of that section as originally enacted (or of the
section substituted for Northern Ireland) with respect to pur-
chase tax becoming due before the coming into force of this
section or with respect to so much of the enactments relating to
purchase tax as remains in force thereafter .
1968 с. 44.
( 2) In subsections ( 1) and ( 2) of section 7 of the Finance
Act 1968 (relief from customs duty and purchase tax payable
by persons entering the United Kingdom and simplified com-
putation of duty and tax ) for the words " purchase tax ",
wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words " value
added tax ".
(3) For subsection (6) of that section there shall be substituted
the following subsection-
"
"(6 ) In this section " value added tax means value
added tax chargeable on the importation of goods and
references to customs duty include any addition thereto by
1961 с. 36.
virtue of section 9 of the Finance Act 1961 ".
( 4 ) In section 6(1) of the Finance Act 1968 for the words
following paragraph ( a ) there shall be substituted the following
words-
" ( b) being dutiable goods or chargeable goods, he has
obtained in the United Kingdom without payment of
duty or tax ;
and in respect of which he is not entitled to exemption from
duty and tax by virtue of any order under section 7 of this Act.
In this subsection ' chargeable goods ' means goods on the
importation of which value added tax is chargeable or goods
obtained in the United Kingdom before 1st April 1973 which
are chargeable goods within the meaning of the Purchase Tax
Act 1963 ; and ' tax ' means value added tax or purchase tax. "
1968 с. 48.
( 5 ) In section 9 of the International Organisations Act 1968
for the words " or of purchase tax " there shall be substituted
the words " value added tax or car tax " and in paragraph 7
of Schedule 1 to that Act for the words " purchase tax paid
on any goods " there shall be substituted the words 66
car tax
paid on any vehicles and value added tax paid on the supply
of any goods or services " ; but without prejudice to the operation
of that section or paragraph as originally enacted with respect
to purchase tax becoming due before the coming into force of
this section.
c .41
Finance Act 1972 601
( 6 ) In section 6 of the Vehicles ( Excise) Act 1971 (exemption
PART II
from vehicles excise duty of vehicles acquired by overseas 1971 с. 10.
residents ) the following shall be substituted for subsection ( 1 ) ,
but without prejudice to the operation of that subsection as
originally enacted in relation to purchase tax remitted under
section 23 of the Purchase Tax Act 1963 : -
1963 с. 9
" (1 ) A mechanically propelled vehicle shall not be
chargeable with any duty under this Act if it has been
supplied to the person keeping it by a taxable person within
the meaning of section 4 of the Finance Act 1972 and the
supply has been zero -rated in pursuance of subsection (7)
of section 12 of that Act ; but if , at any time, the value
added tax that would have been chargeable on the supply
but for the zero -rating becomes payable under subsection (8)
of that section, or would have become so payable but for
any authorisation or waiver under that subsection, then
the provisions of subsection ( 3) below shall apply in relation
to that vehicle ".
( 7) This section shall come into force on 1st April 1973 .
PART III
CUSTOMS AND EXCISE
56.- (1) The following provisions of this section ( which, in Spirits and
pursuance of the international obligations of the United Kingdom, mechanical
reduce certain rates of customs duties) shall have effect as from lighters
8th August 1972. ( Kennedy round
( 2) For Table 1 in Schedule 1 to the Finance Act 1964 (rates
reductions).
of customs and excise duties on spirits other than imported 1964 c. 49 .
perfumed spirits ) as substituted by section 1( 2 ) of the Finance 1969 c. 32.
Act 1969 there shall be substituted the Table set out in Schedule
8 to this Act.
( 3) The duty of customs charged on mechanical lighters by
section 6 of the Finance Act 1928 shall be charged (except where, 1928 c. 17.
by virtue of section 3 of the Finance Act 1963 (E.F.T.A.) or 1963 c. 25.
section 3 of the Finance Act 1968 (Republic of Ireland ) it is 1968 c. 44.
charged at the corresponding rates of excise duty) at the rate of
324p or, in the case of gas lighters within the meaning of section 8
of the Finance Act 1949, 224p, a lighter, instead of at the rates 1949 c. 47.
specified in subsection (1) of that section.
57.- (1 ) The operations that may be permitted on warehoused Spirits-
goods under section 84 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 compounding
shall include the rectifying and compounding of spirits ; and and rectifying
accordingly- in warehouse
anduse for
( a) spirits used in warehouse in pursuance of a permission medical
given by virtue of this section shall be treated for the purposes.
1952 с. 44.
602 Finance Act 1972
с . 41
PART III
1952 с. 44.
purposes of section 102 of that Act ( restrictions relating
to rectifiers) as spirits on which duty has been duly
paid and section 101 of that Act ( penalty for excess
or deficiency in stock ) shall not apply to spirits so
used; and
( b) no allowance shall be paid under section 104 of that
Act in respect of spirits compounded in pursuance
of such a permission and section 109(1) of that Act
( restrictions on delivery of immature spirits ) shall not
apply to spirits so compounded.
( 2) Where the Commissioners approve as a warehouse in
which operations permitted by virtue of this section may be
carried out the premises or part of the premises of a rectifier
or compounder and at the time of the approval there are on
the premises or part any spirits on which duty has been duly
paid, then-
( a) if those spirits are British compounded spirits section 103
of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (warehousing on
drawback) shall apply as if the spirits had been ware-
housed at that time ; and
( b) if those spirits are not British compounded spirits the
Commissioners may repay the duty paid on them.
(3) Duty shall not be payable on any spirits contained in
an article imported or delivered from warehouse which is
recognised by the Commissioners as being used for medical
purposes ; and
( a) in relation to spirits used after the coming into operation
of this section, section 112(1) of the Customs and
Excise Act 1952 (repayment of duty ) shall have effect
as if for the words following " repayment " there were
substituted the words " of the duty paid thereon " :
and
( b ) in relation to spirits in respect of which a repayment
has been made after the coming into operation of
this section, paragraph ( a) of the proviso to section
103(5) of that Act shall have effect as if for the words
following " this Act " there were substituted the words
" no drawback shall be payable "; and
( c ) in section 113( 1)(b) of that Act after the words " the
last foregoing section " there shall be inserted the
words " or which were exempted from duty under
section 57 of the Finance Act 1972 ".
( 4 ) This section shall have effect as from 8th August 1972.
с . 41
Finance Act 1972 603
58.- ( 1 ) In section 1( 2) (a) of the Betting and Gaming Duties PART III
Act 1972 (general betting duty on on- course bets) for the words Reduction of
" 5 per cent . " there shall be substituted the words " 4 per cent. ". general betting
( 2) This section shall come into force on 31st July 1972. duty on on-
course bets.
1972 с. 25.
59. In paragraph 18(1) of Schedule 2 to the Betting and Gaming
Gaming Duties Act 1972 ( provisions as to rateable values in licence duty .
Scotland ) the words " but before 1st April 1973 " shall be
omitted and after that paragraph there shall be inserted the
following:-
“ Provisions as to rateable values in England and Wales
19.-(1) For the purpose of determining the amount of
the duty chargeable on a gaming licence in respect of
premises in England and Wales for a period beginning
after 31st March 1973 the rateable value of any heredita-
ment shall be ascertained in accordance with the following
provisions of this paragraph in any case where a rateable
value is shown for it in the valuation list then in force
and either a lower value or no value is shown for it in
the valuation list in force on 31st March 1973.
( 2) Where the rateable value of any hereditament falls
to be ascertained in accordance with this paragraph, then-
( a ) if a rateable value is shown for it in the valuation
list in force on 31st March 1973, its rateable value
shall be taken to be the value so shown, but
subject to paragraph (b) below ;
( b) if , since the time of valuation, there has been a
change of use or a material change of circum-
stances affecting the value of the hereditament
its rateable value shall be taken to be the value
determined under this paragraph as the rateable
value that would have been shown for it in that
valuation list if the change had been given effect
to in the preparation of that list ;
(c ) if no value is shown for the hereditament in the
valuation list in force on 31st March 1973 its
rateable value shall be taken to be the value
determined under this paragraph as the value
that would have been so shown if , at the time of
the valuation for the purposes of that list, the
premises in respect of which the licence is to be
granted had been in existence and all relevant
circumstances had been the same as at the time
the value of the hereditament is determined under
this paragraph.
( 3) Any determination under this paragraph shall be
made by the Commissioners after consultation with the
604 Finance Act 1972
c .41
PART III
1967 с. 9.
valuation officer ; but an appeal shall lie to the Lands
Tribunal from their determination.
( 4) If the amount of duty chargeable is reduced in
consequence of such an appeal, any amount overpaid shall
be repaid .
( 5) In this paragraph ' valuation officer ' has the same
meaning as in the General Rate Act 1967 and ' material
change of circumstances ' and ' the time of valuation '
have the meanings assigned to them by section 68( 4) of
that Act ."
Continuation
60. The period after which orders of the Treasury under
ofpowers under section 9 section 9 of the Finance Act 1961 may not be made or continue
ofFinanceAct in force ( which, by section 12 of the Finance Act 1971, was
1961.
extended until the end of August 1972) shall extend until the
1961 с. 36.
end of August 1973 or such later date as Parliament may
1971 с. 68.
hereafter determine.
Temporary
powerto
reduce certain
revenue duties.
61.-(1 ) The Treasury may by order made before 1st April
1973 substitute for any of the rates at which any duty of
customs or excise is chargeable on-
( a) spirits, other than power methylated spirits ;
( b ) beer;
( c ) wine ;
( d ) British wine ;
( e) tobacco;
( f ) matches ; or
( g ) mechanical lighters ;
such lower rate as may be specified in the order and may
substitute a correspondingly lower rate for any rate of drawback
payable.
( 2 ) An order under subsection ( 1) of this section shall be
made by statutory instrument and may be varied or revoked
by a further order under that subsection.
( 3) Any statutory instrument made by virtue of this section
shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of
the Commons House of Parliament.
Chargeof
income tax
for 1972-73.
PART IV
INCOME TAX AND CORPORATION TAX
62. Income tax for the year 1972-73 shall be charged at the
standard rate of 38.75 per cent. and, in the case of an individual
whose total income exceeds £3,000, at such higher rates in
respect of the excess over £2,000 as Parliament may hereafter
determine.
Finance Act 1972 605
c .41
63.-(1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, income tax for the
PART IV
year 1971-72 shall be charged, in the case of an individual Surtax rates
whose total income exceeded £3,000, at rates in respect of the for 1971-72.
excess of that income over £ 2,000 which respectively exceed
the standard rate by the amounts by which the higher rates for
the year 1970-71 exceeded the standard rate for that year.
( 2) An individual whose total income for the year 1971-72
did not exceed £3,500 shall be entitled to have the surtax
chargeable by virtue of subsection ( 1) above reduced to an
amount equal to 40 per cent. of the difference between his total
income and £ 3,000.
64. Corporation tax shall be charged for the financial year Charge ofcorpora-
1971 at the rate of 40 per cent. tiontax for
financial year 1971.
65.- (1) The deductions from tax to be made under section 8 Alterations
of the Taxes Act (personal relief ) shall be increased by the ofpersonal
substitution- reliefs.
( a ) in subsection ( 1)(a) (married) of £600 for £ 465 ;
( b) in subsection ( 1)(b) ( single) of £ 460 for £325 ; and
( c ) in subsection (2) (wife's earned income relief ) of £ 460
for £325 ;
and accordingly that section shall have effect for the year
1973-74 and subsequent years of assessment as if in the third
column of the Table set out in section 33(2) of the Finance 1971 c. 68
Act 1971 the amounts to be deducted from total income under
section 8 were £775, £595 and £595 instead of £600, £ 420
and £ 420, and that Table shall have effect as if the amounts
substituted by paragraphs ( a) to ( c) above were also substituted
in the second column for the amounts shown as previous
deductions under section 8 ; and paragraph 5 of Schedule 6 to
the Finance Act 1971 shall have effect with corresponding
substitutions .
( 2 ) In section 7 of the Taxes Act (relief for persons over
sixty-five with small incomes) —
( a ) for the references to £530 and £825 (income limits for
exemption ) there shall be substituted references to
£634 and £929 ; and
( b ) for the reference to £345 (excess over those limits
beyond which relief by reduction of tax is excluded)
there shall be substituted a reference to £245 .
( 3) In section 6 of the Taxes Act (relief for small incomes) -
( a ) for the references to £ 450 (income limit for full relief )
there shall be substituted references to £550 ; and
( b) for the reference to £750 (income limit for marginal
relief ) there shall be substituted a reference to £805.
606 Finance Act 1972
c.41
PART IV
Income tax
rates for
1973-74.
Capital
allowances.
1971 с. 68.
66. Income tax for the year 1973-74 shall, unless Parliament
otherwise determines, be charged at the basic rate of 30 per
cent.; and
(a ) in respect of so much of an individual's total income
as exceeds £5,000 at such higher rates as are specified
in the Table below ; and
( b) in respect of so much of the investment income included
in an individual's total income as exceeds £2,000 at the
additional rate of 15 per cent.
Table
Part of excess over £5,000
Higher rate
The first £1,000... ...
40 per cent.
The next £1,000... ...
45 per cent.
The next £1,000... ...
50 per cent.
The next £2,000... ...
55 per cent.
The next £2,000... ...
60 per cent.
The next £3,000... ...
65 per cent.
The next £5,000... ...
70 per cent.
The remainder... ... 75 per cent.
67.- ( 1) In relation to expenditure incurred after 19th July
1971 and before 22nd March 1972 section 42 of the Finance
Act 1971 (first - year allowances) shall have effect as if
( a) in subsection (1) 80 per cent. were substituted for
60 per cent.;
( b) in subsection (2) (b) the words" for industrial purposes ",
in subsection ( 4) paragraphs (ii) and (iii ), and, in
subsection ( 6) , the definition of " industrial purposes
were omitted ; and
( c ) in the definition of " mobile equipment " for the words
" in or about a building or structure used for industrial
purposes there were substituted the words " in or
about premises used for the purposes of a trade, or
on agricultural, forestry or amenity land or ".
( 2 ) In relation to expenditure incurred after 21st March
1972-
( a ) that section shall have effect as if in subsection (1) the
words " the whole " were substituted for the words
" 60 per cent. " and subsections ( 2) to (6) were omitted ;
( b) paragraph 8 of Schedule 8 to that Act shall have effect
as if at the end there were added the following sub-
paragraph-
" (5) Where a first-year allowance in respect of a
person's expenditure on the provision of a ship falls
to be withheld or withdrawn by virtue of section
c.41
Finance Act 1972 607
41( 2) of this Act, that person's ownership of the PART IV
ship shall be disregarded in determining for the pur-
poses of this paragraph whether the ship is new . " ;
(c ) section 177(3A ) of the Taxes Act shall have effect as
if the words " within section 42( 2)(b) of that Act "
were omitted and after the word " disclaimed " there
were inserted the words or postponed " ; and
(d ) section 1 ( 2) of the Capital Allowances Act 1968 (initial 1968 c. 3.
allowances for industrial buildings and structures, etc.)
shall have effect as if for the words " three -twentieths "
there were substituted the words " two -fifths " ;
and accordingly subsection (1)( b) of section 15 of the Finance 1970 c. 24.
Act 1970 shall not apply to expenditure so incurred.
( 3) At the end of section 84(1) and of section 95(6) of the
Capital Allowances Act 1968 there shall be added the words
" unless it is so met by a grant made under Part I of the Industry
Act 1972 or such grant made under an enactment of the Parlia-
ment of Northern Ireland as may be declared by the Treasury
by order made by statutory instrument to correspond to a grant
made under the said Part I.
Astatutory instrument made under this section shall be subject
to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons
House of Parliament . "
( 4) Expenditure shall not be treated for the purposes of this
section as having been incurred after the date on which it
was in fact incurred by reason only of section 1 ( 6) of the
Capital Allowances Act 1968 (expenditure incurred before trade
began ) or section 5( 1) of that Act (purchase of unused buildings)
or so much of section 50( 4) of the Finance Act 1971 as relates 1971 с. 68.
to expenditure incurred before trade began.
68.-(1) Chapter I of Part III of the Finance Act 1971 Restriction
shall not apply to capital expenditure on the provision of second- ofcapital
hand machinery or plant incurred by any person on or after allowances
14th June 1972 if- inrespect of
machinery
( a) the machinery or plant belonged to him at any time andplant.
before 27th October 1970 or fell to be treated as
belonging to him at any such time for the purposes of
any provision of Chapter II of Part I of the Capital
Allowances Act 1968 ; or
( b) capital expenditure on providing the machinery or plant
was incurred by another person before the said 27th
October and the machinery or plant continues after
the date of the transaction under which the first-
mentioned expenditure is incurred to be used for the
purposes of a trade carried on by that other person.
( 2) Where on or after 14th June 1972 a person disposes of
any machinery or plant to another person who is connected with
608 Finance Act 1972
с. 41
PART IV him and the disposal value falls to be treated under subsection
( 6) of section 44 of the said Act of 1971 as equal to the open
market value of the machinery or plant , the proviso to that
subsection shall have effect as if the reference to the capital
expenditure incurred by the person there mentioned were a
reference to that capital expenditure or to the capital expenditure
on the provision of the machinery or plant incurred by any
other person who is connected with him, whichever is the
greater.
(3) Paragraph 3 of Schedule 8 to the said Act of 1971 shall be
amended as follows-
( a ) in sub- paragraph (1) the words " which has been in
use for the purposes of a trade carried on by the
seller " shall be omitted;
( b) in sub-paragraph ( 2) for the words " which has been in
use for the purposes of a trade carried onby the person
to whom the machinery or plant belongs " there shall
66
be substituted the words belonging to another
person " ;
( c ) in sub -paragraph ( 3) the words " which has been in use
for the purposes of his trade " shall be omitted ;
and paragraph ( b) of each of those sub- paragraphs shall have
effect as if the reference to the machinery or plant continuing to
be used for the purposes of a trade carried on by the person
there mentioned included a reference to its being used after the
date of the sale, the making of the contract or the assignment
of the benefit of the contract (as the case may be ) for the
purposes of a trade carried on by that person or another person
who is connected with him ( other than the buyer, the person
entering into the contract or the assignee) without having been
used since that date for the purposes of any other trade except
that of leasing machinery or plant.
( 4) In a case in which no disposal value falls to be brought
into account as mentioned in sub- paragraph (1) of the said
paragraph 3, that sub-paragraph shall have effect as if for the
reference to the disposal value to be so brought into account
there were substituted a reference to an amount equal to which-
ever of the following is the smallest-
( a ) the open market value of the machinery or plant ;
( b) the capital expenditure incurred by the seller on the
provision of the machinery or plant ;
( c) the capital expenditure so incurred by any person who is
connected with the seller.
( 5) The said sub-paragraph ( 1) shall not by virtue of paragraph
( a ) or (b) thereof deny a first- year allowance if the machinery
or plant has not before the sale been used for the purposes of
a trade by the seller or any person connected with him but for
c.41
Finance Act 1972 609
the purposes of that allowance there shall be disregarded so
much (if any) of the expenditure as exceeds whichever is the
smallest of the amounts mentioned in subsection (4)(a), (b) and
( c ) above.
(6) Subsections ( 4) and ( 5) above shall apply in relation to
sub-paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3) of the said paragraph 3 as they apply
in relation to sub-paragraph (1) of that paragraph but taking
references-
( a ) to the sale as references to the making of the contract
and to the assignment of the benefit of the contract
respectively ;
( b) to the seller as references to the person to whom the
machinery or plant belongs and to the assignor
respectively.
( 7) Neither sub-paragraph (1) nor sub-paragraph ( 2) of the said
paragraph 3 shall apply in relation to a sale or contract if the
machinery or plant has never been used before the sale or the
making of the contract and the business or part of the business
of the seller or owner was the manufacture or supply of
machinery or plant of that class and the sale was effected or
the contract was made in the ordinary course of that business .
( 8) In paragraph 4 of Schedule 8 to the said Act of 1971, sub-
paragraph ( 1 ) (b) and sub-paragraph (2)(b), together with the word
" and " preceding the latter, shall be omitted.
( 9) Subsections (3) to (7) above apply in relation to cases
where the incurring of the capital expenditure, the making of
the contract or the assignment of the benefit of the contract
mentioned in the said paragraph 3 ( 1), ( 2) or ( 3) occurs on or
after 14th June 1972, and subsection ( 8) above has effect from
thatdate.
(10 ) This section shall be construed as if contained in Chapter
I of Part III of the said Act of 1971 ; and in this section " open
market value " in relation to any machinery or plant means an
amount equal to the price which the machinery or plant would
have fetched if sold in the open market and references to persons
connected with each other shall be construed in accordance with
section 533 of the Taxes Act.
PART IV
69.- (1 ) This section has effect where-
Restriction
(a) the relevant interest in a building or structure is sold ofbalancing
subject to a subordinate interest ; and allowances
on sale of
( b) a balancing allowance would, apart from this section, industrial
fall to be made to the person who is entitled to the buildings and
relevant interest immediately before the sale ( " the structures.
relevant person ") under section 3 of the Capital 1968 c. 3.
Allowances Act 1968 by virtue of the sale ; and
U
c .41
610 Finance Act 1972
PART IV ( c ) either-
(i ) the relevant person, the person to whom the
relevant interest is sold and the grantee of the sub-
ordinate interest, or any two of them, are connected
with each other within the terms of section 533 of
the Taxes Act, or
( ii ) it appears with respect to the sale or to the
grant of the subordinate interest, or with respect to
transactions including the sale or grant, that the sole
or main benefit which, but for this section, might
have been expected to accrue to the parties or any
of them was the obtaining of an allowance under
Chapter I of Part I of the said Act of 1968.
( 2 ) For the purposes of section 3 of the said Act of 1968 the
net proceeds to the relevant person of the sale-
( a ) shall be taken to be increased by an amount equal to
any premium receivable by him for the grant of the
subordinate interest ; and
(b) where no rent, or no commercial rent, is payable in
respect of the subordinate interest, shall be taken to
be what those proceeds would have been if a com-
mercial rent had been payable and the relevant interest
had been sold in the open market ( increased by any
amount to be added under paragraph ( a) of this sub-
section ) ;
but the net proceeds of sale shall not by virtue of this subsection
be taken to be greater than such amount as will secure that no
balancing allowance falls to be made.
(3) Where subsection (2) above operates, in relation to a sale,
to deny or reduce a balancing allowance in respect of any
expenditure the residue of that expenditure immediately after
the sale shall be calculated for the purposes of Chapter I of
Part I of the said Act of 1968 as if that balancing allowance
had been made or, as the case may be, had not been reduced.
( 4 ) In this section-
" subordinate interest " means any interest in or right over
the building or structure in question ( whether granted
by the relevant person or by somebody else) ;
" premium " includes any capital consideration except so
much of any sum as corresponds to any amount of
rent or profits falling to be computed by reference to
that sum under section 80 of the Taxes Act ( premium
treated as rent or Schedule D profits) ;
Finance Act 1972 611
с.41
" capital consideration " means consideration which consists
of a capital sum or would be a capital sum if it had
taken the form of a money payment ;
" rent " includes any consideration which is not capital
consideration ;
" commercial rent " means such rent as may reasonably be
expected to have been required in respect of the sub-
ordinate interest in question ( having regard to any
premium payable for the grant of the interest) if the
transaction had been at arm's length.
( 5 ) Where the terms on which a subordinate interest is
granted are varied before the sale of the relevant interest any
capital consideration for the variation shall be treated for the
purposes of this section as a premium for the grant of the
interest , and the question whether any and, if so, what rent is
payable in respect of the interest shall be determined by reference
to the terms as in force immediately before the sale.
( 6) This section shall be construed as if contained in Chapter I
of Part I of the said Act of 1968 and applies where the relevant
interest is sold on or after 14th June 1972.
PART IV
70. A grant made under section 33(3) of the Health Services Disabled
and Public Health Act 1968 (cost of maintenance etc. of vehicles persons'
belonging to disabled persons) or under any corresponding vehicle
maintenance
enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland to any person grant.
owning a vehicle shall not be treated as income for any
purpose of the Income Tax Acts . 1968 с. 46.
71. So much of any pension or allowance-
Temporary
disregard of
( a ) payable under the National Insurance Act 1965 or the increase in
National Insurance (Industrial Injuries ) Act 1965
or certain
any corresponding enactment of the Parliament
Northern Ireland ; or
of pensions and allowances.
1965 с. 51 .
(b) payable under any Order in Council , Royal Warrant, 1965 с. 52.
order or scheme in respect of death due to service
in the armed forces of the Crown or the merchant
navy or to war injuries ;
as is attributable to any general increase taking effect in the
year 1972-73 shall be left out of account for all the purposes
of income tax charged for that year but not for the purpose
of furnishing information relating to any person's income for
thatyear .
72. A grant made in pursuance of a resolution of the House Terminal
of Commons to a person ceasing to be a Member of that House grants to
on adissolution of Parliament shall be exempt from income tax Members of
Parliament.
U2
612 Finance Act 1972
с.41
PART IV
under Schedule E as an emolument, but without prejudice to
its being taken into account, to the extent permitted by
section 188 (3) of the Taxes Act, under section 187 of that Act.
Compensation
73. The exclusion, by virtue of section 188 (1) ( d ) of the Taxes
for premature Act, of certain benefits from the charge to tax under section 187
retirement,
etc.
of that Act ( payments on retirement or removal from office or
employment) shall not apply to any compensation paid for loss
of office or employment or for loss or diminution of emoluments
unless the loss or diminution is due to ill - health ; but this section
shall not be taken to apply to any payment properly regarded
as a benefit earned by past service.
Occupational
pension
schemes.
1970 с. 24.
1971 с. 68.
Relief for
payment of
interest .
74 .- (1) The date on which-
( a ) section 22 of the Finance Act 1970 ( exemptions and
reliefs for certain statutory schemes) comes into force ;
and
( b ) section 209 of the Taxes Act (the provision replaced
by section 22) and section 211( 5 ) of that Act cease to
have effect;
shall, instead of being a date appointed under paragraph 3 of
Schedule 3 to the Finance Act 1971, be 6th April 1973 ; and on
that date section 210 of the Taxes Act ( disallowance of certain
contributions ) shall cease to have effect.
( 2 ) Accordingly, in paragraph 3(1) of Schedule 3 to the Finance
Act 1971 for the words preceding the paragraphs there shall
be substituted the words " On 6th April 1973 ".
( 3 ) In section 22( 2) of the Finance Act 1970 for the words
66
Any contribution " there shall be substituted the words " Any
ordinary annual contribution " and for the words " for which
the contribution is paid " the words " in which the contribution
is paid".
75.- (1 ) Where a person pays in any year of assessment-
( a ) annual interest chargeable to tax under Case III of
Schedule D; or
( b ) interest payable in the United Kingdom on an advance
from a bank carrying on a bona fide banking business
in the United Kingdom or from a person bona fide
carrying on a business as a member of a stock exchange
in the United Kingdom or bona fide carrying on the
business of a discount house in the United Kingdom;
and makes a claim to relief under this subsection, then, subject
to the following provisions of this section, the amount of the
interest shall be deducted from or set off against his income for
Finance Act 1972 613
c .41
that year of assessment, and income tax shall be discharged or repaid accordingly.
( 2 ) Where interest is paid at a rate in excess of a reasonable
commercial rate relief under this section shall not be given in
respect of so much of the interest as represents the excess .
( 3 ) Relief shall not be given under this section on the first £35
of the interest paid by an individual in any year of assessment
except in so far as it is protected interest as defined in Schedule 9
to this Act, that is to say, interest which would have been eligible
for relief under section 57 , 60 or 190 of the Taxes Act, other than
interest on overdrafts .
( 4 ) Where the whole or part of any sum on which interest is
paid by an individual in any year of assessment is outstanding
in one or more other years of assessment and-
( a ) the interest is not protected interest; and
( b ) the amount ( if any ) of interest other than protected
interest paid by that individual on that and any other
sum in that other year or any of those other years is less
than £35;
subsection (2) above shall be applied as if the question whether
or to what extent interest paid in any year of assessment is in
excess of a reasonable commercial rate had to be decided without
regard to whether or at what rate interest is payable in any other
year; but the amount on which relief is given under this section
shall not be reduced , by virtue of that subsection as so applied,
by more than, for each of those other years in which the amount
so paid is less than £35, the amount of the difference.
( 5 ) Where interest other than protected interest is paid after
the end of the year of assessment inwhich it is due the amount on
which relief is given under this section shall not be reduced under
subsections ( 3) and ( 4 ) above to less than what it would have been
had the interest been paid when due.
( 6 ) For any year in which the agreements set out in Part I
of Schedule 12 to the Taxes Act are in force this section shall
have effect as if the references to the United Kingdom included
references to the Republic of Ireland.
( 7 ) This section has effect subject to Schedule 10 to this Act.
( 8 ) The Taxes Act shall have effect subject to the amendments
specified in Schedule 11 to this Act ; and the enactments
mentioned in Part Vof Schedule 28 to this Act are hereby repealed
to the extent specified in the third column of that Part.
PART IV
76.- (1) The following provisions of this section shall apply Securities
where a person ( in this section referred to as " the borrower ") bought with
acquires, whether before or after the passing of this Act, any
borrowed
securities, or an interest in any securities, which are redeemable money.
U3
614 Finance Act 1972
c.41
PART IV at a specified date (in this section referred to as " the terminal
date ") ; and-
( a ) he pays interest on a debt or other liability which he has
incurred in circumstances which cannot be shown to be
unconnected with the acquisition; and
( b ) the whole or part of the debt or other liability is out-
standing in any part of the period of three years ending
with the terminal date ( in this section referred to as
" the terminal period ") .
( 2 ) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, if-
( a ) the borrower is for any year of assessment entitled to
relief under section 75 of this Act in respect of interest
paid on the debt or liability; and
( b ) the total amount on which he is entitled to relief under
that section in that year in respect of that and any other
interest exceeds £2,000;
then, if the income arising to him from the securities in the
terminal period is less than the interest payable by him in respect
of so much of the debt or liability as is outstanding in any part
of that period, the amount of the difference shall be chargeable
to tax under Case VI of Schedule D as if it were income arising
to him in the year of assessment in which the securities are
redeemed or the securities are or the interest is disposed ofby him.
( 3) If the borrower is a close company which is not a trading
company, subsection ( 2) above shall have effect as if-
( a ) the references to a year of assessment were references to
an accounting period;
( b ) the reference to the borrower being entitled to relief
under section 75 of this Act were a reference to the
borrower being entitled to relief under the Corporation
Tax Acts ; and
( c ) paragraph ( b) were omitted;
but subject to subsection ( 4) below.
( 4 ) Where a person to whom any part of the company's
income is finally apportioned would not be chargeable to tax
under subsection (2 ) above if he, instead of the company, had,
to an extent proportionate to that part, acquired and retained
the securities, incurred the debt or other liability, and paid the
interest on it, and similarly with any other close company any of
whose income is finally apportioned to him , -
( a ) the amount finally apportioned to him shall not be
increased by virtue of subsection ( 3) above; and
( b ) a reduction proportionate to the increase avoided by
paragraph (a) above shall be made in the amount on
с .41
Finance Act 1972 615
which the company is charged to tax under that sub- PART IV
section , but the reduction shall not diminish the amount
finally apportioned to any other person.
( 5 ) Where under arrangements made between connected
persons ( within the meaning of section 533 of the Taxes Act) or
reciprocal arrangements made between any persons-
( a ) one or more of them ( in this subsection referrred to as
" the holders " ) acquire such securities or an interest in
such securities as are mentioned in subsection (1) above;
and
(b ) the other or another of them ( in this subsection referred
to as " the claimant ") pays interest on a debt or other
liability which cannot be shown to be unconnected with
the holders' acquisition;
then, if subsection (1)(b) above applies to the debt or liability,
subsections (2) to ( 4 ) above shall apply as if the securities or
interest had been acquired and retained by the claimant instead
ofby the holders .
( 6 ) In its application to any transaction resulting in a debt or
liability falling within subsection ( 1 ) of this section, section 496( 2)
of the Taxes Act (annuity or other annual payment treated as
interest) shall have effect as if it required the annuity or payment
to be treated as annual interest on that debt or liability.
( 7 ) For the purposes of this section, where securities of any
class are redeemable at different dates they shall be treated as
redeemable at the latest of those dates.
( 8) In this section " security " includes any loan stock or
similar security whether of the Government of the United
Kingdom or of any other government, or of any public or local
authority in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, or of any company,
and whether secured or unsecured, and also includes a certificate
of deposit as defined in section 55( 3) of the Finance Act 1968; 1968 c. 44.
and references to an interest in any securities include references
to an interest in the proceeds of sale of any securities .
( 9) Adebt incurred for the purpose of extinguishing the whole
or part of another debt or liability shall be treated for the purposes
ofthis section as incurred for the same purpose as that other, and
so on where more than two are successively incurred.
(10 ) This section does not apply in relation to any interest paid
or income arising before the year 1972-73 .
77.- (1 ) Where, on or after 11th April 1972, such a right as is Share
mentioned in subsection ( 1) of section 186 of the Taxes Act is options-
obtained as mentioned therein and the right is capable of being modification
ofsection
exercised later than seven years after it is obtained, subsection ( 2) 186 ( 2 ) of
of that section shall not prevent the charging of tax under any TaxesAct.
U4
c .41
616 Finance Act 1972
PART IV Approved
share option
schemes.
other provisions of the Tax Acts in respect of the receipt of the
right; but where tax is charged under any of those provisions, it
shall be deducted from any tax which, under that section, is
chargeable by reference to the gain realised by the exercise,
assignment or release of the right.
( 2 ) For the purpose of any charge to tax enabled to be made
by virtue of this section, the value of a right shall be taken to be
not less than the market value at the time the right is obtained
of the shares which may be acquired by the exercise of the right
or of shares for which shares so acquired may be exchanged,
reduced by the amount or value (or, if variable, the least amount
or value ) of the consideration for which the shares may be so
acquired.
( 3 ) Paragraph 6 of Part VII of Schedule 12 to this Act shall
apply for the interpretation of this section.
78.- (1) Where a person, on or after 6th April 1972, exercises
a right to acquire shares in a body corporate which he obtained
as a director or employee of that or any other body corporate,
then, if-
( a ) the right was obtained by him in pursuance of a scheme
approved under Schedule 12 to this Act ( whether before
or after the right was obtained or exercised ); and
( b ) he satisfies the conditions specified in Part V of that
Schedule ;
section 186 of the Taxes Act ( charge to tax under Schedule E)
shall not apply to any gain realised by him by the exercise and,
subject to subsection (2) of this section, tax shall not be charge-
able under any other provision of the Tax Acts in respect of the
receipt of the right.
( 2 ) Where such a right is on or after 6th April 1972 obtained
by a person as a director or employee of a body corporate in
pursuance of a scheme so approved and he satisfies those con-
ditions, but the aggregate of-
( a ) the amount or value of the consideration ( if any) given
by him for obtaining the right; and
( b ) the price at which he may acquire the shares by exercising
the right ;
is less than the market value at the time he obtains the right of
the same quantity of issued shares of the same class, he shall
be chargeable to tax under Schedule E for the year of assessment
in which he obtains the right on the amount of the difference;
and the amount so chargeable shall be treated as earned income,
whether or not it would otherwise fall to be so treated.
Finance Act 1972 617
c .41
( 3 ) Where a person who has obtained a right to acquire any PART IV
shares-
( a ) is chargeable to tax under this section on any amount;
and
( b) acquires the shares by exercising the right,
then, on the first disposal of the shares, whether by him or
another person, after his acquisition, paragraph 4(1)( a) of
Schedule 6 to the Finance Act 1965 (expenditure allowable in 1965 c. 25.
computation of chargeable gains ) shall apply as if a sum equal
to the amount chargeable had formed part of the consideration
given by the person making the disposal for his acquisition
ofthe shares.
( 4 ) Schedule 12 to this Act shall have effect for supplementing
this section.
79.-( 1 ) Where a person, on or after 6th April 1972, acquires Share incentive
shares or an interest in shares in a body corporate in pursuance schemes.
of a right conferred on him or opportunity offered to him as a
director or employee of that or any other body corporate, and
not in pursuance of an offer to the public, subsections ( 4) and (7)
of this section shall apply unless their application is excluded
by subsections ( 2) and (3) of this section respectively.
( 2 ) Subsection ( 4 ) below does not apply if-
( a ) the acquisition was made in pursuance of a scheme
approved (whether before or after the acquisition)
under Schedule 12 to this Act and the person making
the acquisition satisfies the conditions specified in Part
Vof that Schedule ; or
( b) the acquisition was made in pursuance of such arrange-
ments as are mentioned in subsection (8) below ; or
( c ) the acquisition was of shares which were not subject
to any restrictions other than restrictions attaching to
all shares of the same class, and the majority of shares
of that class were acquired otherwise than as mentioned
in subsection ( 1) above.
(3) Subsection ( 7 ) below does not apply if
(a ) the acquisition was made and the benefit mentioned in
that subsection was received in pursuance of a scheme
approved (whether before or after the acquisition or
receipt) under Schedule 12 to this Act ; or
( b) the acquisition was made under such arrangements as
are mentioned in subsection (8) of this section.
(4 ) Where this subsection applies and the market value of the
shares at the end of the period mentioned in subsection (6)
618 Finance Act 1972
c.41
PART IV below exceeds their market value at the time of the acquisition
the person making the acquisition shall be chargeable to tax
under Schedule E for the year of assessment in which that
period ends on an amount equal, except as provided by subsec-
tion (5 ) below, to the excess (or, if his interest is less than the
full beneficial ownership, such part of that amount as corre-
sponds to his interest ) ; and the amount so chargeable shall be
treated as earned income, whether or not it would otherwise
fall to be so treated.
( 5) The amount on which or on part of which the person
making the acquisition is chargeable to tax under subsection (4 )
above shall, in the following cases, be reduced as follows, that
is to say-
(a ) where, in accordance with the terms on which the
acquisition of the shares was made, the consideration
for the acquisition is subsequently increased, the said
amount shall be reduced by an amount equal to the
increase ; and
(b) where, in accordance with those terms, the shares are
subsequently disposed of for a consideration which is
less than their market value at the time of the disposal,
the said amount shall be reduced so as to be equal to
the excess of that consideration over the market value
of the shares at the time of the acquisition ;
and similarly where the interest acquired is less than the full
beneficial ownership ; and such assessments, alterations of assess-
ments or repayments of tax shall be made as may be necessary
to give effect to the reduction.
( 6) The period referred to in subsection ( 4) above is a period
ending at the earliest of the following times : -
( a ) the expiration of seven years from the acquisition of
the shares or interest in the shares;
( b) the time when that person ceases to have any beneficial
interest in the shares; and
( c ) in relation only to a person who acquires shares, the
time when the shares cease to be subject to any restric-
tions other than restrictions attaching to all shares of
the same class ;
and for the purposes of that subsection and of paragraph (b)
above a person whose beneficial interest in shares is reduced
shall be treated as ceasing to have an interest in such part of
the shares as is proportionate to the reduction.
( 7) Where this subsection applies and the person making the
acquisition receives, by virtue of his ownership of or interest in
c .41
Finance Act 1972 619
the shares, any benefit not received by the majority of persons PART IV
who-
( a ) hold shares forming part of the ordinary share capital
of the same body corporate; and
( b ) have acquired the shares otherwise than as mentioned in
subsection (1) above ;
and the benefit is not otherwise chargeable to income tax, he shall
be chargeable to tax under Schedule E for the year of assessment
in which he receives the benefit on an amount equal to the value
of the benefit; and the amount so chargeable shall be treated as
earned income, whether or not it would otherwise fall to be so
treated.
(8) The arrangements referred to in subsections (2) (b) and
( 3)(b) of this section are arrangements under which employees
of a body corporate receive as part of their emoluments shares
or interests in shares of that body or of a body controlling it to
an extent determined in advance by reference to the profits of
either body.
(9) Where an amount is chargeable to tax under this section
on a person acquiring any shares or interest in shares, then
on the first disposal of the shares (whether by him or another
person ) after his acquisition, paragraph 4(1)(a) of Schedule 6 to
the Finance Act 1965 (expenditure allowable in computation of 1965 c. 25.
chargeable gains ) shall apply as if a sum equal to the amount
chargeable had formed part of the consideration given by the
person making the disposal for his acquisition of the shares.
(10) For the purposes of this section, where a person acquires
any shares or an interest in shares in a body corporate in
pursuance of a right conferred on him or opportunity offered to
him as a person connected with a director or employee of that
or any other body corporate, the shares or interest shall be
deemed to be acquired by the director or employee, and sub-
section ( 9) above shall apply with the necessary modifications ;
and where that person receives a benefit as mentioned in sub-
section (7) above, the benefit shall be deemed to be received by
the director or employee.
(11) For the purposes of this section a person who disposes
of shares or an interest in shares otherwise than by a bargain at
arm's length with a person who is not connected with him shall
be deemed not to cease to have a beneficial interest in the
shares.
(12 ) Schedule 12 to this Act shall have effect for supplement-
ing this section.
620 Finance Act 1972
c. 41
PART IV
Land sold
and leased
back :
taxation of
consideration
received.
80.-(1) If, in any case where a person ( in this section
referred to as " the lessee " ) who is a lessee of land under a
lease having not more than 50 years to run ( in this section
referred to as " the original lease ") is entitled in respect of
the rent under the lease to a deduction by way of tax relief of
a kind to which section 491 of the Taxes Act applies ( land sold
and leased back: limitation on tax reliefs) , -
( a ) the lessee assigns the original lease to another person,
or surrenders it to his landlord, for a consideration
which apart from this section would not be taxable
otherwise than as capital in the hands of the lessee,
and
(b) there is granted or assigned to the lessee another
lease (in this section referred to as " the new lease ")
of or including the whole or any part of the land which
was the subject of the original lease for a term not
exceeding 15 years,
then , subject to the following provisions of this section , the
provisions of the Taxes Act providing for deductions or allow-
ances by way of tax relief in respect of payments of rent shall
apply in relation to the rent under the new lease, and for the
purposes of the Tax Acts a proportion of the consideration
received by the lessee shall be treated not as a capital receipt
but in accordance with subsection ( 3) below.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this section-
( a ) if the aggregate of the rent payable under the new
lease in respect of any rental period ending on a date
falling before the 15th anniversary of the date on
which the term of the new lease begins is greater than
the aggregate of the rent payable under the new lease
in respect of the period of equal duration beginning on
the day following that date, then, unless the term of
the new lease would be treated as ending on an earlier
date by virtue of paragraph ( b) below, that term shall
be treated as ending on that date ; and
( b ) if under the terms of the new lease either the lessor
or the lessee has power to determine the new lease
at a time before the expiry of the term for which it
was granted or the lessee has power to vary his obliga-
tions under the new lease so as to reduce the rent
which he would otherwise have to pay or in any other
manner beneficial to him, then , unless the term of the
new lease would be treated as ending on an earlier
date by virtue of paragraph ( a) above, that term shall
be treated as ending on the earliest date with effect
from which, in exercise of that power, the lessor or
Finance Act 1972 621
c.41
the lessee could determine the new lease or, as the
case may be, the lessee could so vary his obligations ;
and in any case where a rentcharge payable by the lessee is
secured on the whole or any part of the property which is the
subject of the new lease, the rent payable under the new lease
shall be treated for the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above
as equal to the aggregate of the rentcharge and the rent payable
under the terms of that lease.
( 3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the
proportion of the consideration received by the lessee as
mentioned in subsection (1) above, or of any instalment thereof ,
which for the purposes of the Tax Acts is to be treated not as
a capital receipt but in accordance with this subsection shall be
determined by the formula-
16- n
15
where " n" is the term of the new lease expressed in years or,
if that term is less than a year, where " n " is 1 ; and that
proportion shall be treated for the purposes of those Acts-
(a) as a receipt of a trade, profession or vocation, if the
rent payable by the lessee under the new lease is
allowable as a deduction in computing profits or gains
or losses of a trade, profession or vocation for the
purposes of tax and if the consideration is received by
the lessee in the course of that trade, profession or
vocation, and
(b ) in any other case, as a profit or gain chargeable under
Case VI of Schedule D.
( 4) In any case where the property which is the subject of
the new lease does not include the whole of the property which
was the subject of the original lease, the consideration received
by the lessee shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (3)
above as reduced to that portion thereof which is reasonably
attributable to such part of the property which was the subject
of the original lease as consists of, or is included in, the
propertywhich is the subject of the new lease.
( 5 ) Schedule 3 to the Taxes Act (relief for individuals in
respect of premiums taxable under Schedules D and A ) shall
have effect for the purpose of giving relief , on a claim being
made in that behalf, from any increase in an individual's liability
to income tax which is attributable to any amount being treated,
by virtue of subsection ( 3) above, as an income receipt for a
single year of assessment rather than as a series of such receipts
during the term of the new lease ; and in the application of that
Schedule by virtue of this subsection, for the definitions of
PART IV
с.41
622 Finance Act 1972
PART IV
Premiums for
and duration
ofleases.
" chargeable sum " and " relevant period " there shall be sub-
stituted the following definitions : -
66 chargeable sum means the amount in respect of which,
by virtue of subsection (3) above, the claimant is
chargeable for income tax for the year of assessment ;
" relevant period ", in relation to any chargeable sum, means
the term of the new lease.
( 6) Where, by agreement with his landlord, the lessee varies
the terms of the original lease in such a manner that, in return
for such a consideration as is specified in subsection ( 1) ( a)
above, the lessee undertakes to pay, during a period ending
not later than 15 years after the date on which the consideration,
or if the consideration is paid in instalments, the last instalment
thereof, is paid to the lessee, a rent greater than that payable
under the original lease, he shall be treated for the purposes of
this section as having surrendered the original lease for that
consideration and as having been granted a new lease for a
term not exceeding 15 years but otherwise on the terms of the
original lease as so varied.
( 7 ) References in this section to the lessee (other than in
subsection ( 1)( a) above) include references to a person who is
a partner or associate of the lessee or an associate of a partner
of the lessee ; and for the purposes of this section the expres-
sion " associate " shall be construed in accordance with section
494(10) of the Taxes Act.
( 8) Subject to subsection (7) above, expressions used in this
section have the meanings assigned to them by section 90 of the
Taxes Act (interpretation of Part III), and in subsection (2) (a)
above " rental period" means a period in respect of which a
payment of rent falls to be made, and for the purposes of that
subsection, in a case where the rental period is a quarter or a
month, each such period shall be treated as of equal duration.
(9) The preceding provisions of this section shall not apply
if the lessee had, before 22nd June 1971, a right enforceable at
law or in equity to the grant of the new lease, but in any
case where, apart from this subsection, those provisions would
apply, no part of the rent paid under the new lease shall be
treated as a payment of capital, and the provisions of the
Taxes Act providing for deductions or allowances by way of
tax relief in respect of payments of rent shall apply accordingly.
81.-(1) In subsection (6) of section 80 of the Taxes Act
( amount payable by instalments) for the words from " shall, if
he makes a claim " to the end there shall be substituted the
words " may, if he satisfies the Board that he would otherwise
suffer undue hardship, be paid at his option by such instalments
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 623
as the Board may allow over a period not exceeding eight years
and ending not later than the time at which the last of the
first - mentioned instalments is payable " .
( 2) Section 84 of the Taxes Act ( rules for ascertaining
duration of leases) shall be amended as follows-
( a ) in subsection (1 ), paragraph ( a) shall be omitted and
in paragraph ( b) after the words " a date falling before
the expiry of the term of the lease " there shall be
inserted the words " and the premium was not sub-
stantially greater than it would have been (on the
assumptions required by subsection ( 2) below) had the
term been one expiring on that date " ;
( b ) at the end of subsection ( 1) there shall be added:
"and
( d ) where the tenant, or a person connected with
him ( within the meaning of section 533 of this Act )
is or may become entitled to a further lease or the
grant of a further lease ( whenever commencing) of
the same premises or of premises including the whole
or part of the same premises, the term of the lease
may be treated as not expiring before the term of the
further lease. " ;
( c ) in subsection (2) for the words " subsection ( 1) (b) " (in
both places ) there shall be substituted the words " sub-
section (1) " and at the end of the subsection there
shall be added the words " and where, by the lease or
in connection with the granting of it , benefits were
conferred other than vacant possession and beneficial
occupation of the premises or the right to receive rent
at a reasonable commercial rate in respect of them, or
payments were made which would not be expected to
be made by parties so acting if no other benefits had
been so conferred, it shall be further assumed, unless
it is shown that the benefits were not conferred or the
payments made for the purpose of securing a tax advan-
tage in the application of this Part of this Act, that
the benefits would not have been conferred nor the
payments made had the lease been for a term ending
on the date mentioned in subsection (1) (b) above." ;
( d ) in subsection (3) for the words " subsection (1) " there
shall be substituted the words " subsections (1)
( 2 ) "
and ( 2) ".
( 3) In section 90(1) of the Taxes Act , in the definition of
" premium " after the words " superior landlord " there shall be
added the words " or to a person connected, within the meaning
PART IV
с.41
624 Finance Act 1972
PART IV
of section 533 of this Act, with the immediate or a superior
landlord".
1970 с. 9.
( 4 ) After section 90( 2 ) of the Taxes Act there shall be inserted
the following subsections-
66 ( 2A ) Where paragraph (d ) of section 84(1) above
applies, the premium, or an appropriate part of the premium,
payable for or in connection with either lease mentioned
in that paragraph may be treated as having been required
under the other.
( 2B) References in this section to a sum shall be con-
strued as including the value of any consideration, and
references to a sum paid or payable or to the payment
of a sum shall be construed accordingly."
( 5 ) After section 84(3) of the Taxes Act there shall be inserted
the following subsection--
66 (3A ) Where an inspector has reason to believe that a
person has information relevant to the ascertainment of the
duration of a lease in accordance with the preceding pro-
visions of this section, the inspector may by notice in writing
require him to give, within a time specified in the notice,
such information on the matters specified in the notice as
is in his possession ; but a solicitor shall not be so required
to do more, in relation to anything done by him on behalf
of a client, than state that he is or was acting on behalf
of a client and give the name and address of his client. " ;
and the subsection so inserted shall be added to the provisions
of the Taxes Act specified in the second column of the Table
set out in section 98 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 ( penalty
for failure to furnish information ) .
(6) Subject to the transitional provisions contained in Schedule
13 to this Act, subsection ( 1) of this section shall be deemed to
have come into force on 11th April 1972 and subsections (2)
to ( 4) on 25th August 1971 .
Appeals 82.-( 1 ) Where it appears to the inspector that the determina-
against tion of any amount on which a person may be chargeable to tax
determinations by virtue of section 80, 81 or 82 of the Taxes Act may affect
under sections the liability to tax of other persons he may give notice in writing
80 to 82 of
Taxes Act. to those persons as well as to the first -mentioned person of the
determination he proposes to make and of the rights conferred
on them by this section.
( 2 ) Any person to whom such a notice is given may, within
thirty days after the date on which it is given, object to the
proposed determination by notice in writing given to the
inspector.
Finance Act 1972 625
c. 41
( 3) Where notices have been given under subsection ( 1) above
1 PART IV
and no notice of objection is duly given under subsection (2)
above the inspector shall make the determination as proposed
inhis notices and the determination shall not be called in question
in any proceedings .
( 4 ) Where a notice of objection is duly given the amount
mentioned in subsection (1) above shall be determined in like
manner as an appeal and shall be so determined by the Special
Commissioners or such body of General Commissioners as may
be agreed on by the person to be charged and all persons who
have given notice of objection.
( 5 ) All persons to whom notices have been given under
subsection ( 1) above may take part in any proceedings under
subsection ( 4) above and in any appeal arising out of those
proceedings and shall be bound by the determination made in
the proceedings or on appeal, whether or not they have taken
part in the proceedings ; and their successors in title shall also
be so bound.
( 6) A notice under subsection ( 1) above may, notwithstanding
any obligation as to secrecy or other restriction on the disclosure
of information, include a statement of the grounds on which
the inspector proposes to make the determination.
( 7 ) An inspector may by notice in writing require any person
to give, within the time specified in the notice, such information
as appears to the inspector required for deciding whether to give
a notice under subsection (1) above to any person.
( 8) In section 98 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 (penalty 1970 c. 9.
for failure to furnish information etc.) the following shall be
added in the second column of the Table: " Section 82 of the
Finance Act 1972 " .
( 9 ) In this section " tax "
means income tax, corporation tax
or capital gains tax.
83.- (1) Subsection ( 4) of section 498 of the Taxes Act ( relief Double
for underlying tax where dividend is paid by overseas company taxation
relief for
to company resident in the United Kingdom if not less than underlying
10 per cent. of voting power in the company paying the dividend tax .
is directly or indirectly controlled by the company receiving it
or by that company's parent ) shall apply also where the voting
power controlled as mentioned in that subsection is less than
10 per cent. if-
( a ) it has been reduced below that percentage on or after
1st April 1972 ; or
( b) it has been acquired on or after that date in exchange
for voting power in another company in respect of
c .41
626 Finance Act 1972
PART IV which relief under the said subsection ( 4) was due prior
to the exchange,
and the company receiving the dividend shows that the condi-
tions specified in subsection (2) below are satisfied.
( 2 ) The said conditions are-
( a ) that the reduction below the said percentage ( and any
further reduction) or, as the case may be, the exchange
( and any reduction thereafter ) could not have been
prevented by any reasonable endeavours on the part of
the company receiving the dividend and was due to
a cause or causes not reasonably foreseeable by it
when control of the relevant voting power was
acquired ; and
( b) no reasonable endeavours on the part of that company
could have restored or, as the case may be, increased
the voting power to not less than 10 per cent.
( 3) In subsection ( 2) above references to the company receiving
the dividend include references-
( a) to any company of which it is a subsidiary within the
meaning of section 500( 2) of the Taxes Act ; and
( b) where prior to the reduction or exchange the voting
power in question was controlled otherwise than
directly by the company receiving the dividend, to each
other company relevant for determining whether that
voting power was controlled as required by the said
subsection ( 4) .
( 4 ) In subsection ( 2) ( a) above " the relevant voting power
"
means the voting power by virtue of which relief was due under
the said subsection ( 4 ) prior to the reduction or exchange or,
where control of the whole of that voting power was not acquired
at the same time , that part thereof of which control was last
acquired .
(5 ) In any case in which relief in respect of a dividend is due
by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section there shall
be taken into account, as if it were tax payable under the law of
the territory in which the company paying the dividend is
resident, any tax that would be so taken into account under
section 508 of the Taxes Act (extension of relief to U.K. and
third country taxes) if the company paying the dividend and the
company receiving it were related to each other within the
meaning of subsection (5 ) of that section.
( 6 ) This section has effect with respect to dividends paid ( within
the meaning of section 527( 3) of the Taxes Act) on or after
1st April 1972 .
Finance Act 1972 627
c .41
PART V
TAXATION OF COMPANIES AND COMPANY DISTRIBUTIONS
Advance corporation tax and tax credit
84.-(1) Where a company resident in the United Kingdom Liability for
makes a qualifying distribution after 5th April 1973 it shall advance
be liable to pay an amount of corporation tax ( to be known corporation
as " advance corporation tax ") in accordance with this section. company taxwhere
makes
( 2 ) Subject to section 89 below, advance corporation tax qualifying
shall be payable on an amount equal to the amount or value distribution .
of the distribution, and shall be so payable at a rate ( to be
known as " the rate of advance corporation tax " ) which for the
periodbeginning with 6th April 1973 and ending with 31st March
1974 shall be three -sevenths and thereafter such fraction as
Parliament may from time to time determine.
( 3) The sum of the amount or value of a qualifying distribu-
tion and such proportion thereof as corresponds to the rate of
advance corporation tax in force for the financial year in which
the distribution is made is in this Part of this Act referred to as
a franked payment ", and references to any accounting or other
period in which a franked payment is made are references to the
period inwhich the distribution in question is made.
( 4 ) In this Part of this Act " qualifying distribution " means
any distribution other than-
( a ) adistribution which, in relation to the company making
it , is a distribution by virtue only of paragraph (c) of
section 233 ( 2) of the Taxes Act ( bonus redeemable
share capital and bonus securities) ; or
( b ) adistribution consisting of any share capital or security
which the company making the distribution has directly
or indirectly received from the company by which the
share capital or security was issued and which, in re-
lation to the latter company, is a distribution by virtue
only of that paragraph.
(5) Schedule 14 to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of
regulating the time and manner in which advance corporation tax
is to be accounted for and paid.
85.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, advance corporation Payments of
tax paid by a company (and not repaid ) in respect of any advance
distribution made by it in an accounting period shall be set corporation tax
to be set against
against its liability to corporation tax on any income charged company's
to corporation tax for that accounting period and shall accord- liability to
ingly discharge a corresponding amount of that liability.
corporation tax
on its income.
628 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
PARTV ( 2 ) The amount of advance corporation tax to be set against
a company's liability for any accounting period under sub-
section ( 1 ) above shall not exceed the amount of advance
corporation tax that would have been payable (apart from
section 89 below) in respect of a distribution made at the end of
that period of an amount which, together with the advance
corporation tax so payable in respect of it , is equal to the
company's income charged to corporation tax for that period.
( 3) Where in the case of any accounting period of acompany
there is an amount of surplus advance corporation tax ( that is to
say, advance corporation tax which cannot be set against the com-
pany's liability to corporation tax for that period because the
company has no income charged to corporation tax for that
period or because of subsection (2) above) the company may,
within two years after the end of that period, claim to have
the whole or any part of that amount treated for the purposes of
this section ( but not of any further application of this subsection )
as if it were advance corporation tax paid in respect of distribu-
tions made by the company in any of its accounting periods
beginning in the two years preceding that period ( but so that
the amount which is the subject of the claim is set , so far as
possible, against the company's liability for a more recent
accounting period before a more remote one) and corporation tax
shall, so far as may be required, be repaid accordingly.
( 4 ) Where in the case of any accounting period of a company
there is an amount of surplus advance corporation tax which has
not been dealt with under subsection (3) above, that amount
shall be treated for the purposes of this section (including
any further application of this subsection ) as if it were advance
corporation tax paid in respect of distributions made by the
company in the next accounting period.
(5) Effect shall be given to subsections (1) and ( 4) above as if
on a claim in that behalf by the company and , for that purpose,
a return made by the company under section 11 of the Manage-
ment Act containing particulars of advance corporation tax or
surplus advance corporation tax which falls to be dealt with
under those subsections shall be treated as a claim.
( 6 ) For the purposes of this section the income of a company
charged to corporation tax for any period shall be taken to
be the amount ofits profits for that period on which corporation
tax falls finally to be borne exclusive of the part of the profits
attributable to chargeable gains; and that part shall be taken
to be the amount brought into the company's profits for that
period for the purposes of corporation tax in respect of
chargeable gains before any deduction for charges on income,
expenses of management or other amounts which can be
deducted from or set against or treated as reducing profits of
more than one description.
Finance Act 1972 629
c .41
( 7) No advance corporation tax shall by virtue of this section
PARTV
be set against a company's liability to corporation tax charged
for any time before 1st April 1973, and this section has effect
subject to the subsequent provisions of this Act.
86.-( 1) Where a company resident in the United Kingdom Tax credit for
makes a qualifying distribution after 5th April 1973 and the per- certain
son receiving the distribution is another such company or a person recipients of
qualifying
resident in the United Kingdom, not being a company , the re distributions.
cipient of the distribution shall be entitled to a tax credit under
this section ( inthis Part of this Act referred to as a" tax credit ") .
( 2 ) The tax credit in respect of a distribution shall be available
for the purposes specified in this section and the subsequent pro-
visions of this Act , and shall be equal to such proportion of the
amount or value of the distribution as corresponds to the rate of
advance corporation tax in force for the financial year in which
the distribution is made.
( 3) Subject to section 89(5) below, a company resident in
the United Kingdom which is entitled to a tax credit in respect of
adistribution may claim to have the amount of the credit paid to
it if-
( a ) the company is wholly exempt from corporation tax or
is only not exempt in respect of trading income; or
( b) the distribution is one in relation to which express ex-
emption (otherwise than by section 239 of the Taxes
Act ) is given, whether specifically or by virtue of a
more general exemption from tax, under any provision
of the Tax Acts.
( 4 ) Aperson, notbeing acompany resident in the UnitedKing-
dom, who is entitled to a tax credit in respect of a distribution
mayclaim to have the credit set against the income tax chargeable
on his income under section 3 of the Taxes Act or on his total
income for the year of assessment in which the distribution is
made and, where the credit exceeds that income tax, to have the
excess paid to him.
( 5 ) Where a distribution mentioned in subsection (1) above
is, or falls to be treated as, or under any provision of the Tax .
Acts is deemed to be, income of a person other than the
recipient, that person shall be treated for the purposes of this
section as receiving the distribution ( and accordingly the ques-
tion whether he is entitled to a tax credit in respect of it shall
be determined by reference to where he, and not the actual
recipient, is resident ) ; and where any such distribution is income
of a United Kingdom trust the trustees shall be entitled to a tax
credit in respect of it if no other person falls to be treated
for the purposes of this section as receiving the distribution.
630 Finance Act 1972
c. 41
PARTV 87.-(1) This section shall have effect for the year 1973-74
Income tax on and subsequent years of assessment.
distributions .
( 2 ) For the Schedule F set out in subsection (1 ) of section 232
of the Taxes Act there shall be substituted
1971 с. 68.
" SCHEDULE F
1. Income tax under this Schedule shall be chargeable for
any year of assessment in respect of all dividends and other
distributions in that year of a company resident in the United
Kingdom which are not specially excluded from income tax,
and for the purposes of income tax all such distributions
shall be regarded as income however they fall to be dealt
with in the hands of the recipient.
2. For the purposes of this Schedule and all other
purposes of the Tax Acts any such distribution as aforesaid
in respect of which a person is entitled to a tax credit shall
be treated as representing income equal to the aggregate of
the amount or value of that distribution and the amount of
that credit, and income tax under this Schedule shall
accordingly be charged on that aggregate."
( 3) No distribution which is chargeable under the said
Schedule F shall be chargeable under any other provision of
the Income Tax Acts.
( 4 ) Subsections ( 2) and ( 3) of the said section 232 ( which
require a company resident in the United Kingdom to deduct
and account for income tax in respect of distributions made
by it) shall cease to have effect.
( 5 ) Where in any year of assessment the income of a person,
not being a company resident in the United Kingdom, includes a
distribution in respect of which that person is not entitled to a
tax credit-
( a) no assessment shall be made on that person in respect
of income tax at the basic rate on the amount or value
of the distribution ;
( b ) that person's liability under any assessment made in re
spect of income tax at any such higher rate as is
mentioned in section 32( 1 ) (b) of the Finance Act 1971
on the amount or value of the distribution or on any
part thereof shall be reduced by a sum equal to income
tax at the basic rate on so much thereof as is assessed
at any such higher rate ; and
( c ) the amount or value of the distribution shall be treated
for the purposes of sections 52 and 53 of the Taxes
Act as not brought into charge to income tax.
(6) Where a person has paid tax in respect of excess liability
on, or on any part of, a distribution which is not a qualifying
Finance Act 1972 631
с.41
distribution ( " the non- qualifying distribution "), then, if, apart
PARTV
from this subsection, he would be liable to pay an amount of
tax in respect of excess liability on, or on any part of, a
repayment of the share capital or of the principal of the security
which constituted the non- qualifying distribution , he shall be
so liable only to the extent (if any) to which that amount
exceeds the tax which he has already paid as aforesaid.
66
In this subsection excess liability " means the excess of
liability to income tax over what it would be if all income tax
were charged at the basic rate to the exclusion of any other rate.
Franked investment income
88.-(1) Income of a company resident in the United " Franked
Kingdom which consists of a distribution in respect of which investment
the company is entitled to a tax credit ( and which accordingly income ".
represents income equal to the aggregate of the amount or value
of the distribution and the amount of that credit ) is in this Part
of this Act referred to as " franked investment income " of the
company.
( 2 ) Subject to the transitional provisions hereinafter con-
tained, the foregoing subsection shall apply also for the
construction of references to franked investment income in other
provisions of the Tax Acts in their application to any time after
5thApril 1973 and shall so apply to the exclusion of the definition
in section 240 of the Taxes Act.
89.-( 1 ) Where in any accounting period a company receives Calculation
franked investment income the company shall not be liable to of advance
pay advance corporation tax in respect of qualifying distribu- corporation
tions made by it in that period unless the amount of the franked tax where
company
payments made by it in that period exceeds the amount of receives
that income.
franked
( 2) If in an accounting period there is such an excess, investment
income.advance corporation tax shall be payable on an amount which,
when the advance corporation tax payable thereon is added to
it , is equal to the excess.
( 3 ) If the amount of franked investment income received
by a company in an accounting period exceeds the amount of
the franked payments made by it in that period the excess
shall be carried forward to the next accounting period and
treated for the purposes of this section ( including any further
application of this subsection ) as franked investment income
received by the company in that period.
( 4 ) Schedule 14 to this Act shall apply for the purpose of
regulating the manner in which effect is to be given to the fore-
going provisions of this section.
(5 ) No franked investment income shall be used to frank
distributions of a company (that is to say, used in accordance
c.41
632 Finance Act 1972
PARTV Set -offof
losses etc.
against surplus of
franked
investment
income.
with this section and the said Schedule so as to relieve the
company from, or obtain repayment of, advance corporation
tax for which the company would otherwise be liable ) if the
amount of the tax credit comprised in it has been paid under sub-
section (3) of section 86 above ; and no payment shall be made
under that subsection in respect of the tax credit comprised in
franked investment income which has been used as aforesaid.
(6 ) In this Part of this Act any such excess as is mentioned
in subsection ( 3) above (calculated without regard to franked
investment income which by virtue of subsection (5) above can-
not be used to frank distributions) is referred to as a " surplus
of franked investment income " ; and, subject to the transitional
provisions hereinafter contained, references to a surplus of
franked investment income in other provisions of the Tax Acts
in their application to any time after 5th April 1973 shall be
construed as references to any such excess instead of as references
to any such surplus as is mentioned in section 240( 1 ) of the
Taxes Act.
90.- ( 1 ) For sections 254 and 255 of the Taxes Act (under
which a company may recover income tax on any such surplus
of franked investment income as is mentioned in section 240( 1)
of that Act by claiming a set - off for trading losses and certain
other matters) there shall, as respects any time after 5th April
1973, be substituted the sections set out in Part I of Schedule
15 to this Act (under which a company may in corresponding
circumstances receive payment of the amount of the tax credit
comprised in a surplus of franked investment income as defined
in section 89 (6) above) .
( 2) Without prejudice to subsection (8) of the said section 254
or subsection ( 7) of the said section 255 as set out in the said
Schedule, the surplus of franked investment income for an
accounting period for which a claim is made under either
of those sections shall be calculated without regard to any
part of that surplus which, when the claim is made, has been
used to frank distributions made by the company in a later
accounting period.
(3) Where in consequence of a claim under either of the
said sections 254 and 255 for any accounting period acompany
is entitled to payment of a sum in respect of tax credit, an
amount equal to that sum shall be deducted from any advance
corporation tax which apart from this subsection would fall,
under section 85 above, to be set against the company's liability
to corporation tax for the next accounting period and, if that
amount exceeds that advance corporation tax or there is no such
advance corporation tax, that excess or that amount (as the case
may be) shall be carried forward and similarly deducted in
relation to the following accounting period and so on.
Finance Act 1972 633
c.41
Groups of companies PARTV
91.-( 1) For subsection ( 1) of section 256 of the Taxes Act Group income.
( under which two related companies may elect to pay dividends
to each other without deducting and accounting for income tax)
there shall, as respects any time after 5th April 1973, be sub-
stituted the subsection (1) set out in Part II of Schedule 15 to
this Act (under which companies may in corresponding circum-
stances elect to pay dividends to each other without incurring a
liability to advance corporation tax and without the recipient
being entitled to a tax credit) .
( 2) For subsection ( 4) of the said section 256 ( recovery of tax
where companies wrongly omit to pay it ) there shall, as respects
any time after 5th April 1973, be substituted the subsections ( 4)
and ( 4A ) set out in Part II of the said Schedule.
( 3) The Board may make regulations with respect to the pro-
cedure to be adopted for giving effect to the said section 256
and as to the information and evidence to be furnished by a
company in connection with that section.
Regulations under this subsection shall be made by statutory
instrument, and the Board shall not make any such regulations
unless a draft of them has been laid before, and approved by a
resolution of , the Commons House of Parliament.
( 4 ) Any election which has been made for the purpose of
subsection ( 1) of the said section 256 as originally enacted
and has not ceased to have effect by virtue of section 257( 3)
or ( 4) of the Taxes Act before 6th April 1973 shall be treated
as having been made also for the purposes of subsection ( 1) of
the said section 256 as substituted by this section.
92.-( 1 ) Where in the case of any accounting period of a Setting of
company- company's
surplus
( a) there is an amount of surplus advance corporation tax advance
( calculated without regard to any surplus carried back corporation
tax against
or forward to that period under section 85( 3) or ( 4) subsidiary's
above ) ; and
liability.( b) advance corporation tax has been paid in respect of a
dividend or dividends paid by the company in that
period ,
the company ( in this section referred to as " the surrendering
company ") may, on making a claim, surrender the benefit of
the whole or any part of the amount mentioned in paragraph (a)
above, up to a sum not exceeding the advance corporation tax
mentioned in paragraph (b) above, to any company which was a
c.41
634 Finance Act 1972
PARTV subsidiary of the surrendering company throughout that ac
counting period, or ( in such proportions as the surrendering
company may determine) to any two or more companies which
were subsidiaries of the surrendering company throughout that
period .
( 2) Subject to subsection ( 4) below, where the benefit of
any amount of surplus advance corporation tax ( " the sur-
rendered amount ") is surrendered under this section to a subsi-
diary, then-
( a) if the advance corporation tax mentioned in subsection
( 1 ) (b) above was paid in respect of one dividend only
or of dividends all of which were paid on the same
date, the subsidiary shall be treated for the purposes
of section 85 above as having paid an amount of
advance corporation tax equal to the surrendered
amount in respect of a distribution made by it on
the date on which the dividend or dividends were
paid;
( b) if the advance corporation tax mentioned in subsection
(1) (b) above was paid in respect of dividends paid
on different dates, the subsidiary shall be treated for
the purposes of that section as having paid an amount
of advance corporation tax equal to the appropriate
part of the surrendered amount in respect of a distri-
bution made by it on each of those dates.
( 3) For the purposes of paragraph ( b) of subsection ( 2)
above " the appropriate part of the surrendered amount ", in
relation to any distribution treated as made on the same date as
that on which a dividend was paid, means such part of that
amount as bears to the whole of it the same proportion as the
amount of that dividend bears to the total amount of the divi-
dends mentioned in that paragraph.
( 4 ) No advance corporation tax which a subsidiary is treated
as having paid by virtue of subsection ( 2) above shall be set
against the subsidiary's liability to corporation tax for any ac-
counting period in which, or in any part of which, it was not a
subsidiary of the surrendering company.
( 5 ) Any claim under this section shall be made within two
years after the end of the accounting period to which it relates
and shall require the consent, notified to the inspector in such
form as the Board may require, of the subsidiary or subsidiaries
concerned.
(6 ) No amount of surplus advance corporation tax which has
been dealt with under subsection (3) of section 85 above shall
be available for the purposes of a claim under this section ; and
no amount of surplus advance corporation tax the benefit of
Finance Act 1972 c. 41 635
which has been surrendered under this section shall be treated
for the purposes of that section as advance corporation tax
paid by the surrendering company.
( 7 ) Apayment made by a subsidiary to a surrendering com-
pany in pursuance of an agreement between them as respects
the surrender of the benefit of an amount of surplus advance cor-
poration tax, being a payment not exceeding that amount, -
( a ) shall not be taken into account in computing profits or
losses of either company for corporation tax purposes ;
and
(b) shall not for any of the purposes of the Corporation Tax
Acts be regarded as a distribution or a charge on in-
come.
(8) References in this section to a company apply only to
bodies corporate resident in the United Kingdom ; and for the
purposes of this section the question whether one body corporate
is the subsidiary of another shall be determined as a question
whether it is a 51 per cent . subsidiary of that other, except that
that other shall be treated as not being the owner-
( a ) of any share capital which it owns directly in a body
corporate if a profit on the sale of the shares would
be treated as a trading receipt of its trade ; or
( b) of any share capital which it owns indirectly, and
which is owned directly by a body corporate for
which a profit on the sale of the shares would be
atrading receipt ; or
( c ) of any share capital which it owns directly or indirectly
in a body corporate not resident in the United
Kingdom.
PART V
Companies ' capital gains
93.-(1) This section shall have effect-
Reduction of
( a ) in relation to companies other than authorised unit trusts corporation
tax liability in
or investment trusts, from 1st April 1973 ;
respect of
( b ) in relation to authorised unit trusts and investment chargeable
trusts from 1st April 1972 .
gains.( 2 ) The amount which in accordance with section 265 of the
Taxes Act is to be included in respect of chargeable gains in a
company's total profits for any accounting period shall, subject
to subsections (3) and ( 4) below, be reduced-
( a ) in the case of a company other than an authorised unit
trust or investment trust, by such fraction as Parlia-
mentmay from time to time determine for the purposes
of this paragraph ;
636 Finance Act 1972
с .41
PARTV ( b ) in the case of an authorised unit trust or investment
trust, by five - eighths or such other fraction as Parlia-
ment may from time to time determine for the purposes
of this paragraph.
( 3) Where under either paragraph of subsection ( 2) above
different fractions are in force in different parts of an accounting
period-
( a ) the amount mentioned in that subsection shall be
apportioned between those parts ; and
( b) the portion for each part shall be reduced under that
subsection by the fraction in force in that part.
( 4 ) If in an accounting period of a company there is a part
falling before and a part falling after the time when this section
comes into force in relation to the company, the amount
mentioned in subsection (2) above shall be apportioned between
those parts and no reduction shall be made under that subsection
in respect of the portion for the part falling before that time.
( 5) In this section " authorised unit trust " has the meaning
given in section 358 of the Taxes Act and, subject to subsection
(6) below, " investment trust " has the meaning given in section
359 of that Act.
( 6 ) The said section 359 shall be amended as follows-
( a) before paragraph (a) of subsection (1) there shall be
inserted " (aa) that the company is resident in the
United Kingdom, and " ;
( b) for the purposes of paragraph (b) of that subsection and
the other provisions having effect in relation thereto-
(i ) holdings in companies which are members of a
group ( whether or not including the investing com-
pany) and are not excluded from that paragraph shall
be treated as holdings in a single company ;
( ii) where the investing company is a member of
a group, money owed to it by another member of
the group shall be treated as a security of the latter
held by the investing company and accordingly as,
or as part of, the holding of the investing company
in the company owing the money,
and for the purposes of this paragraph " group "
means
acompany and all companies which are its 51 per cent.
subsidiaries ;
( c ) for paragraph (c ) of that subsection there shall be
substituted " (c ) that the shares making up the com-
pany's ordinary share capital (or, if there are such
shares of more than one class, those of each class)
are quoted on a recognised stock exchange in the
United Kingdom, and ",
с .41
Finance Act 1972 637
but the amendments in paragraphs ( b) and (c ) above shall not
affect the meaning of " investment trust " for any time before
11th April 1972 and, in relation to a company which immedi-
ately before that date was an investment trust within the meaning
of the said section 359 without those amendments, that section
shall continue to have effect without those amendments until
the end of the company's accounting period containing or ending
with 11th April 1975.
( 7 ) The following provisions, that is to say-
( a ) section 311 of the Taxes Act (under which the effective
rate of corporation tax is reduced for insurance com-
panies in respect of chargeable gains reserved for
holders of life assurance policies) ;
( b) section 356 of that Act ( which limits the rate of
corporation tax payable on chargeable gains by
authorised unit trusts and investment trusts to the rate
payable by an individual),
shall cease to have effect , but this subsection shall not affect
the operation of those provisions in relation to any accounting
period ending before the time when this section comes into
force in relation to the company concerned or, in the case of
any such accounting period as is mentioned in subsection ( 4)
above, as respects any portion of gains which, in accordance
with that subsection, is not reduced under this section.
(8) The proviso to subsection (3) of section 322 of the Taxes
Act (rate of corporation tax relevant for determining the amounts
that may be retained under subsection (2) of that section by an
insurance company when paying benefit in certain circumstances)
shall not apply where the disposal mentioned in subsection (2) (b)
of that section is on or after 1st April 1974; and where the
disposal is on or after that date the rate of corporation tax
mentioned in the said subsection (3 ) shall be reduced by the
fraction for the time being fixed for the purposes of subsection
( 2)(a ) of this section.
PARTV
Close companies
94.- (1 ) Schedule 16 to this Act shall have effect instead ofClose
sections 289 to 301 of the Taxes Act ( charge to income tax in companies.
respect of shortfall in distributions of close companies and
apportionment of income of close companies among
participators ).
( 2) The remaining provisions of Chapter III of Part XI of
the Taxes Act shall be amended in accordance with Schedule 17
to this Act.
c.41
638 Finance Act 1972
PARTV
( 3) The said Schedule 16 shall be construed as if it were
included in the said Chapter III .
( 4) Subsection (1) above shall have effect in relation to account-
ing periods ending after 5th April 1973.
Special classes of companies
Mitigation of
95.-( 1 ) Where in any accounting period the profits of a
corporation tax liability
company resident in the United Kingdom do not exceed the
of small
lower relevant maximum amount, the corporation tax charged
companies.
on its income for that period shall be calculated as if the rate
of corporation tax ( instead of being the rate fixed for companies
generally ) were such lower rate ( to be known as the " small
companies rate ") as Parliament may from time to time determine.
( 2) Where in any accounting period the profits of any such
company exceed the lower relevant maximum amount but do not
exceed the upper relevant maximum amount, the corporation tax
charged on its income for that period shall be reduced by a sum
equal to such fraction as Parliament may from time to time
determine of the following amount-
I
( M - P ) Xp
where M is the upper relevant maximum amount , P is the
amount of the profits and I is the amount of the income.
(3) The lower and upper relevant maximum amounts men-
tioned above shall be determined as follows-
( a ) where the company has no associated company in the
accounting period, those amounts are £15,000 and
£25,000 respectively ;
( b) where the company has one or more associated com-
panies in the accounting period, the lower relevant
maximum amount is £15,000 divided by one plus the
number of those associated companies and the upper
relevant maximum amount is £25,000 divided by one
plus the number of those associated companies .
( 4) In applying subsection (3) above to any accounting period
of a company, an associated company which has not carried on
any trade or business at any time in that accounting period ( or,
if an associated company during part only of that accounting
period, at any time in that part of that accounting period ) shall
be disregarded and for the purposes of this section a company
is to be treated as an " associated company " of another at a
given time if at that time one of the two has control of the other
or both are under the control of the same person or persons.
In this subsection " control " shall be construed in accordance
with section 302 of the Taxes Act.
c. 41
Finance Act 1972 639
(5 ) In determining how many associated companies a com-
PARTV
pany has got in an accounting period or whether a company has
an associated company in an accounting period, an associated
company shall be counted even if it was an associated company
for part only of the accounting period, and two or more asso-
ciated companies shall be counted even if they were associated
companies for different parts of the accounting period.
( 6 ) For an accounting period of less than twelve months the
relevant maximum amounts determined in accordance with sub-
section (3 ) above shall be proportionately reduced.
( 7 ) For the purposes of this section the profits of a company
for an accounting period shall be taken to be the amount of its
profits for that period on which corporation tax falls finally to
be borne, with the addition of franked investment income other
than franked investment income which the company (if a
member of a group) receives from companies within the group ;
and for this purpose distributions received by the company from
another are to be treated as coming from within the company's
group if , but only if , dividends so received are group income or
would be group income if the companies so elected.
( 8) For the purposes of this section the income of a company
for an accounting period is its income charged to corporation tax
for that period as defined in section 85(6) above.
96.-( 1 ) Where in any accounting period of a body to which Mitigation of
this section applies the rate of corporation tax exceeds such corporation
special rate as Parliament may fix for the purposes of this tax liability of
industrial and
section, the corporation tax charged on the income of that body provident
for that period shall be calculated as if the rate of corporation societies ,
tax were equal to that special rate.
housing associations
( 2 ) The bodies to which this section applies are-
andbuilding
societies.( a) any registered industrial and provident society as defined
in section 340 of the Taxes Act and any such co
operative association as is mentioned in subsection (8)
of that section ;
( b) any housing association for the time being approved
for the purposes of section 341 of that Act ;
( c ) any building society as defined in section 343 of that
Act and any company to which that section applies by
virtue of subsection (9) of that section,
not being a society, association or company under the control
( within the meaning of section 302 of that Act ) of one or more
companies which are not themselves bodies to which this section
applies.
c.41
640 Finance Act 1972
PART V
Insurance
companies .
( 3) For the purposes of this section the income of a company
for an accounting period is its income charged to corporation
tax for that period as defined in section 85(6) above.
97. The enactments relating to the taxation of insurance com-
panies shall, as from 6th April 1973, have effect subject to the
provisions of Schedule 18 to this Act, being provisions for
adapting and supplementing those enactments in consequence
of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act.
Persons
resident
abroad: tax
credit .
Overseas residents and income
98. (1) An individual who, having made a claim in that
behalf, is entitled to relief under Chapter II of Part I of the
Taxes Act by virtue of section 27(2) of that Act ( personal reliefs
for certain non-residents) in respect of any year of assessment
shall be entitled to a tax credit in respect of any qualifying
distribution received by him in that year to the same extent as
if he were resident in the United Kingdom.
( 2 ) In subsection ( 1) of section 497 of the Taxes Act (which
gives effect to double taxation agreements so far as they provide
for the matters specified in paragraphs ( a ) to (c ) of that subsec-
tion ) after paragraph ( c ) there shall be inserted " or
( d ) for conferring on persons not resident in the United King-
dom the right to a tax credit under section 86 of the
Finance Act 1972 in respect of qualifying distributions
made to them by companies which are so resident . "
( 3) Where a qualifying distribution is income of a fund to
which section 214( 1) (b) or (c) of the Taxes Act applies ( colonial
pension funds) the persons entitled to receive the income shall
be entitled to a tax credit in respect of the distribution to the
same extent as a recipient mentioned in section 86( 1) above.
( 4) Where a qualifying distribution is income of , or of the
government of, any sovereign power or of any international
organisation, that power, government or organisation shall be
entitled to a tax credit in respect of the distribution to the same
extent as a recipient mentioned in section 86( 1) above.
In this subsection " international organisation " means an
organisation of which two or more sovereign powers, or the
governments of two or more such powers, are members ; and
if in any proceedings a question arises whether a person is
within this subsection a certificate issued by or under the
authority of the Secretary of State stating any fact relevant to
that question shall be conclusive evidence of that fact.
c.41
Finance Act 1972 641
99.-( 1 ) The relief afforded by section 84 of the Finance
PARTV
Act 1965 (transitional relief for companies with overseas trading Companies
income ) shall be available for an additional four years and with overseas
accordingly in subsection ( 1) of that section for the words " the trading
seven years of assessment " and " those seven years " there shall income:
extension and
be substituted respectively the words " the eleven years of modification of
assessment " and " those eleven years " .
transitional
relief .
( 2) The proportion by which relief under that section is to 1965 c. 25.
be reduced in accordance with the proviso to the said subsection
(1) shall be three -fifths in the five years following the year
1971-72, and accordingly in that proviso for the words " by
three -fifths in the year 1971-72 " to the end there shall be sub-
stituted the words " and by three-fifths in the year 1971-72 and
each of the five following years of assessment ".
(3) Subsection ( 4 ) of the said section 84 (restriction of relief
where a company increases its net dividends ) shall not apply to
any year of assessment after the year 1971-72 .
( 4 ) In relation to any year of assessment beginning with the
year 1973-74 the said section 84 and Schedule 20 to the said Act
of 1965 shall have effect subject to Schedule 19 to this Act.
100.- (1) The provisions of Chapters I and II of Part XVIII Double
of the Taxes Act ( double taxation relief ) applicable to corpora-
taxation relief .
tion tax in respect of income shall apply also to corporation
tax in respect of chargeable gains, and for that purpose-
(a) references in those Chapters to income shall be con-
strued as references to chargeable gains ; and
( b ) in sections 497(1) and 498( 6 ) references to taxes of a
similar character, or corresponding, to corporation tax
shall be construed as references to taxes on chargeable
gains ;
and sections 517 and 518 of that Act ( regulations and informa-
tion ) shall have effect accordingly.
(2) Section 499 of the Taxes Act (which has the effect that
the provisions of those Chapters applicable to income tax apply
to corporation tax in respect of chargeable gains) shall cease
to have effect.
( 3) For the purposes of section 505 of the Taxes Act ( which
limits the credit for foreign tax allowable against corporation
tax in respect of any income to the corporation tax attributable
to that income and, by virtue of subsection ( 1) above, applies
similarly in relation to chargeable gains) the corporation tax
attributable to any income or gain ( " the relevant income or
gain ") shall be determined in accordance with subsections (4)
to (6) below.
X
642 Finance Act 1972
с.41
PART V
1966 с. 18.
( 4 ) Subject to subsections (5) and (6) below, the amount of
corporation tax attributable to the relevant income or gain shall
be treated as equal to such proportion of the amount of that
income or gain as corresponds to the rate of corporation tax
payable by the company (before any credit under the said Part
XVIII) on its income or chargeable gains for the accounting
period in which the income arises or the gain accrues ( " the
relevant accounting period ") .
(5) Where in the relevant accounting period there is any
deduction to be made for charges on income, expenses of
management or other amounts which can be deducted from
or set against or treated as reducing profits of more than one
description-
( a) the company may for the purposes of this section allocate
the deduction in such amounts and to such of its
profits for that period as it thinks fit ; and
(b) the amount of the relevant income or gain shall be
treated for the purposes of subsection ( 4 ) above as
reduced or, as the case may be, extinguished by so
much (if any) of the deduction as is allocated to it.
(6) Where in accordance with section 85 above any advance
corporation tax falls to be set against the company's liability
to corporation tax on its income for the relevant accounting
period-
( a) the company may for the purposes of this section allocate
that advance corporation tax in such amounts and to
the corporation tax attributable to such of its income
for that period as it thinks fit ; and
( b) the amount of corporation tax attributable to the relevant
income as determined in accordance with subsections
( 4) and (5) above shall be reduced by so much (if any)
of that advance corporation tax as is allocated to the
corporation tax attributable to that income ;
but the amount of advance corporation tax allocated under this
subsection to the corporation tax attributable to any income shall
not exceed the advance corporation tax that would have been
payable (apart from section 89 above) in respect of a distribution
made at the end of the relevant accounting period of an amount
which, together with the advance corporation tax so payable in
respect of it, is equal to that income.
( 7) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect
from 1st April 1973 .
(8) No order shall be made under section 31 or 32 of the
Finance Act 1966 (transitory provisions for dividends, interest
and royalties paid to non- residents) extending the period men-
tioned in either of those sections beyond 5th April 1973 .
c. 41
Finance Act 1972 643
Miscellaneous provisions PARTV
101.-( 1 ) This section applies if- Change in ownership of
( a ) within any period of three years there is both a change company :
in the ownership of a company and (either earlier or calculation
later in that period, or at the same time) a major change and treatment
in the nature or conduct of a trade or business carried of advance
corporation
on by the company ; or
tax.
( b) at any time after the scale of the activities in a trade or
business carried on by a company has become small or
negligible, and before any considerable revival of the
trade or business, there is a change in the ownership
of the company.
( 2 ) Sections 85 and 89 above and Schedule 14 below shall
apply to an accounting period in which the change of owner-
ship occurs as if the part ending with the change of ownership,
and the part after, were two separate accounting periods ; and
for that purpose the income of the company charged to corpora-
tion tax for the accounting period (as defined in subsection (6)
of the said section 85) shall be apportioned between those parts .
(3) No advance corporation tax paid by the company in
respect of distributions made in an accounting period beginning
before the change of ownership shall be treated under sub-
section ( 4) of the said section 85 as paid by it in respect of
distributions made in an accounting period ending after the
change of ownership ; and this subsection shall apply to an
accounting period in which the change of ownership occurs as
if the part ending with the change of ownership, and the part
after, were two separate accounting periods.
( 4) In subsection ( 1) above " major change in the nature or
conduct of a trade or business " includes-
( a ) a major change in the type of property dealt in, or ser-
vices or facilities provided, in the trade or business ; or
(b) a major change in customers, outlets or markets of the
trade or business ; or
( c) a change whereby the company ceases to be a trading
company and becomes an investment company or vice
versa ;
( d ) where the company is an investment company, a major
change in the nature of the investments held by the
company ;
and this section applies even if the change is the result of a
gradual process which began outside the period of three years
mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) (a) above.
X2
644 Finance Act 1972
с .41
PARTV
Rectification
ofexcessive
set - offetc. of
advance cor-
porationtax
or tax credit,
( 5 ) In this section-
" trading company means a company whose business con-
sists wholly or mainly of the carrying on of a trade or
trades ;
" investment company " means a company ( other than a
holding company) whose business consists wholly or
mainly in the making of investments and the principal
part of whose income is derived therefrom ;
" holding company "
means a company whose business con-
sists wholly or mainly in the holding of shares or
securities of companies which are its 90 per cent. subsi-
diaries and which are trading companies.
(6 ) Subsection (3) above applies to advance corporation tax
which a company is treated as having paid by virtue of section
92 above as it applies to advance corporation tax which it has
actually paid .
(7 ) Subsections ( 6) and (7) of section 483 of the Taxes Act
( which contain supplementary provisions relating to the restrict-
tion of the carry-forward of losses under that section in circum-
stances corresponding to those dealt with in this section ) and
section 484 of that Act ( which contains rules for ascertaining
changes of ownership for the purposes of that section ) shall apply
also for the purposes of this section and as if in subsection (3) of
section 484 the reference to the benefit of the losses were a refer-
ence to the benefit of the advance corporation tax.
102. ( 1 ) if an inspector discovers that-
(a ) any set -off of advance corporation tax under section
85 above ; or
( b) any set-off or payment of tax credit,
ought not to have been made, or is or has become excessive, the
inspector may make any such assessments as may in his judgment
be required for recovering any tax that ought to have been paid
or any payment of tax credit that ought not to have been made.
and generally for securing that the resulting liabilities to tax
(including interest on unpaid tax ) of the persons concerned are
what they would have been if only such set - offs or payments had
been made as ought to have been made.
( 2 ) The Management Act shall apply to any assessment under
this section for recovering a payment of tax credit as if it were
an assessment to income tax for the year of assessment, or,
in the case of a company, corporation tax for the accounting
period, in respect of which the payment was claimed, and as if
that payment represented a loss of tax to the Crown ; and any
sum charged by any such assessment shall, subject to any appeal
against the assessment, be due within fourteen days after the
issue of the notice of assessment.
c.41
Finance Act 1972 645
103.-( 1) Notwithstanding that a rate of advance corporation
PARTV
tax has not been fixed for any financial year, advance corporation Charge
tax in respect of distributions made in that year shall be payable of advance
under Schedule 14 to this Act and may be assessed under that corporation tax
Schedule according to the rate last fixed but, if a rate of advance at previous
rate until
corporation tax for that year is not fixed by an Act passed on new rate is
or before 5th August next after the end of the year, or advance fixed and
corporation tax is charged for that year otherwise than as it has changes of
been paid or assessed, the necessary adjustment shall be made rate.
by discharge or repayment of tax or by a further assessment.
(2) Where the House of Commons passes a Resolution for
fixing the rate of advance corporation tax for any financial year
or for altering the charge to advance corporation tax for any
financial year, then any payment or assessment afterwards made
by virtue of subsection ( 1) above may be made in accordance with
the Resolution; but that subsection shall not require any
payment to be made or authorise the making of any assessment
later than 5th May next after the end of any financial year unless
a Resolution for fixing a rate of advance corporation tax for that
year has been so passed, nor shall any such payment be required
or assessment made by virtue of any such Resolution later than
the prescribed period from the date on which the Resolution
is passed.
( 3) In subsection ( 2) above " the prescribed period " has the
meaning given in section 243(7) of the Taxes Act.
( 4) Where different rates of advance corporation tax are in
force in different parts of an accounting period, the maximum
set - off permitted for that accounting period under subsection (2)
of section 85 above shall be determined by apportioning the
income of the company charged to corporation tax for that
period (as defined in subsection (6) of that section ) between the
different parts of the period, calculating the maximum for each
part as if it were a separate accounting period and aggregating
the result.
(5) Where a company makes a distribution before 6th April
in any financial year and the rate of advance corporation tax
for that year differs from the rate last fixed-
( a) any advance corporation tax payable in respect of the
distribution shall be calculated according to the rate
last fixed and sections 84(3) and 86( 2) above and
Schedule 14 below shall have effect in relation to the
distribution as if the rate for that year were the same
as the rate last fixed ;
(b ) if the distribution is made in an accounting period
which extends beyond 5th April in that year and
another distribution is made, or franked investment in-
come is received, in that period after that date, the
X3
646 Finance Act 1972
c. 41
PART V
Payments in
respect of
which
company is
liable to
account for
income tax.
Returns of
distributions
which are not
qualifying
distributions .
Amendments
as to meaning
of" distri-
bution ".
Amendments
as to
accounting
periods.
company's liability for advance corporation tax, the
amount of any such tax and the amount of any surplus
of franked investment income for that accounting
period shall be determined under section 89 above and
Schedule 14 below as if the part of the accounting
period ending with, and the part of it beginning after,
that date were separate accounting periods.
104. Schedule 20 to this Act shall have effect for the purpose
of regulating the time and manner in which companies resident in
the United Kingdom-
( a) are to account for and pay income tax in respect of
payments made after 5th April 1973 from which tax is
deductible under section 53 or 54 of the Taxes Act ;
(b) are to be repaid income tax in respect of payments
received by them after that date.
105. Schedule 21 to this Act shall have effect for the purpose
of requiring companies resident in the United Kingdom to make
returns and give information to the inspector in respect of distri-
butions made by them after 5th April 1973 which are not quali-
fying distributions.
106. Sections 233 to 237 of the Taxes Act ( meaning of " dis-
tribution ") shall have effect subject to the provisions of Schedule
22 to this Act.
107.-( 1 ) For paragraph (c) of section 247(3) of the Taxes
Act (under which a company's accounting period ends on its
beginning or ceasing to carry on any trade or to be, in respect
of a trade, within the charge to corporation tax) there shall be
substituted-
66 " (c) the company beginning or ceasing to trade or to be, in
respect of the trade or ( if more than one) of all the
trades carried on by it, within the charge to corporation
tax".
(2) For subsection (2) of section 155 of the said Act (coгpora-
tion tax in respect of company's share in partnership profits etc.)
there shall be substituted-
66 ( 2 ) A company's share in the profits or loss of any
accounting period of the partnership, or in any matter ex-
cluded from the computation by proviso ( b) to subsection ( 1 )
above, shall be determined according to the interests of the
partners during that period, and corporation tax shall be
chargeable as if that share derived from a trade carried on
by the company alone in its corresponding accounting period
or periods ; and the company shall be assessed and charged
to tax for its corresponding accounting period or periods
accordingly.
Finance Act 1972 647
c. 41
In this subsection " corresponding accounting period or
PART V
periods " means the accounting period or periods of the com-
pany comprising or together comprising the accounting
period of the partnership, and any necessary apportionment
shall be made between corresponding accounting periods if
more than one."
( 3) In section 252(8) of the said Act ( company reconstruc-
tions without change of ownership) for the words from " the
accounting periods " onwards there shall be substituted the
words " any necessary apportionment shall be made of receipts
or expenses " .
( 4) This section has effect in relation to accounting periods
ending after 5th April 1972.
Supplementary
108.-( 1 ) The Board may, by regulations made for any of Power to make
the purposes mentioned in sections 84(5), 89( 4), 104 or 105 regulations
above, modify, supplement or replace any of the provisions of modifying or
replacing
Schedules 14, 20 or 21 to this Act; and references in this Act Schedules 14,
and in any other enactment to any of those Schedules shall be 20 or 21 .
construed as including references to any such regulations.
( 2) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding sub-
section, regulations under that subsection may, in relation to ad-
vance corporation tax or income tax for which a company is
liable to account, modify any provision of Parts II to VI of the
Management Act or apply any such provision with or without
modifications.
( 3) Regulations under this section may-
(a) make different provision for different descriptions of com-
panies and for different circumstances and may
authorise the Board, where in their opinion there are
special circumstances justifying it , to make special
arrangements as respects advance corporation tax or
income tax for which a company is liable to account
or the repayment of income tax borne by a company
or the payment to a company of amounts in respect of
any tax credit to which it is entitled ;
( b) include such transitional and other supplemental provi-
sions as appear to the Board to be expedient or neces-
sary.
(4) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument, and the Board shall not make any such regulations
unless a draft of them has been laid before, and approved by a
resolution of , the Commons House of Parliament.
X4
648 Finance Act 1972
с .41
PARTV
Transitional
provisions.
Interpretation
ofPart V.
1970 с. 9.
109. Schedule 23 to this Act shall have effect with respect
to the matters there dealt with, being transitional provisions
relating to this Part of this Act.
110.- (1) In this Part of this Act-
" franked investment income " shall be construed in
accordance with section 88 above but subject to sec-
tion 256(1 ) of the Taxes Act ;
" franked payment " shall be construed in accordance with
section 84(3) above but subject to section 256(1) of
the Taxes Act;
" the Management Act " means the Taxes Management
Act 1970;
" qualifying distribution " has the meaning given in section
84( 4) above ;
“
surplus of franked investment income " has the meaning
given in section 89 (6) above ;
6 "
surplus advance corporation tax " has the meaning given
in section 85(3) above ;
66
tax credit " means a tax credit under section 86 above ;
" United Kingdom trust " means a trust administered under
the law of any part of the United Kingdom, not being
a trust the general administration of which is ordinarily
carried on outside the United Kingdom and the trustees,
or a majority of the trustees, of which are resident or
ordinarily resident outside the United Kingdom.
(2 ) References in this Part of this Act to distributions
or payments received by a company apply to any received by
another person on behalf of or in trust for the company but not
to any received by the company on behalf of or in trust for
another person.
( 3) References in this Part of this Act to using franked invest-
ment income to frank distributions of a company shall be
construed in accordance with section 89(5) above.
( 4) References in this Part of this Act to an amount of profits
on which corporation tax falls finally to be borne are references
to the amount of those profits after making all deductions
and giving all reliefs that for the purposes of corporation tax
are made or given from or against those profits, including deduc-
tions and reliefs which under any provision are treated as
reducing them for those purposes.
( 5) For the purposes of any reference in this Part of this Act,
or in any provision amended thereby, to the rate of advance
corporation tax in force for a financial year, the period beginning
with 6th April 1973 and ending with 31st March 1974 shall be
treated as if it were a financial year.
Finance Act 1972 649
c. 41
111.-( 1 ) The enactments specified in Schedule 24 to this PARTV
Act shall have effect with the amendments there specified, being Consequential
amendments adapting and supplementing those enactments in amendments .
consequence of the provisions of this Part of this Act.
( 2) The provisions of the Taxes Act as to the charge, calcula-
tion and payment of corporation tax (including provisions con-
ferring any exemption) shall not be construed as affecting the
charge, calculation or payment of advance corporation tax, and
the Corporation Tax Acts shall apply for the purposes of this
Part of this Act whether or not they are for the time being
applicable for the purposes of corporation tax other than advance
corporation tax.
( 3) This section has effect from 6th April 1973 and does not
affect the operation of any enactment in relation to any previous
time; and no amendment in the said Schedule 24 adapting
an enactment so as to make it apply or refer to a provision
of this Act instead of a provision repealed thereby shall be con-
strued as affecting the operation of that enactment in relation
to the repealed provision so far as concerns matters occurring
before the repeal or otherwise unaffected by it .
PART VI
TAX ON CAPITAL GAINS AND ESTATE DUTY
112.-( 1 ) Subject to subsections ( 2) and (6) below, this section Reduction of
applies to disposals after 5th April 1972 of- tax liability
ondisposals
(a) shares in authorised unit trusts, in unit trusts to which ofshares in
section 38 (2) of the Finance Act 1965 applies, or in unit trusts,
investment trusts ; and investment
trusts and
(b) shares in any common investment fund established funds in
under section 1 of the Administration of Justice Act court.
1965 .
1965 с. 25.
1965 с. 2.( 2 ) Paragraph (a) of subsection (1) above does not apply to
any share of a class to which there would not be attributable
in a liquidation of the trust the whole or a substantial part-
(a) of the assets of the trust representing gains on capital ;
or
(b) if those assets would be so attributable to two or more
classes of shares, of a proportion of those assets corre-
sponding to the proportion of all the issued shares of
those classes represented by the issued shares of the
class in question.
Where there are shares on which different amounts have been
paid up the proportion mentioned in paragraph (b) above shall
c.41
650 Finance Act 1972
PART VI
1965 с. 25.
be calculated by reference to the amount paid up on the issued
share capital of each class of shares .
(3) Where gains accrue to a person in any year of assessment
on any disposals to which this section applies, the capital gains
tax to which he is chargeable for that year shall be reduced by
a credit equal to whichever of the following amounts is the
smallest-
( a) the amount of that tax ;
(b) an amount equal to 15 per cent. of the total chargeable
gains accruing to him in that year on disposals to
which this section applies ;
( c) an amount equal to 15 per cent . of the total amount
of chargeable gains accruing to him in that year on
which capital gains tax is chargeable (or would have
been chargeable apart from section 21 of the Finance
Act 1965) .
( 4) Subsection (3) above shall have effect in relation to the
corporation tax chargeable on a company for an accounting
period in which gains accrue to it on any disposals to which
this section applies as it has effect in relation to the capital
gains tax chargeable on a person other than a company, and
shall so have effect as if-
(a) references to a year of assessment were references to
an accounting period ; and
( b) for the total amount of chargeable gains mentioned in
paragraph (c) of that subsection there were substituted
the amount of gains charged to corporation tax for the
accounting period in question increased, where sub-
section (5) below applies, in accordance with that sub-
section.
In this subsection " gains charged to corporation tax " means
the profits on which corporation tax falls finally to be borne
after deducting the income charged to corporation tax as defined
in section 85(6) (read with section 110( 4) ) above except that, in
relation to an accounting period for which the company claims
a credit for foreign tax, those gains shall be determined in
accordance with section 100( 5) above.
(5) In relation to an accounting period for which any reduction
falls to be made under section 93 above in the amount to be in-
cluded in respect of chargeable gains in the company's total
profits, the gains mentioned in subsection ( 4)(b) above shall be
increased by multiplying by the inverse of the fraction of that
amount remaining after the reduction ; and if under subsection
c.41
Finance Act 1972 651
(3) or (4) of that section the reduction falls to be made by
reference to different portions of that amount, the increase under
this subsection shall be made similarly, using the inverse of the
fractions of those portions remaining after any reduction.
PART VI
(6) Where a person disposes after 5th April 1972 of a share-
(a) which at the time of disposal is a qualifying share (that
is to say, a share falling within subsection ( 1 ) (a) above)
but has not at all times while in the ownership of that
person been a qualifying share ; or
( b) which at the time of disposal is not a qualifying share
but has previously while in his ownership been such
a share,
this section shall apply to the disposal but for the purposes of
subsection (3) ( b) above the gain accruing on the disposal shall
be treated as reduced in proportion to the time for which the
share was in the ownership of that person without being a
qualifying share.
(7 ) Where under paragraphs 4 to 7 of Schedule 7 to the Finance 1965 c. 25.
Act 1965 (exchanges, etc. of shares ) the share of which a
person disposes falls to be identified with another asset or other
assets previously held by him, subsection (6) above shall have
effect as if-
(a) his period of ownership of the share disposed of included
his period of ownership of the other asset or assets :
and
(b) the share disposed of had or had not been a qualifying
share at any time during that additional period accord-
ing to whether or not the other asset or any of those
other assets was a qualifying share at that time.
(8) Where a person disposes after 5th April 1972 of a share
which at the time of disposal is a qualifying share and which
he has received on a conversion of-
(a) a share other than a qualifying share ; or
(b) loan stock,
previously held by him, being a conversion pursuant to rights
in that behalf attached to the share or stock previously held,
subsections (6) and (7) above shall have effect as if that share
or stock had been a qualifying share throughout any time for
which the company by which it was issued was a body of the
kind mentioned in subsection ( 1) (a) above.
(9) Where the gain accruing on a disposal to which this section
applies falls to be computed in accordance with paragraph
c.41
652 Finance Act 1972
PARTVI
1965 с. 25.
27(2) ( b) of Schedule 6 to the Finance Act 1965 (unquoted
securities held before 6th April 1965 which are subsequently
converted or exchanged)-
( a) the period of ownership of the share disposed of shall
not be treated under subsection (7)(a) above as having
begun before the time mentioned in the said paragraph
27(2) (b) ; and
( b ) for the purposes of subsection (3)( b) above the gain
shall be taken to be that mentioned in sub-paragraph
(ii) of the said paragraph 27(2)(b) reduced, where
applicable, in accordance with subsections (6) and ( 7)
above.
( 10 ) For the purposes of subsections (6) to (8) above no
account shall be taken of any period of ownership before 6th
April 1965 ; and nothing in paragraphs 4 to 7 of the said
Schedule 7 shall be construed as enabling any asset to be treated
as having been a qualifying share at any time when it was not
such in fact.
(11) The following provisions, that is to say-
(a ) section 37(1) of the Finance Act 1965 and that section
as applied by section 38( 2) of that Act (under which
the amount apportioned to a share out of the net gains
of a unit trust or investment trust is deductible in
computing a gain on a disposal) and section 357 of
the Taxes Act ( which provides for making the appor-
tionment ) ; and
( b) section 94(2 ) of the said Act of 1965 (which makes
corresponding provision for common investment funds) ,
together with any apportionment already made under those
provisions, shall not apply as respects any disposal after 5th
April 1972 whether or not a disposal to which this section
applies.
(12 ) For the purposes of this section loan stock issued by an
investment trust before 11th April 1972, being loan stock to
which there would be attributable in a liquidation of the trust
the whole of the assets of the trust representing gains on capital,
shall be treated as shares in the trust falling within subsection
(1) (a) above.
(13) In this section " authorised unit trust " has the meaning
given in section 358 of the Taxes Act and, subject to section
93(6) above, " investment trust " has the meaning given in sec-
tion 359 of that Act.
Finance Act 1972 653
с. 41
113. For the year 1972-73 and subsequent years of assess- PARTVI
ment the rate of capital gains tax payable on chargeable gains Reduced rate
accruing- ofcapital gains tax for
( a ) to a unit trust to which section 38( 2) of the Finance unit trusts with
Act 1965 applies ( unit trusts for exempt unit holders ) ; exempt unit
(b) to a common investment fund established under section holders and
for funds in
1 of the Administration of Justice Act 1965,
court.
shall be 15 per cent.
1965 с. 25.
1965 с. 2.
114.- (1) Nothing in any trust deed executed before 1st Valuation of
September 1972 and regulating any such unit trust as is men- assets of and
tioned in section 112(1)( a) above shall preclude the managers of rights in
unit trusts.
the trust or the trustee, in valuing the assets of the trust at any
time during an accounting period, from making a deduction for
any tax for which the trust may become liable in respect of its
net gains in that period up to that time.
ود
In this subsection net gains means the excess, if any, of
chargeable gains over the allowable losses deductible from those
gains as those gains and losses are computed for the charge
to tax on the trust.
( 2 ) In section 44( 4) of, and paragraph 22( 1 )(b) of Schedule 6
to, the Finance Act 1965 ( valuation of rights of unit holders in
unit trust scheme the prices of which are published daily by the
managers of the scheme ) for the words are published daily "
there shall be substituted the words " are published regularly ".
This subsection has effect in relation to disposals after 5th
April 1972.
115. Section 22( 4) of the Finance Act 1965 (assets deemed Share option
acquired and disposed of at market value ) shall not apply in schemes
calculating, for the purposes of any disposal made after 5th ( capital gains
April 1972, the consideration given for the acquisition of shares tax).
in pursuance of a share option scheme as defined in Schedule 12
to this Act.
116.-(1 ) In sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 14 of Schedule 6 Consideration
to the Finance Act 1965 ( consideration payable by instalments ) payable by
for the words from " the chargeable gain " to the end there shall instalments.
be substituted the words " then, if the person making the disposal
satisfies the Board that he would otherwise suffer undue hard-
ship, the tax on a chargeable gain accruing on the disposal may,
at his option, be paid by such instalments as the Board may
allow over a period not exceeding eight years and ending not
later than the time at which the last of the first -mentioned
instalments is payable " ; and sub- paragraphs (2) to (4) of that
c . 41
654 Finance Act 1972
PART VI
1971 с. 68.
paragraph and paragraph 5 of Schedule 11 to the Finance Act
1971 (which, in relation to relief under section 57 of that Act,
makes provision corresponding to that made by paragraph 14)
shall be omitted.
(2) Subject to subsections (3) and ( 4) below, this section shall
be deemed to have come into force on 11th April 1972.
( 3) Where, under paragraph 14 of Schedule 6 to the Finance
Act 1965 as originally enacted, part of a chargeable gain would
fall to be regarded as accruing before and part as accruing
on or after 11th April 1972, subsection ( 1) above shall not
apply but so much of the gain as would fall to be regarded
as accruing after that date shall instead be regarded as accruing
on that date; but if the person liable to pay the tax on the
gain regarded as so accruing satisfies the Board that he would
otherwise suffer undue hardship, the tax may, at his option, be
paid by such instalments as the Board may allow .
( 4) Where, under paragraph 5 of Schedule 11 to the Finance
Act 1971 , part of any consideration for a disposal made before
11th April 1972 would have been deemed, for the purposes of
section 57 of that Act, to be a consideration for a disposal made
in a year of assessment later than 1971-72 it shall be deemed for
those purposes to be a consideration for a disposal made in
the year 1972-73 .
Postponement
ofpayment
oftax .
1970 с. 91.
117. In relation to a disposal made or deemed to be made
on or after 11th April 1972 the following shall be substituted
for paragraph 4 of Schedule 10 to the Finance Act 1965 : -
" 4.-( 1 ) Where the whole or part of any assets falling
within sub-paragraph ( 2) below is disposed of by way of
gift or is under subsection (3) or subsection (4) of section
25 of this Act deemed to be disposed of, the capital gains
tax chargeable on a gain accruing on the disposal may, at
the option of the person liable to pay it , be paid by eight
equal yearly instalments or sixteen half-yearly instalments ,
but subject to the payment of interest under Part IX
( except sections 87 and 88) of the Taxes Management Act
1970.
( 2) The assets referred to in sub- paragraph ( 1) above
are :-
(a ) land or an estate or interest in land ;
(b) any shares or securities of a company not quoted on
a recognised stock exchange in the United
Kingdom or elsewhere ; and
Finance Act 1972 655
c.41
( c) any assets used exclusively for the purposes of a trade, profession or vocation which, immediately
before the disposal, was carried on (whether alone
or in partnership) by the person by whom the
disposal was made or deemed to be made.
( 3) Where tax is payable by instalments by virtue of this
paragraph, the first instalment shall be due at the expiration
of twelve months from the time of the disposal and the
interest on the unpaid portion of the tax shall be added to
each instalment and paid accordingly ; but the tax for the
time being unpaid, with interest to the date of payment,
may be paid at any time, and shall become due and
payable forthwith if-
(a) the disposal was by way of gift to a person connected
with the donor or was deemed to be made under
subsection (3) or subsection (4) of section 25 of
this Act ; and
(b) the assets are disposed of for valuable consideration
under a subsequent disposal ( whether or not the
subsequent disposal is made by the person who
acquired them under the first disposal). "
PART VI
118. Section 33 of the Finance Act 1965 (replacement of Replacement
business assets) shall be amended by adding after paragraph (c) of business
of subsection (10) the words " and
assets.
1965 с. 25.
( d ) in relation to such of the activities of a body of persons
whose activities are carried on otherwise than for profit
and are wholly or mainly directed to the protection or
promotion of the interests of its members in the carrying
on of their trade or profession as are so directed;"
and the section as so amended shall apply in any case where the
acquisition of the new assets, or of the interest in the new assets,
referred to therein takes place on or after 11th April 1972.
119.-( 1 ) Subsection ( 2) of this section shall apply where a Gifts to
disposal of an asset is made, after 21st March 1972, otherwise charities, etc.
than under a bargain at arm's length-
(a) to a charity ; or
( b) to any of the bodies falling within Schedule 25 to this
Act .
(2) Section 22(4) of the Finance Act 1965 (consideration 1965 c. 25.
deemed to be equal to market value ) and section 31( 3) of that
Act (concession for gifts of national and other interest) shall
656 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
PART VI
1971 с. 68.
1965 с. 25.
not apply ; but if the disposal is by way of gift ( including a gift
in settlement ) or for a consideration not exceeding the sums
allowable as a deduction under paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to
that Act, then-
( a ) the disposal and acquisition shall be treated for the
purposes of Part III of that Act , but not for the pur-
poses of section 57 of the Finance Act 1971 (exemption
or relief for small disposals ) as being made for such
consideration as to secure that neither a gain nor a
loss accrues on the disposal ; and
(b) where, after the disposal, the asset is disposed of by the
person who acquired it under the disposal, its acqui-
sition by the person making the earlier disposal shall
be treated for the purposes of Part III of the Finance
Act 1965 as the acquisition of the person making the
later disposal.
(3) Where, otherwise than on the termination of a life interest
( within the meaning of section 25 of the Finance Act 1965) by
the death of the person entitled thereto, any assets or parts of
any assets forming part of settled property are, under subsection
(3) or subsection ( 4 ) of that section, deemed to be disposed of
and re- acquired by the trustee, and-
( a ) the person becoming entitled as mentioned in subsection
( 3) of that section is a charity or a body falling within
Schedule 25 to this Act; or
( b) any of the assets which, or parts of which, are deemed
to be disposed of and re-acquired under subsection ( 4)
of that section are held for the purposes of a charity
or a body falling within Schedule 25 to this Act ;
then, if no consideration is received by any person for or in
connection with any transaction by virtue of which the charity or
other body becomes so entitled or the assets are so held, the
disposal and re-acquisition of the assets to which the charity
or other body becomes so entitled or of the assets or parts of
the assets which are held as mentioned in paragraph (b) above
shall, notwithstanding those subsections, be treated for the
purposes of Part III of that Act as made for such consideration
as to secure that neither a gain nor a loss accrues on the
disposal .
Alteration of
amount of
estate duty.
1969 с. 32.
1894 с. 30.
120.-( 1) In relation to deaths occurring after 21st March
1972 Part I of Schedule 17 to the Finance Act 1969 (amount
of duty) and section 16( 3) of the Finance Act 1894 (small estates)
shall be further amended as follows.
c. 41
Finance Act 1972 657
( 2) In Part I of that Schedule the following shall be substituted
PARTVI
for the words following " The amount of the estate duty on an
estate "
" ( a) if the aggregate principal value of all property com-
prised in the estate does not exceed £15,000, shall be
nil;
( b) in any other case shall be an amount equal to the
aggregate of-
( i) 25 per cent. of any amount by which that
aggregate principal value exceeds £15,000 but does
not exceed £20,000 ; and
( ii ) 30 per cent . of any amount by which that
aggregate principal value exceeds £20,000 but does
not exceed £30,000 ; and
( iii ) 35 per cent. of any amount by which that
aggregate principal value exceeds £30,000 but does
not exceed £ 40,000 ; and
( iv ) 40 per cent. of any amount by which that
aggregate principal value exceeds £ 40,000 but does
not exceed £50,000 ; and
( v ) 45 per cent. of any amount by which that
aggregate principal value exceeds £50,000 but does
not exceed £60,000 ; and
( vi) 50 per cent. of any amount by which that
aggregate principal value exceeds £60,000 but does
not exceed £80,000 ; and
( vii) 55 per cent. of any amount by which that
aggregate principal value exceeds £80,000 but does
not exceed £100,000 ; and
( viii) 60 per cent. of any amount by which that
aggregate principal value exceeds £100,000 but does
not exceed £150,000 ; and
(ix ) 65 per cent. of any amount by which that
aggregate principal value exceeds £150,000 but does
not exceed £200,000 ; and
( x) 70 per cent. of any amount by which that
aggregate principal value exceeds £200,000 but does
not exceed £500,000 ; and
( xi) 75 per cent. of any amount by which that
aggregate principal value exceeds £500,000. "
(3) In paragraphs (a) and (b) of section 16(3) of the Finance 1894 c. 30.
Act 1894 " £15,000 " shall be substituted for " £12,500 " .
658 Finance Act 1972
c.41
PARTVI
Estate duty:
relief for
surviving
spouse,
charities and
certain
institutions
121.-(1 ) In determining for the purposes of estate duty
chargeable on any death occurring after 21st March 1972 the
principal value of an estate there shall be disregarded so much
thereof as is attributable to property falling within the following
paragraphs, but subject to the limits specified therein-
( a) property given to any of the bodies falling within
Schedule 25 to this Act ; and
(b) property given to charities, up to a limit of £50,000 ;
and
(c) property given to or devolving on the deceased's widow
or widower, up to a limit of £15,000 ;
but it shall not be so disregarded if the property passes under
a gift excepted under Part I of Schedule 26 to this Act.
( 2) Schedule 26 to this Act shall have effect for supplementing
this section .
Abolition of
selective
employment
tax .
1966 с. 32.
1967 с. 54.
1968 с. 44.
PART VII
MISCELLANEOUS
122.-( 1 ) Selective employment tax shall not be payable in
respect of any contribution week beginning after 1st April 1973 ,
and, subject to the following provisions of this section-
(a) no payment shall be made under the Selective Employ-
ment Payments Act 1966 in respect of persons in any
employment in or carried out from an establishment
registered under subsection ( 1) of section 7 of that Act
unless the application for registration was made before
1st July 1973 ; and
(b) no payment under the Act of 1966, section 25 of the
Finance Act 1967 or section 52(3) of the Finance Act
1968 shall be made unless the claim for it was made
before 1st October 1973 ; and
(c) no question arising in connection with a payment men-
tioned in paragraph (b) above shall after 1st April 1973
be referred to an industrial tribunal under paragraph
(a) , (b) or ( c) of section 7(5) of the Act of 1966 or under
paragraph 6 of Schedule 12 to the Finance Act 1967
unless the reference is required within six weeks of the
time the question arises .
( 2 ) Where-
( a) an employer has required the reference of a question to
an industrial tribunal under paragraph (a) or (b) of
section 7( 5) of the Act of 1966 ; or
Finance Act 1972 659
c.41
(b) an employer has duly applied for the registration of an establishment under section 7( 1) of that Act but the
decision on the application has been notified to him
after 30th June 1973 ; or
(c) a charity, within the meaning of section 5 of that Act,
has, before 1st July 1973, applied for a certificate under
subsection ( 3 ) or (4) of that section or for registration
under section 4 of the Charities Act 1960 ;
subsection ( 1) (b) of this section shall not prevent the making of
a payment to the employer or charity on a claim made within
three months of the final determination of the question or, as the
case may be, of the notification, the granting of the certificate or
the registration under the Act of 1960.
PART VII
1960 с. 58.
( 3) Subsection ( 1) of this section shall not affect the payment
of regional employment premiums, that is to say, of so much of
any amount payable under section 1 of the Act of 1966 as exceeds
the amount of tax paid, in respect of any contribution week
beginning before such date as the Treasury may by order made
by statutory instrument appoint ; and accordingly-
(a) payments under that section equal to the amounts of the
increases specified in subsection ( 1) of section 26 of the
Finance Act 1967 (or, where subsection ( 2) of that 1967 c. 54.
section applies, equal to one- half of the amounts so
specified ) shall be made in respect of any such week in
the cases mentioned in the said section 26 ; and
( b) in relation to any contribution week beginning after 1st
April 1973 and before the date so appointed the
enactments mentioned in Schedule 27 to this Act shall
have effect subject to the amendments specified in that
Schedule.
( 4) An order under subsection (3) of this section may include
provisions corresponding to paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection ( 1 )
and subsection (2) of this section.
(5) The enactments mentioned in Part VIII of Schedule 28 to
this Act are hereby repealed as from 2nd April 1973 to the extent
specified in the third column of that Part ; and the enactments
mentioned in Part IX of that Schedule are hereby repealed, to
the extent specified in the third column of that Part, as from such
day as the Treasury may by order made by statutory instrument
appoint.
(6) This section and Parts VIII and IX of Schedule 28 to
this Act extend to Northern Ireland (except in so far as they
relate to enactments which do not so extend) .
с .41
660 Finance Act 1972
PARTVII
Registered
trade unions .
1971 с. 72.
Payments
toorby
ExportCredits
Guarantee
Department
under
investment
insurance
scheme.
1972 с. 40.
123.-( 1 ) Notwithstanding section 80 of the Industrial Rela-
tions Act 1971 and the repeals made by that Act-
( a ) no organisation which, immediately before 1st Octo-
ber 1971 , was a registered trade union shall be treated
for the purposes of section 338 of the Taxes Act
( exemption of income and gains applied for the pur-
pose of provident benefits) as having ceased to be such
a trade union before the end of 5th April 1972 ; and
( b) any organisation which is for the time being entered
in the provisional register maintained under the Act of
1971 shall for the purposes of section 338 of the Taxes
Act and subsection ( 2) of this section be treated as a
registered trade union.
( 2 ) The exemption from tax conferred by section 338 of the
Taxes Act shall not extend to so much of the income or gains
of a trade union registered either in Great Britain or Northern
Ireland as is after 5th April 1972 applied for the purpose of
provident benefits paid to persons residing in the other of those
countries, unless the majority of its members reside in the
country in which it is registered.
124.-( 1 ) Any sums paid by a person to the Export Credits
Guarantee Department under an agreement entered into under
arrangements made by the Secretary of State in pursuance of
section 1 of the Overseas Investment and Export Guarantees Act
1972 or with a view to entering into such an agreement shall
be included-
( a ) in the sums to be deducted in computing for the purposes
of Case I or Case II of Schedule D the profits or gains
of any trade, profession or vocation carried on by that
person ; or
( b ) if that person is an investment company within the
meaning of section 304 of the Taxes Act or a company
in the case of which that section applies by virtue of
section 305 of that Act, in the sums to be deducted as
expenses of management in computing the company's
profits for the purposes of corporation tax ;
whether or not they would fall to be so included apart from
this section.
( 2) Where, under such an agreement, any payment is made by
the Exports Credits Guarantee Department in respect of any
income or gains which cannot be transferred to the United
Kingdom, then, to the extent of the payment, -
( a) the income or gains shall be treated as income or gains
with respect to which the conditions mentioned in
с.41
Finance Act 1972 661
section 418(2) of the Taxes Act or section 40(1) of the PARTVII
Finance Act 1965 (relief in respect of unremittable 1965 c. 25 .
overseas income or gains) are not satisfied (and
accordingly cannot cease to be satisfied) ; and
( b) if the payment is made in respect of income arising from
investments of the foreign life assurance fund, within
the meaning of section 315 of the Taxes Act, of an
insurance company that section shall apply in relation
to the income as if it had been received in the United
Kingdom (and accordingly cannot be received again in
the United Kingdom).
125.-( 1 ) In subsection (1) of section 55 of , and in Part I of Reduction of
Schedule 11 to, the Finance Act 1963 ( under which, as amended stamp duty on
by section 27( 1) of the Finance Act 1967 and paragraph 10 of conveyances
and leases.
Schedule 7 to the Finance Act 1970, duty is not chargeable on
conveyances or transfers certified at £5,500 and is chargeable
1963 с. 25.
1967 с. 54.
at a reduced rate on those certified at £7,000), for " £5,500 " and
" £7,000 " , wherever occurring , there shall be substituted respec-
1970 с. 24.
tively " £ 10,000 " and " £ 15,000 " .
( 2) In subsection ( 2) of the said section 55 ( under which the
relief afforded by subsection (1) of that section is not available
as respects the duty chargeable in respect of a premium for a
lease if the consideration includes rent exceeding £50 a year)
for " £50 " there shall be substituted " £150 ".
( 3) No duty shall be chargeable under paragraph ( 3) of the
heading " Lease or Tack " in Schedule 1 to the Stamp Act 1891 1891 с. 39.
in respect of consideration consisting of rent if the term does
not exceed seven years or is indefinite and the rent is at a rate
or average rate not exceeding £250 per annum ; and
accordingly-
(a) the rate of duty specified in the second column of the
Table in that paragraph as applicable where the rent
is at a rate or average rate exceeding £100 shall apply
only when the rent is at a rate or average rate exceeding
£ 250 ; and
( b) in paragraph ( 2)(a) of that heading for " £100 " there
shall be substituted " £250 " .
( 4 ) This section has effect in relation to instruments executed
on or after 1st August 1972.
126. (1 ) The following are hereby abolished- Abolition of
(a ) the stamp duty chargeable by virtue of the heading stamp duty on
“ BANK NOTE " in Schedule 1 to the Stamp Act bank notes
and of
1891 ;
bankers'
( b ) the licences required to be taken out under section 24 licences.
of the Stamp Act 1815 (licences for bankers etc. issuing 1815 c. 184.
certain promissory notes) .
c . 41
662 Finance Act 1972
PART VII
Disclosure of
information
between
revenue
departments.
Vehicle excise
duty-
disabled
persons.
1971 с. 10.
1968 с. 46.
1971 с. 68.
(2) This section takes effect on 25th June 1972; and if on
or after that date and before the passing of this Act a person
pays any duty in respect of a licence of the kind mentioned
in subsection ( 1) ( b) above which would not have been payable
if this Act had then been in force the Commissioners of Inland
Revenue shall, on application made to them within two years
after the date of payment, repay the duty.
127.-( 1 ) No obligation as to secrecy or other restriction
upon the disclosure of information imposed by statute or other-
wise shall prevent either-
(a) the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or an authorised
officer of those Commissioners ; or
(b) the Commissioners of Customs and Excise or an autho
rised officer of those Commissioners ;
from disclosing information to the other Commissioners or an
authorised officer of the other Commissioners for the purpose of
assisting them in the performance of their duties.
(2) Information obtained in pursuance of this section shall not
be disclosed except-
(a ) to the Commissioners or an authorised officer of the
Commissioners on whose behalf it was obtained ; or
(b) for the purpose of any proceedings connected with a
matter in relation to which those Commissioners per-
form duties.
128.-( 1 ) For subsection (2) of section 7 of the Vehicles
( Excise) Act 1971 (exemption from duty of certain vehicles
registered in name of disabled persons) there shall be substituted
the following subsection-
66 ( 2) A mechanically propelled vehicle shall not be charge
able with any duty under this Act by reason of its use by or
for the purposes of a person suffering from a physical defect
or disability or by reason of its being kept for such use if-
(a) it is registered under this Act in the name of that
person ; and
(b) he has obtained, or is eligible for, a grant under
section 33(3) of the Health Services and Public
Health Act 1968 in relation to that vehicle : and
(c) no other vehicle registered in his name under this
Act is exempted from duty under this subsection . "
(2) In section 7 of the Finance Act 1971 the words from
"
fitted with controls " to or a vehicle " and paragraphs (a) and
(b) shall be omitted .
(3) In section 4(1)(g) of the Vehicles (Excise) Act 1971
( vehicles not exceeding eight hundredweight for invalids ) for the
word " eight " there shall be substituted the word " ten " .
Finance Act 1972 663
c.41
129.-(1 ) In section 53( 1) of the Taxes Management Act 1970
PARTVII
( summary award of penalties) there shall be substituted, for the Summary
words from " section 98(3) " to " awarded " the words " section 98 award of
of this Act shall have effect, in relation to a penalty so awarded, penalties .
as if subsection (3) were omitted and the reference in subsection 1970 c. 9.
(1) (ii) to the Commissioners before whom proceedings for the
penalty have been commenced were a reference to the Com-
missioners by whom the penalty has been awarded " .
( 2 ) This section does not apply in relation to a penalty
awarded before the commencement of this Act.
130.-( 1 ) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may, with Compensation
the concurrence of the Minister for the Civil Service, by regula- for loss of
office etc.
tions provide for the payment out of money provided by by clerks to
Parliament of compensation to or in respect of any clerk to the General
General Commissioners for any division who suffers or has Commission
suffered loss of office or loss or diminution of emoluments which ers .
is attributable to any order affecting that division made (whether
before or after the passing of this Act) under section 2( 6) of the
Taxes Management Act 1970 (alteration and abolition of
divisions) .
( 2) Regulations under this section may-
(a) include provision as to the manner in which and the
person to whom any claim for compensation under the
regulations is to be made, and for the determination
of all questions arising under the regulations ;
(b) make different provision for different classes of persons
and for different circumstances, and make, or authorise
the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to make,
exceptions and conditions ;
(c ) be framed so as to have effect from a date earlier than
the making of the regulations,
but so that regulations having effect from a date earlier than
their making shall not place any individual in a worse position
than he would have been in if the regulations had been so
framed as to have effect only from the date of their making.
(3) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory
instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of
either House of Parliament.
131.-( 1 ) On the repayment of any post -war credit, or pay- Post -war
ment to a building society of any amount outstanding under credits.
section 3 of the Income Tax (Repayment of Post-War Credits) 1959 с. 28.
Act 1959, the sum payable, inclusive of the interest , may be
taken by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue as amounting
to 138 per cent. of the credit as notified under section 7 of the
Finance Act 1941 or of the amount so outstanding, as the case 1941 с. 30.
may be.
664 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
PART VII
1959 с. 28.
( 2 ) An application for such a repayment made before the
applicant is qualified may, if he later becomes qualified, be
treated as made on the date when he does so.
( 3) No such repayment shall be made unless application
therefor is made before such time ( not earlier than the beginning
of the year 1974) as the Treasury may by order direct .
Any order under this subsection shall be made by statutory
instrument, which shall be laid before Parliament after being
made, and may be varied by a subsequent order so as to extend
the time for applications for repayment.
( 4 ) In this section " post -war credit " has the same meaning
as in the Income Tax (Repayment of Post -War Credits) Act 1959.
(5 ) This section shall be deemed to have had effect from the
beginning of April 1972.
Local loans.
1968 с. 13.
132.-( 1 ) Loans in pursuance of section 3 of the National
Loans Act 1968 may be made by the Public Works Loan
Commissioners, in addition to any loans made by them under
section 4 of that Act, but the aggregate of-
( a ) the commitments of the Commissioners outstanding at
any time in respect of undertakings entered into by
them to grant such loans ; and
( b) the advances in respect of such loans made by them
under this section up to that time ;
shall not exceed £1,000 million or such greater amount as may
be specified in an order under subsection ( 2) of this section.
( 2) The Treasury may, on not more than three occasions, by
order made by statutory instrument increase or further increase
the limit imposed by subsection (1) of this section by such sum
not exceeding £1,000 million as may be specified in the order.
( 3) No order shall be made under this section unless a draft
of it has been laid before and approved by a resolution of the
Commons House of Parliament.
Advances to
trustee savings
banks.
1969 с. 50.
133. In section 53( 2) of the Trustee Savings Banks Act 1969
(limit on advances to trustee savings banks out of the Fund for
the Banks for Savings ) for the words " but the total of the
advances so made shall not exceed £10 million " there shall be
substituted the words " but the amount outstanding at any time
in respect of such advances shall not exceed £15 million ".
Finance Act 1972 665
c.41
134.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act 1972.
PART VII
( 2 ) In this Act " the Taxes Act " means the Income and Citation,
Corporation Taxes Act 1970.
interpretation,
construction,
( 3) In this Act-
extent and
( a ) Part III shall be construed as one with the Customs repeals.
and Excise Act 1952 ; 1970 с. 10.
1952 с. 44.
(b) Parts IV and V, so far as they relate to income tax,
shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts
and, so far as they relate to corporation tax, shall be
construed as one with the Corporation Tax Acts ;
( c ) sections 112 to 119 shall be construed as one with
Part III of the Finance Act 1965 ; 1965 с. 25.
( d ) sections 120 and 121 shall be construed as one with
the Finance Act 1894. 1894 с. 30.
( 4 ) Except so far as the context otherwise requires, any
reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as
a reference to that enactment as amended, and as including a
reference to that enactment as applied, by or under any other
enactment, including this Act.
(5) Except as otherwise expressly provided, such of the pro-
visions of this Act as relate to matters in respect of which the
Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws do not
extend to Northern Ireland.
( 6 ) If the Parliament of Northern Ireland passes provisions
amending or replacing any enactment of that Parliament
referred to in this Act the reference shall be construed as a
reference to the enactment as so amended or, as the case may
be, as a reference to those provisions .
( 7 ) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 28 to this Act
are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column
of that Schedule, but subject to any provision at the end of
any Part of that Schedule.
666 Finance Act 1972
c.41
Section 4. SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
VALUE ADDED TAX -REGISTRATION
Liability to be registered
1. A person who makes taxable supplies but is not registered is
liable to be registered-
( a ) after the end of any quarter, if the value of his taxable
supplies in the period of one, two, three or four quarters
then ending has exceeded the amount shown in the following
Table as applicable to that period ; or
(b) at any time, if there are reasonable grounds for believing
that the value of his taxable supplies in the period of one
year beginning at that or any later time will exceed £5,000 ;
except that a person is not liable to be registered by virtue of sub-
paragraph (a) above on the ground that the value of his taxable
supplies in a period of less than a year has exceeded the amount
applicable to that period if the Commissioners are satisfied that the
value of his taxable supplies in that period and the remaining
quarter or quarters of the year will not exceed £ 5,000.
TABLE
Number of quarters
comprised in period
1 ... ...
2
3 ... ... ...
4 ...
...
... ... ... ...
.. ...
... ... ... ...
Amount applicable
£
1,750
3,000
4,250
5,000
2. A registered person who makes taxable supplies shall cease
to be liable to be registered-
(a ) after the end of any quarter, if he has been registered for
the whole of the two years then ending and the value
of his taxable supplies in each of those years has been £ 4,000
or less, or the value of his taxable supplies in each of
the quarters comprised in those years has been £1,250
or less ; and
( b ) at any time, if the Commissioners are satisfied that the value
of his taxable supplies in the period of one year then begin-
ning will be £ 4,000 or less .
Notification of liability and registration
3. A person who, on 1st April 1973 , will be liable to be registered
shall notify the Commissioners of that fact within ten days of the
earliest date after September 1972 on which he knows or could
with reasonable diligence have known that he will be so liable or
within such longer time as the Commissioners may allow ; and the
Commissioners shall register any such person with effect from ist
April 1973.
с .41
Finance Act 1972 667
4. The following three paragraphs apply to persons not required
to notify the Commissioners under paragraph 3 of this Schedule .
5. A person who by virtue of paragraph 1(a ) of this Schedule is
liable to be registered after the end of any quarter shall notify the
Commissioners of his liability within ten days of the end of that
quarter and the Commissioners shall register any such person with
effect from the twenty-first day of the next quarter or such earlier
date as maybe agreed between them and that person.
6. A person who, by virtue of paragraph 1( b) of this Schedule,
is liable to be registered by reason of the value of his taxable supplies
in any period shall notify the Commissioners of that liability not
later than the beginning of that period, and the Commissioners shall
register any such person with effect from the beginning of that period
or such earlier date as may be agreed between them and that person.
7. Where a person who intends to make taxable supplies, and will
be liable to be registered when he does so, notifies the Commissioners
of the fact and requests to be registered the Commissioners may,
subject to such conditions as they think fit to impose, register him
from such date as may be agreed between them and that person.
Notification of end of liability and cancellation of registration
8. A registered person who ceases to make taxable supplies shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact within ten days of the date
on which he does so and the Commissioners shall cancel the registra-
tion of any such person.
9. Where, by virtue of paragraph 2( a ) of this Schedule, a registered
person ceases to be liable to be registered and notifies the Com-
missioners of that fact, the Commissioners shall cancel his registration
with effect from the end of the period of fourteen days beginning
with the date on which he so notifies them or from such other date
as may be agreed between them and that person.
10. Where a registered person requests the Commissioners to cancel
his registration by virtue of paragraph 2( b) of this Schedule and the
Commissioners are at any time satisfied as mentioned in that para-
graph they shall cancel his registration as from that time.
Discretionary registration or exemption from registration
11. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Schedule, -
( a ) where a person erson who makes or intends to make taxable
supplies satisfies the Commissioners that any such supply
is zero-rated or would be zero-rated if he were a taxable
person they may, if he so requests and they think fit,
exempt him from registration ; and
( b ) where a person who makes or intends to make taxable
supplies is not and will not be liable to be registered the
SCH . 1
668 Finance Act 1972
с. 41
SCH. 1
Commissioners may, if he so requests and they think fit ,
treat him as so liable, subject to such conditions as they
think fit to impose ;
until it appears to the Commissioners that the request should no
longer be acted upon or the request is withdrawn ; but the Commis-
sioners may by notice given in such manner as appears to them
appropriate for the information of persons making taxable supplies
prevent the withdrawal of such a request made after the publica-
tion of the notice for such period after it is made as may be specified
in the notice.
Supplementary
12. The provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the
determination of the value of a supply of goods or services shall
apply for the purposes of this Schedule with the modification that
no allowance shall be made for tax.
13. Any notification required under this Schedule shall be made in
such form and shall contain such particulars as the Commissioners
may by regulations prescribe.
14. References in this Schedule to registration are references to
registration in a register kept by the Commissioners for the purposes
ofthis Part of this Act.
Section 5.
SCHEDULE 2
MATTERS TO BE TREATED AS SUPPLY OF GOODS
1. Where goods acquired or produced by a taxable person in
the course of a business carried on by him are applied by him to
the personal use of himself or any other person they shall be deemed
to be supplied by him in the course of that business.
2. Where goods acquired or produced by a taxable person in the
course of a business carried on by him are, under any power
exercisable by another person, sold by the other person in or towards
satisfaction of a debt owed by the taxable person they shall be
deemed to be supplied by the taxable person in the course of that
business.
3. Where a person ceases to be a taxable person, any goods then
forming part of the assets of a business carried on by him shall be
deemed to be supplied by him in the course of that business
immediately before he ceases to be a taxable person, unless-
( a ) the business is transferred as a going concern to another
taxable person ; or
( b) the business is carried on by another person who, under
regulations made under section 23(3) of this Act, is treated
as a taxable person.
Finance Act 1972 669
c.41
SCHEDULE 3
Section 10 (6 ).
VALUE OF SUPPLY-SPECIAL CASES
1. Where it appears to the Commissioners-
( a ) that a taxable person has supplied goods or services for a
consideration in money the amount of which has been
determined with a view to securing a reduction of liability
to tax; and
( b ) that it is likely that goods or services will be similarly
supplied by him ; and
( c ) that it is necessary for the protection of the revenue to
exercise their powers under this paragraph ;
they may by notice in writing give directions to that person for
securing that the value by reference to which tax is charged on any
supply by him of goods or services after the giving of the notice or
after such later date as may be specified therein is not less than the
openmarket value of the supply.
2. Where it appears to the Commissioners-
( a ) that a taxable person carries on his business or part of his
business by supplying to a number of individuals goods to
be sold, whether by them or others, by retail ; and
( b ) that those individuals are not taxable persons ; and
( c ) that it is necessary for the protection of the revenue to
exercise their powers under this paragraph ;
they may by notice in writing give directions to the taxable person
for securing that the value by reference to which tax is charged
on any such supply by him after the giving of the notice or after
such later date as may be specified therein shall be determined as
if the consideration given by any such individual for the supply
were equal to the price at which the goods are sold by retail .
3. Where goods are supplied in pursuance of an agreement with
respect to which the requirements of section 7 of the Hire-Purchase 1965 c . 66.
Act 1965, section 7 of the Hire-Purchase ( Scotland ) Act 1965 1965 c. 67.
or section 7 of the Hire-Purchase Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1966 1966 c. 42 ( N.I.) .
are complied with the consideration for the supply shall be taken for
the purposes of this Part of this Act to be the cash price stated in
the agreement.
4. Where goods or services are supplied for a consideration in
money which is to be reduced if payment is made immediately or
within a specified time the consideration shall be taken for the
purposes of this Part of this Act as so reduced whether or not
payment is so made.
5. Where a right to receive goods or services for an amount stated
on any token, stamp or voucher is granted for a consideration, the
consideration shall be disregarded for the purposes of this Part of
this Act except to the extent ( if any ) that it exceeds that amount.
6. Where a supply is a gift of goods or a supply deemed to be
made under paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to this Act, the value of
the supply shall be taken to be the cost of the goods to the person
making the supply ; except that if that cost does not exceed £10
and the supply is a gift its value shall be taken to be nil .
670 Finance Act 1972
с.41
SCH. 3
7. Where a supply of services consists in the provision of accom-
modation in a hotel, inn, boarding house or similar establishment
for a period exceeding four weeks-
(a ) the value of so much of the supply as is in excess of
four weeks shall be taken to be reduced to such part
thereof as is attributable to facilities other than the right
to occupy the accommodation ; and
( b) that part shall be taken to be not less than 20 per cent.
8. A direction under paragraph 1 or paragraph 2 of this Schedule
may be varied or withdrawn by the Commissioners by a further
direction given by notice in writing.
Section 12 .
SCHEDULE 4
ZERO- RATING
GROUP 1-FOOD
The supply of anything comprised in the general items set out
below, except-
( a ) a supply in the course of catering ; and
(b) a supply of anything comprised in any of the excepted items
set out below, unless it is also comprised in any of the
items overriding the exceptions set out below which relates
to that excepted item .
General items
ItemNo.
1 .
2.
3 .
4 .
Food of a kind used for human consumption .
Animal feeding stuffs .
Seeds or other means of propagation of plants comprised
in item 1 or 2.
Live animals of a kind generally used as, or yielding or
producing, food for human consumption.
Excepted items
ItemNo.
1 .
2.
Ice cream, ice lollies, frozen yoghurt, water ices and similar
frozen products, and prepared mixes and powders for
making such products .
Chocolates, sweets and similar confectionery (including
drained glacé or crystallized fruits) ; and chocolate
biscuits and other confectionery having a case or coating
of chocolate courverture, but not including cakes in such
a case or coating.
c .41
Finance Act 1972 671
3.
4 .
5 .
6.
Beverages chargeable with any duty of customs or excise
specifically charged on spirits, beer, wine or British wine
and preparations thereof .
Other manufactured beverages, including fruit juices and
bottled waters, and syrups, concentrates, essences, powders,
crystals or other products for the preparation of beverages .
Any of the following when packaged for human consump-
tion without further preparation, namely, potato crisps,
potato sticks, potato puffs and similar products made
from the potato, or from potato flour, or from potato
starch, and savoury food products obtained by the
swelling of cereals or cereal products ; and salted or
roasted nuts other than nuts in shell .
Pet foods, canned, packaged or prepared ; packaged foods
( not being pet foods) for birds other than poultry or
game ; and biscuits and meal for cats and dogs.
Items overriding the exceptions
ItemNo.
1.
2.
4 . Chocolate couverture not prepared or put up for retail sale.
Drained cherries.
3. Candied peels.
Tea, maté, herbal teas and similar products, and prepaга-
tions and extracts thereof.
5.
Cocoa, coffee and chicory and other roasted coffee substitutes
and preparations and extracts thereof.
6.
Preparations and extracts of meat, yeast, egg or milk .
Notes :
( 1 ) " Food " includes drink.
( 2 ) " Animal " includes bird, fish, crustacean and mollusc.
(3) A supply of anything in the course of catering includes any
supply of it for consumption on the premises on which it is
supplied .
( 4 ) Items 1 to 3 of the items overriding the exceptions relate to item
2 of the excepted items and items 4 to 6 of the items overriding the
exceptions relate to item 4 of the excepted items.
GROUP 2 -WATER
SCH. 4
Item No.
1.
Water other than-
(a ) distilled water ; and
( b ) water comprised in the excepted items set out in
Group 1.
c. 41
672 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 4
GROUP 3-BOOKS, ETC.
ItemNo.
1 .
2 .
3 .
4 .
5. 6 .
Books, booklets, brochures, pamphlets and leaflets .
Newspapers, journals and periodicals .
Children's picture books and painting books.
Music ( printed, duplicated or manuscript ).
Maps, charts and topographical plans.
Covers, cases and other articles supplied with items 1 to 5
and not separately accounted for.
Note : This Group does not include plans or drawings for indus-
trial, architectural, engineering, commercial or similar purposes .
GROUP 4 -TALKING BOOKS FOR THE BLIND
Item No.
1 .
The supply to the Royal National Institute for the Blind of-
( a ) magnetic tape specially adapted for the record-
ing and reproduction of speech for the blind ;
( b) tape recorders designed for the reproduction of
sound from such tape ;
( c ) parts and accessories for goods comprised in para-
graphs (a ) and (b) above.
GROUP 5-NEWSPAPER ADVERTISEMENTS
Item No.
1 .
2 .
3 .
The publication in any newspaper, journal or periodical
of any advertisement.
The preparation of any advertisement intended for publica-
tion solely or mainly in one or more newspapers,
journals or periodicals .
The supply of services for the purpose of securing such a
publication or a preparation as is mentioned in item
1 or 2.
GROUP 6 -NEWS SERVICES
ItemNo.
1 .
The supply to newspapers or to the public of information
of a kind published in newspapers .
Note : This item does not include the supply of photographs .
GROUP 7-FUEL AND POWER
Item No.
1 . 2 .
3.
Coal, coke and other solid mineral fuels .
Coal gas, water gas, producer gases and similar gases.
Petroleum gases and other gaseous hydrocarbons, whether
in a gaseous or liquid state .
с. 41
Finance Act 1972 673
4 .
5 .
ItemNo.
1 .
2 .
3.
Hydrocarbon oil, petrol substitutes and power methylated
SCH. 4
spirits (within the meaning of the Hydrocarbon Oil 1971 c. 12.
( Customs and Excise ) Act 1971 ).
Electricity, heat and air-conditioning.
GROUP 8 -CONSTRUCTION OF BUILDINGS, ETC.
The granting, by a person constructing a building, of amajor
interest in , or in any part of, the building or its site.
The supply, in the course of the construction, alteration or
demolition of any building or of any civil engineering
work, of any services other than the services of an
architect, surveyor or any person acting as consultant or
in a supervisory capacity.
The supply, in connection with a supply of services falling
within item 2, of materials or of builder's hardware,
sanitary ware or other articles of a kind ordinarily in-
stalled by builders as fixtures.
Notes:
( 1) Item 2 does not include any work of repair or maintenance or
the supply of any services to a person who himself supplies such
services as are mentioned therein or who, in the course of a business
consisting wholly or mainly in the construction, alteration or demoli-
tion of buildings or civil engineering works, carries out the construc-
tion, alteration or demolition on land in which he owns a major
interest .
( 2) " Major interest " has the same meaning as in section 5( 6 )
of this Act .
( 3) Section 12( 3) of this Act does not apply to goods forming
part of adescription of supply in this Group.
GROUP 9-SERVICES TO OVERSEAS TRADERS OR FOR
OVERSEAS PURPOSES
ItemNo.
1 .
Any services supplied by an agent to his principal if the
principal is an overseas trader or overseas resident.
2 . The application of any treatment or process to goods
imported on behalf of an overseas trader or overseas
resident for subsequent re-export and in fact re- exported .
3. The preparation, publication or dissemination of any adver-
tisement on behalf of an overseas trader or an overseas
authority .
4 . The supply of any services for the purpose of securing the
preparation, publication or dissemination of any advertise-
ment on behalf of an overseas trader or an overseas
authority.
Y
c .41
674 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 4 5 .
1952 с. 44.
The supply, in such circumstances as may nay be specified by
order of the Treasury, of such services comprised in Group
2 or Group 5 of Schedule 5 to this Act as may be so
specified .
6. The supply to an overseas trader or overseas resident of any
services not used in the United Kingdom and not included
in items 1 to 5 of this Group nor in any Group in Schedule
5 to this Act.
7. The supply to an overseas authority of any services not
comprised in item 5 of this Group nor in any Group in
Schedule 5 to this Act.
8.
The supply to an overseas trader of services consisting of the
storage at or transport to or from a port or customs airport
( within the meanings of the Customs and Excise Act 1952)
of goods which respectively are to be exported or have
been imported or of the handling or storage of such goods
in connection with such transport.
9.
The preparation of plans and specifications for construc-
tion operations outside the United Kingdom.
10.
The granting, assignment or surrender of any right exeг-
cisable outside the United Kingdom.
Notes:
( 1) For the purposes of this Group a person is an overseas trader
if he carries on a business and has his place of business or principal
place of business outside the United Kingdom.
(2 ) Overseas authority means any country other than the United
Kingdom or any part of or place in such a country or the Government
of any such country, part or place.
( 3) Overseas resident means a person who is not resident in the
United Kingdom.
( 4 ) Items 3 and 4 do not apply where the overseas trader is a
person, or the agent or subsidiary of a person, who carries on a
business in the United Kingdom or is resident or ( if a company )
incorporated in the United Kingdom.
( 5 ) Items 3, 4 and 7 do not include the supply of any services to
any agency or establishment in the United Kingdom.
GROUP 10 -TRANSPORT
Item No.
1 .
The supply, repair or maintenance of any ship which is
2 .
neither-
( a ) a ship of a gross tonnage of less than 15 tons ; nor
(b) a ship designed or adapted for use for recreation
or pleasure.
The supply, repair or maintenance of any aircraft which is
neither-
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 675
3 .
4 .
5 .
6 .
7.
8 .
9.
10.
( a ) an aircraft of a weight of less than eighteen
thousand pounds ; nor
( b ) an aircraft designed or adapted for use for recrea-
tion or pleasure.
The supply to and repair or maintenance for the Royal
National Lifeboat Institution of any lifeboat.
Transport of passengers-
( a ) in any vehicle, ship or aircraft designed or adapted
to carry not less than twelve passengers ; or
( b ) by the Post Office ; or
( c ) on any scheduled flight.
Transport of passengers or freight outside the United King-
dom or to or from a place outside the United Kingdom.
Any services provided for the handling of ships or aircraft
in a port or customs airport or for the handling, in a port
or customs airport or on land adjacent to a port, of goods
carried in a ship or aircraft .
Pilotage services .
Salvage or towage services.
Any services supplied within or outside the United King-
dom for or in connection with the surveying of any ship
or aircraft or the classification of any ship or aircraft for
the purposes of any register.
The making of arrangements for the supply of, or of space
in, any ship or aircraft or for the supply of any service
included in items 1 to 9.
SCH. 4
Notes :
( 1) " Port " and " customs airport " have the same meanings as
in the Customs and Excise Act 1952.
( 2) The supply of any ship or aircraft includes the supply of any
services under a charter of the ship or aircraft .
(3) " Lifeboat " includes any ship used as a lifeboat.
1952 с. 44.
GROUP 11-CARAVANS
Item No.
1 .
Caravans exceeding the limits of size for the time being
permitted for the use of trailers on roads .
Note:
This item does not include removable contents other than
goods of a kind mentioned in Item 3 ofGroup 8.
Item No.
1 . 2 . GROUP 12 -GOLD
The supply of any gold bullion.
The supply of gold coins by an authorised dealer in gold
to another such dealer.
Y2
676 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH . 4
1947 с. 14.
1954 с. 61.
1925 c. 8 ( Ν.Ι.) ,
Section 13.
Notes:
(1) " Authorised dealer in gold " means a person for the time being
authorised by an order of the Treasury under the Exchange Control
Act 1947 to act for the purposes of that Act as an authorised dealer
in relation to gold; and " gold bullion means any newly mined
gold and refined bar gold or gold grain of not less than 995
millesimal fineness.
( 2) Section 12( 3) of this Act does not apply to gold coins.
GROUP 13-BANK NOTES
Item No.
1. The issue by a bank of a note payable to bearer on demand .
GROUP 14 -DRUGS, MEDICINES AND APPLIANCES SUPPLIED ON
PRESCRIPTION
Item No.
1 . The supply of any goods dispensed, by a person registered
in the register of pharmaceutical chemists kept under the
Pharmacy Act 1954 or the Pharmacy and Poisons Act
( Northern Ireland ) 1925, on the prescription of a person
registered in the register of medical practitioners, the
register of temporarily registered medical practitioners
or the dentists' register.
Note: Section 12( 3) of this Act does not apply to goods forming
part of this description of supply.
SCHEDULE 5
EXEMPTIONS
GROUP 1-LAND
ItemNo.
1.
The grant, assignment or surrender of any interest in or
right over land or of any licence to occupy land, other
than-
( a ) the provision of accommodation in a hotel, inn,
boarding house or similar establishment or in a
house, flat or caravan used wholly or mainly for
the provision of holiday accommodation ;
( b) the granting of facilities for camping in tents or
caravans ;
( c ) the granting of facilities for parking a vehicle ; and
( d ) the granting of any right to take game or fish.
GROUP 2 -INSURANCE
ItemNo.
1. 2 .
The provision of insurance of any description.
The making of arrangements for the provision of any
insurance.
GROUP 3-POSTAL SERVICES
Item No.
1 .
The conveyance of postal packets by the Post Office.
Finance Act 1972 677
c.41
2 . The supply by the Post Office of any services in connection
SCH. 5
with the conveyance of postal packets.
Note: " Postal packet " has the same meaning as in the Post 1953 c. 36.
Office Act 1953, except that it does not include a telegram.
GROUP 4 -BETTING, GAMING AND LOTTERIES
Item No.
1. 2.
The provision of any facilities for the placing of bets or
the playing of any games of chance.
' The granting of a right to take part in alottery.
Notes :
(1) Item 1 does not include-
( a ) admission to any premises ; or
(b) the granting of a right to take part in a game in respect of
which a charge may be made by virtue of regulations under
section 14 of the Gaming Act 1968 ; or
(c) the provision by a club of such facilities to its members as
are available to them on payment of their subscription but
without further charge.
(2 ) " Game of chance " has the same meaning as in the Gaming
Act 1968.
1968 с. 65.
"
( 3 ) " Lottery includes any competition for prizes which is
authorised by a licence under the Pool Competitions Act 1971 .
1971 с. 57.
GROUP 5 -FINANCE
Item No.
1 .
The issue, transfer or receipt of , or any dealing with, money,
any security for money or any note or order for the pay-
ment of money.
2 .
The making of any advance or the granting of any credit.
3 .
The making of arrangements for any transaction comprised
in item 1 or 2.
4 .
The issue, transfer or receipt of , or any dealing with, any
security or secondary security within the definition in
section 42 of the Exchange Control Act 1947.
5 .
The operation of any current, deposit or savings account.
Note : Item 1 does not include anything included in Item 4.
1947 с. 14.
GROUP 6 -EDUCATION
Item No.
1. The provision of education if-
(a ) it is provided by a school or university ; or
(b) it is of a kind provided by a school or university
and is provided otherwise than for profit.
Y3
678 Finance Act 1972
с .41
SCH. 5 2 .
3 .
4 .
The supply of any goods or services incidental to the pro-
vision of any education included in item 1 .
The provision of any instruction supplemental to the pro-
vision of any education included in item 1.
The provision by a youth club of the facilities available to
its members.
Notes:
"
( 1 ) " School means any institution providing primary or
secondary education or both within the meaning of the Education
Acts 1944 to 1971 , the Education (Scotland ) Acts 1939 to 1971 or
the Education Acts ( Northern Ireland ) 1947 to 1971.
( 2 ) " Education " includes training in any form of art.
( 3) " University " includes a university college and the college
school or hall of a university.
1958 с. 32.
1960 с. 66.
1957 с. 15.
1951 с. 55.
1970 c. 11 ( N.Ι.).
1951 с. 53.
1951 с. 54.
1970 c. 11 ( Ν.Ι.).
1957 с. 28.
1968 с. 50.
GROUP 7-HEALTH
ItemNo.
1 .
2 .
The supply of services and, in connection with it , the
supply of goods, by a person registered or enrolled in
any of the following : -
(a ) the register of medical practitioners or the register
of temporarily registered medical practitioners ;
(b ) the dentists' register ;
( c ) either of the registers of ophthalmic opticians or
the register of dispensing opticians kept under the
Opticians Act 1958 or either of the lists kept
under section 4 of that Act of bodies corporate
carrying on business as ophthalmic opticians or
as dispensing opticians ;
(d ) any register kept under the Professions Supple-
mentary to Medicine Act 1960 ;
( e ) the register of nurses or the roll of nurses main-
tained in pursuance of section 2(1) of the Nurses
Act 1957 or kept under section 2 or section 3
of the Nurses (Scotland) Act 1951 or section 17(1)
of the Nurses and Midwives Act ( Northern Ire-
land ) 1970 ;
( f ) the roll of certified midwives kept under section 2
of the Midwives Act 1951 , section 3 of the Mid-
wives (Scotland) Act 1951 or section 17(1 ) of the
Nurses and Midwives Act (Northern Ireland ) 1970 ;
( g) any roll of ancillary dental workers established
under section 41 of the Dentists Act 1957 ;
( h ) the register of dispensers of hearing aids and the
register of persons employing such dispensers main-
tained under section 2 of the Hearing Aid Council
Act 1968 .
The supply of any goods or services by a dental technician.
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 679
3 .
4 .
Item No.
1 .
2 . The supply of any services by a person registered in the
SCH. 5
register of pharmaceutical chemists kept under the 1954 с. 61.
Pharmacy Act 1954 or the Pharmacy and Poisons Act 1925 c. 8 ( N.I. ).
( Northern Ireland ) 1925.
The provision of care or medical or surgical treatment and ,
in connection with it, the supply of any goods, in any
hospital or other institution approved, licensed, registered
or exempted from registration by any Minister or other
authority .
GROUP 8 -BURIAL AND CREMATION
The disposal of the remains of the dead.
The making of arrangements for or in connection with the
disposal of the remains of the dead.
SCHEDULE 6
CONSTITUTION AND PROCEDURE OF VALUE ADDED TAX
TRIBUNALS
Establishment of Value Added Tax Tribunals
1. Value added tax tribunals shall be established for England and
Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland respectively.
The President
2.- (1) There shall be a President of Value Added Tax Tribunals,
who shall perform the functions conferred on him by the following
provisions of this Schedule in relation to value added tax tribunals
in any part of the United Kingdom.
( 2 ) The President shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor and
shall be a barrister, advocate or solicitor of not less than ten years'
standing .
3.- (1) The President may resign his office at any time and shall
vacate his office at the end of the completed year of service in
which he attains the age of seventy-two.
( 2 ) The Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks fit, remove the Presi-
dent from office on the ground of incapacity or misbehaviour.
( 3) The functions of the President may, if he is for any reason
unable to act or his office is vacant, be discharged by a person
nominated for the purpose by the Lord Chancellor.
( 4 ) There shall be paid to the President such salary or fees and
there may be paid to or in respect of a former President such pen-
sion, as the Treasury may with the approval of the Minister for the
Civil Service determine.
( 5 ) If a person ceases to be President of Value Added Tax Tribunals
and it appears to the Treasury that there are special circumstances
which make it right that he should receive compensation and the
Minister for the Civil Service approves, there may be paid to that
person a sum of such amount as the Treasury may, with the approval
of that Minister, determine.
Y4
Section 40.
680 Finance Act 1972
c.41
SCH. 6 Sittings of tribunals
4. Such number of value added tax tribunals shall be established as
the President may from time to time with the consent of the Treasury
determine, and they shall sit at such times and at such places as he
may from time to time determine.
Composition of tribunals
5. ( 1 ) A value added tax tribunal shall consist of a chairman
sitting either with two other members or with one other member or
alone.
( 2 ) If the tribunal does not consist of the chairman sitting alone
its decisions may be taken by a majority of votes and the chairman,
if sitting with one other member, shall have a casting vote.
Membership of tribunals
6. For each sitting of a value added tax tribunal the chairman
shall be either the President or a person selected by him from a
panel constituted in accordance with paragraph 7 of this Schedule ;
and any other member shall be a person so selected.
7.- (1) There shall be a panel of chairmen and a panel of other
members of value added tax tribunals for England and Wales, Scot-
land and Northern Ireland respectively.
(2) Each panel of chairmen shall include one or more full - time
chairmen, including one to be known as Vice-President of Value
Added Tax Tribunals .
( 3) A member of a panel appointed as full- time chairman shall
be appointed—
( a ) for England and Wales, by the Lord Chancellor ;
( b) for Scotland , by the Lord President of the Court of Session ;
and
( c) for Northern Ireland, by the Lord Chief Justice of Northern
Ireland ;
and all other members of a panel shall be appointed by the
Treasury .
( 4) There shall be paid to a full-time chairman of value added
tax tribunals such salary or fees, and to other members such fees,
as the Treasury, with the approval of the Minister for the Civil
Service, may determine ; and there may be paid to or in respect of a
former full-time chairman of value added tax tribunals such pension
as the Treasury may, with that approval, determine.
( 5) If a person ceases to be a full-time chairman of value added tax
tribunals and it appears to the Treasury that there are special circum-
stances which make it right that he should receive compensation and
the Minister for the Civil Service approves, there may be paid to that
person a sum of such amount as the Treasury may, with the approval
of that Minister, determine.
Finance Act 1972 681
c.41
Disqualifications for membership of House of Commons
SCH. 6
and exemption from jury service
8. In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disquali- 1957 с. 20.
fication Act 1957 (bodies of which all members are disqualified for
membership) and in that Part as it applies by virtue of Schedule 3
to that Act in relation to the Senate and House of Commons of
Northern Ireland, there shall be inserted at the appropriate place
the words "A value added tax tribunal ".
9. No member of a value added tax tribunal shall be compelled to
serve on any jury.
Rules of procedure
10. The Commissioners may make rules with respect to the pro-
cedure to be followed on appeals to value added tax tribunals and
such rules may include provisions-
( a ) for limiting the time within which appeals may be brought;
(b) for enabling hearings to be held in private in such circum-
stances as may be determined by or under the rules ;
( c ) for parties to proceedings to be represented by such persons
as may be determined by or under the rules ;
( d ) for requiring persons to attend to give evidence and pro-
duce documents ;
( e) for the payment of expenses and allowances to persons
attending as witnesses ;
( f ) for the award and recovery of costs ; and
( g) for authorising the administration of oaths to witnesses .
SCHEDULE 7
CAR TAX
Interpretation
1. In this Schedule " authorised person " means any person acting
under the authority of the Commissioners, " the Commissioners "
means the Commissioners of Customs and Excise, " the tax " means
car tax and " chargeable vehicle " and ( in relation to vehicles) " regi-
stered " have the same meanings as in section 52 of this Act; and
references to the making of a chargeable vehicle shall be construed as
in that section.
Section 52.
Administration and collection of tax
2.- (1 ) The tax shall be under the care and management of the
Commissioners.
( 2 ) All money and securities for money collected or received for or
on account of the tax shall-
( a ) if collected or received in Great Britain , be placed to the
general account of the Commissioners kept at the Bank of
England under section 11 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 c. 44.
1952;
c .41
682 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 7
1920 с. 67 .
1968 с. 2.
( b ) if collected or received in Northern Ireland, be paid into the
Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom in such manner
as the Treasury may direct.
( 3) The Government of Ireland Act 1920 shall have effect as if the
tax were one of the taxes mentioned in section 22(1) of that Act
( reserved taxes).
( 4 ) The Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968 shall be amended
by inserting in subsection (1) of section 1, after the words " value
added tax " the words " car tax "; and the Act as so amended shall
apply in relation to a resolution of the House of Commons passed
before 1st April 1974 and providing for any variation of the tax as it
applies in relation to such a resolution as is mentioned in subsection
( 2 ) (a ) of that section.
Liability to and payment oftax
3. Subject to paragraph 6 of this Schedule, the tax on any vehicle
shall be payable-
(a ) if the vehicle is made or imported by a person registered
under this Schedule, by that person; and
( b ) in any other case by the person who for the purposes of the
registration of the vehicle is treated as the person keeping
the vehicle.
4.- (1) Where tax on a vehicle is payable by a person registered under
this Schedule, it shall become due-
( a ) if the vehicle is appropriated to the use of that person, at the
time when it is so appropriated;
( b) if it is delivered under an agreement providing for its sale or
return, at the time when, in accordance with the agreement,
it ceases to be the property of that person or when it is treated
for the purposes of the tax as so ceasing to be his property
in pursuance of regulations made under this Schedule ;
( c ) in any other case, when it is sent out from the premises of
that person;
and shall become payable at the time provided for by those regulations.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this paragraph, a vehicle which is to be
sold by retail by a person registered under this Schedule shall be
deemed to be sent out from the premises of that person when it is
sent to the place from which it is to be sold.
5. Where tax on a vehicle is payable as mentioned in paragraph 3(b)
of this Schedule it shall become due and payable before the vehicle
isregistered.
6.- (1) Where a chargeable vehicle is made by the conversion of a
vehicle which is not a chargeable vehicle and the person converting it
is not registered under this Schedule, the tax on the vehicle shall become
due-
( a ) at the time the conversion is completed; or
c .41
Finance Act 1972 683
( b ) at the time when the vehicle is first used after the conversion
was begun;
whichever is the earlier, and shall be payable by the person who is
the owner of the vehicle at the time the tax becomes due; except
that if at that time a person other than the owner is entitled to
possession of the vehicle under a hire-purchase agreement the tax shall
be payable by that person instead ofby the owner.
( 2 ) Where another person carries out the conversion under a contract
to the order of the person by whom the tax is payable he shall be
accountable for the tax as well as that person but may recover from
him any tax paid in pursuance of this sub-paragraph.
Relieffor vehicles exported
7. Tax shall not be charged on any vehicle which is shown to the
satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been exported and not to
have been registered before it was exported or which is to be exported
under arrangements approved by the Commissioners and is not
registered.
Remission of tax on vehicles acquiredfor export
8.- (1 ) Where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners
that a person who acquires a chargeable vehicle is only temporarily in
the United Kingdom or is about to become resident outside the United
Kingdom the Commissioners may, subject to such conditions as they
think necessary for the protection of the revenue, remit the tax on the
vehicle.
( 2 ) If tax has been remitted on a vehicle under sub-paragraph (1) of
this paragraph and-
(a ) the vehicle is found in the United Kingdom after the date by
which the Commissioners on granting the remission directed
that it should be exported; or
( b) any other condition imposed by the Commissioners under that
sub-paragraph is not complied with ;
and the presence of the vehicle in the United Kingdom after that date
or the non-observance of that condition has not been authorised for
the purposes of this sub-paragraph by the Commissioners, the tax
which would have been payable but for the remission shall become
payable forthwith by the person by whom the vehicle was acquired
or by any other person in whose possession the vehicle is found in the
United Kingdom, and shall be recoverable as a debt due to the Crown,
unless, or except to the extent that , the Commissioners see fit to waive
payment of the whole or part thereof.
Remission of tax on vehicles used outside United Kingdom
9.- (1 ) Regulations under this Schedule may make provision for
enabling the Commissioners to remit the tax on a chargeable vehicle,
subject to such conditions as they think necessary for the protection of
the revenue, where the vehicle has been used and owned outside the
United Kingdom for not less than such period as may be prescribed
by the regulations and such other conditions are satisfied as may be
so prescribed ; and the conditions that may be imposed in pursuance
of the regulations may include conditions prohibiting or restricting
the disposal of the vehicle for such period as may be so prescribed .
SCH. 7
684 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH . 7 ( 2 ) If tax has been remitted on a vehicle under sub-paragraph ( 1)
of this paragraph and any condition imposed by the Commissioners
under that sub-paragraph is not complied with, the tax which would
have been payable but for the remission shall be payable forthwith by
the person who then owns the vehicle or by any other person in whose
possession the vehicle is found, and shall be recoverable as a debt due
to the Crown, unless, or except to the extent that, the Commissioners
see fit to waive payment of the whole or part thereof.
Remission of tax on chargeable vehicles converted into
other vehicles
10. Where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners
that, under arrangements approved by them, an unused vehicle which
was a chargeable vehicle has been converted into a vehicle which is
not a chargeable vehicle, they may, subject to such conditions as they
think necessary for the protection of the revenue, remit the tax on
the vehicle.
Wholesale value
11 .- (1) For the purposes of the tax the wholesale value of any vehicle
shall be taken, subject to paragraph 13( 2 ) of this Schedule, to be the
price which, in the opinion of the Commissioners, the vehicle would
fetch on a sale made at the time the tax becomes due by a person sell-
ing by wholesale in the open market in the United Kingdom to a
retail trader carrying on business in the United Kingdom only, on
the assumption that-
( a) the price was the sole consideration for the sale; and
( b) the vehicle was to be delivered to the retail trader at the seller's
place ofbusiness ; and
(c ) neither the tax nor value added tax was payable.
( 2 ) In this paragraph " retail trader " means a person who sells by
retail and does not sell to a person who carries on a business of selling
vehicles.
Disputes as to wholesale value
12.- (1 ) Where the person by whom the tax is payable is dissatisfied
with the determination of the wholesale value by the Commissioners
he may, within such period from the time when their decision is
communicated to him as may be prescribed by regulations under this
Schedule or such further time as the Commissioners may allow, by
notice in writing given to the Commissioners require the determination
to be referred to the arbitration of a person appointed under this
paragraph, whose decision shall be final and conclusive; but no such
reference shall be made unless, within that period or such further time
as the Commissioners may allow, the person requiring the reference
has deposited with the Commissioners the amount of tax which would
be due on the basis of their determination.
( 2 ) If the tax chargeable as a result of a reference under this
paragraph is less than the amount deposited with the Commissioners
the excess shall be repaid with interest at such rate as the referee may
determine.
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 685
( 3) A referee for the purposes of this paragraph shall be appointed
by the Lord Chancellor except that-
( a ) if the person by whom the tax is payable has his principal
place of business in Scotland, the referee shall be appointed
by the Lord President of the Court of Session ; and
( b) if that person has his principal place of business in Northern
Ireland , the referee shall be appointed by the Lord Chief
Justice of Northern Ireland.
Unfinished vehicles
13.- (1 ) For the purposes of the tax a vehicle which is not finished
and completebut which, if finished and complete, would be a chargeable
vehicle shall be treated as a chargeable vehicle.
( 2 ) If in the opinion of the Commissioners a vehicle is not finished
and complete, they shall determine its wholesale value as if it were
finished and complete, having regard to the parts and accessories that
remain to be provided and the processes that remain to be undergone
for the vehicle to be in a state to be expected of a finished and complete
chargeable vehicle .
Converted and adapted vehicles
14. Where it appears to the Commissioners that a person adapts or
converts unused chargeable vehicles and that the vehicles as so adapted
or converted remain chargeable vehicles they may direct-
( a ) that the conversion or adaptation shall for the purposes of
the tax be treated as the making of the vehicles resulting
from it, whether or not it would otherwise fall to be so treated;
and
( b) that, subject to such conditions as they think necessary for the
protection of the revenue, tax shall not be charged on vehicles
delivered to that person, under arrangements approved by
the Commissioners, by a person registered under this
Schedule;
and where they so direct that person shall, while the direction is in
force, be liable to be registered under this Schedule, whether or not
he would otherwise be so liable.
Registration ofmakers and importers ofchargeable vehicles
15.- (1 ) A person who, in any calendar year, makes or imports not
less than ten chargeable vehicles is liable to be registered by the
Commissioners.
( 2 ) Every person who, on or after 1st October 1972, is liable to be
registered under this paragraph and is not for the time being so
registered shall notify the Commissioners of the fact within fourteen
days of that date or of becoming so liable, whichever is the later; and
the Commissioners may, if they think fit , register any such person.
( 3) Aperson for the time being registered under this paragraph who
ceases to make or import chargeable vehicles shall notify the Commis-
sioners of that fact and the Commissioners shall cancel the registration
of any such person when all tax due from him has been accounted for;
and they may, if they think fit, cancel the registration of any other
person.
SCH. 7
c . 41
686 Finance Act 1972
SCH . 7 ( 4 ) The Treasury may from time to time by order madeby statutory
instrument substitute another number for that specified in sub-
paragraph (1) of this paragraph.
A statutory instrument made by virtue of this sub- paragraph shall
be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons
House of Parliament.
Recovery of tax
16.- (1) The tax due from any person shall be recoverable as a debt
due to the Crown.
( 2 ) Regulations under this Schedule may make provision for
authorising distress to be levied on the goods and chattels of any
person refusing or neglecting to pay any tax due from him, and for the
disposal of any goods or chattels on which distress is levied in pursuance
of the regulations.
( 3) In the application of the preceding sub-paragraph to Scotland,
for the references to the levying of distress on any goods or chattels
there shall be substituted references to the doing ofdiligence on goods
and corporeal movables.
Power of Commissioners to assess tax due
17.- (1) Where an amount is due from any person on account of
the tax, but by reason of his failure to keep or to produce or furnish
any records, accounts or other documents as required by or under
this Schedule, or of his failure to take or permit to be taken any other
step so required, or by reason of such records, accounts or other
documents being materially incomplete or inaccurate, the Commis-
sioners are unable to ascertain the exact amount of tax due from him,
the Commissioners may assess the amount due from him to the best
of their judgment and notify it to him.
( 2 ) An assessment under this paragraph of an amount of tax due
shall not be made after the later of the following : -
( a ) two years after the time when the amount became payable; or
( b) one year after evidence of facts, sufficient in the opinion of
the Commissioners to justify the making of the assessment,
comes to their knowledge ;
but may, where further such evidence comes to their knowledge after
the making of such an assessor ent, be made in addition to that assess-
ment; but no such assessment shall be made more than six years
after the time when the tax became payable, except for the purpose of
recovering tax lost to the Crown through the fraud or wilful default
or neglect of any person.
( 3) An amount assessed and notified under this paragraph shall be
recoverable as an amount of tax due unless in any action relating
thereto the person liable proves the amount actually due and that
amount is less than the amount assessed.
Finance Act 1972 687
c .41
Priority of tax in bankruptcy, winding-up, etc.
SCH. 7
18.- (1 ) There shall be included among the debts which-
( a ) under section 33 of the Bankruptcy Act 1914 are to be paid in 1914 c. 59.
priority to all other debts in the distribution of the property
of a bankrupt or person dying insolvent; or
( b ) under section 118 of the Bankruptcy ( Scotland ) Act 1913 are 1913 с. 20.
to be paid in priority to all other debts in the division of a
bankrupt's estate; or
( c ) under section 1 of the Preferential Payments (Bankruptcies 1964 c. 32.
and Arrangements) Act ( Northern Ireland) 1964 are to be (N.I.)
paid in priority to all other debts in the distribution of the
property of a bankrupt, arranging debtor or person dying
insolvent; or
( d ) under section 319 of the Companies Act 1948 or section 287 1948 с. 38.
ofthe Companies Act (Northern Ireland ) 1960 are to be paid 1960 c. 22.
in priority to all other debts in the winding up of a company, (N.I.)
or under section 94 of the Act of 1948 or section 92 of the
Act of 1960 are on an appointment of a receiver on behalf
of debenture holders or taking of possession by or on behalf
of debenture holders to be paid in priority to any claim for
principal or interest in respect of the debenture ;
the amount of any tax due at the relevant date from the bankrupt,
debtor, person dying or company and having become due within
twelve months next before that date.
( 2 ) In this paragraph " the relevant date "—
( a ) in relation to section 33 of the Act of 1914, means the date of
the receiving order or of the death, as the case may be;
( b ) in relation to section 118 of the Act of 1913, means the date
mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) of that section ;
( c ) in relation to section 1 of the Act of 1964, means the date of
the order of adjudication, the date of the filing of a petition
for arrangement or of the death, as the case may be; and
( d ) in relation to section 319 of the Act of 1948, or section 287 of
the Act of 1960, has the meaning assigned to it by that section,
and in relation to section 94 of the Act of 1948 or section 92
of the Act of 1960, means the date of the appointment of the
receiver or taking of possession.
Records, accounts and returns
19.- (1) A person registered under this Schedule shall-
( a ) keep such records and accounts and preserve them for such
period as may be prescribed by regulations under this Schedule
or as the Commissioners may direct either generally or in any
particular case ;
( b) if so required by or on behalf of the Commissioners, produce,
at a time and place specified in the requirement , such records
or accounts relating to the chargeable vehicles made or
imported by him as maybe so specified; and
688 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH. 7 ( c ) make such returns of the chargeable vehicles made or imported
by him and of the amounts of tax for which he is accountable
as may be prescribed by regulations under this Schedule.
( 2) A person who, in the course of a business carried on by him,
has chargeable vehicles delivered to him on which tax has not been
paid shall-
( a ) keep such records and preserve them for such periods as may
be prescribed by regulations under this Schedule or as the
Commissioners may direct either generally or in any particular
case ;
( b) if so required by or on behalf of the Commissioners, produce,
at a time and place specified in the requirement, such records
relating to the vehicles as may be so specified; and
( c ) make to the persons by whom the vehicles are sent such returns
ofthe vehicles ceasing or treated as ceasing to be that person's
property as may be prescribed by regulations under this
Schedule.
Giving ofinformation
20.-(1 ) Every person who is concerned (in whatever capacity) with
the making, sale, importation or exportation of chargeable vehicles
shall-
( a ) furnish to the Commissioners, within such time and in such
form as they may require, such information relating to the
vehicles or any materials used or kept for use in making
such vehicles as the Commissioners may specify; and
( b) upon demand made by an authorised person produce or cause
to be produced any documents relating to the vehicles or any
materials used or kept for use in making such vehicles for
inspection by the authorised person and shall permit him to
take copies of or to make extracts from the documents and
for that purpose to remove them at a reasonable time and
for a reasonable period.
( 2 ) Every person who converts a vehicle of another description into
a chargeable vehicle shall inform the Commissioners of that fact
forthwith unless he is a person registered under this Schedule.
Entry and search
21 .- (1 ) An authorised person may at any reasonable time enter
premises which are used in connection with the making , sale, importa-
tion or exportation of chargeable vehicles.
( 2) Where an authorised person has reasonable cause to believe that
any premises are used in connection with-
(a ) the making, sale, importation or exportation of chargeable
vehicles; or
(b ) the storage of chargeable vehicles on which tax has not been
paid ;
and that chargeable vehicles are on those premises, he may at any
reasonable time enter and inspect those premises and inspect and take
account of any vehicles or materials found on them.
c.41
Finance Act 1972 689
( 3 ) If ajustice of the peace is satisfied on information on oath that
there is reasonable ground for suspecting that an offence in connection
with the tax is being, has been, or is about to be committed on any
premises . or that evidence of the commission of such an offence is to
be found there, he may issue a warrant in writing authorising any
authorised person to enter those premises, if necessary by force, at any
time within fourteen days from the time of the issue of the warrant and
search them; and any person who enters the premises under the
authority of the warrant may-
(a ) take with him such other persons as appear to him to be
necessary;
( b ) seize and remove any documents or other things whatsoever
found on the premises which he has reasonable cause to believe
may be required as evidence for the purposes of proceedings
in respect of such an offence; and
(c ) search or cause to be searched any person found on the
premises whom he has reasonable cause to believe to have
committed or to be about to commit such an offence or to be
in possession of any such documents or other things;
but no woman or girl shall be searched except by a woman.
( 4 ) In the application of sub-paragraph ( 3) above to Scotland, the
reference to a justice of the peace includes a reference to the sheriff
and a magistrate.
Offences
22.- (1 ) If any person is knowingly concerned in, or in the taking
of steps with a view to, the fraudulent evasion of the tax by him or
any other person, he shall be liable to a penalty of £1,000 or three times
the amount of the tax, whichever is the greater, or to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding two years, or to both.
( 2 ) If any person-
( a ) with intent to deceive produces, furnishes or sends for the
purposes of this Schedule or regulations made under it or
made by virtue of paragraph 27 of this Schedule, or otherwise
makes use for those purposes of any document which is false
in a material particular; or
( b) in furnishing any information for the purposes of this Schedule
or regulations made under it makes any statement which he
knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes
a statement which is false in a material particular ; or
( c ) with intent to deceive uses or allows to be used any certificate
issued in pursuance of regulations under this Schedule ;
he shall be liable to a penalty of £1,000 or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding two years, or to both.
( 3) If any person acquires possession of , deals with or uses a charge-
able vehicle having reason to believe---
( a ) that tax on the vehicle has been or will be evaded; or
(b) that the vehicle ought to have been registered but that tax on
it has not been paid;
he shall be liable to a penalty of £1,000 or three times the amount of
the tax, whichever is the greater.
SCH. 7
690 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH. 7
1952 с. 44.
( 4 ) If a person fails to comply with any requirement imposed by or
under this Schedule or regulations made under it, he shall be liable to
a penalty of £100 together with a penalty of £10 for each day on which
the failure continues.
( 5 ) Sections 281 to 291 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952
( proceedings for offences, mitigation of penalties and certain other
matters) shall apply in relation to offences under this paragraph
( which include any act or omission in respect of which a penalty is
imposed) and penalties imposed under this Schedule as they apply in
relation to offences and penalties under the customs and excise Acts
as defined in that Act.
(6 ) Section 290( 2) of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 as it applies
by virtue ofthis paragraph shall have effect as if the question mentioned
in paragraph (a) thereof were the question whether or not tax on any
vehicle has become due or has been paid or secured.
Forfeiture
23. A chargeable vehicle shall be liable to forfeiture under the
Customs and Excise Act 1952 if-
( a ) tax on it would have become payable before its registration
and it ought to have been but has not been registered; or
( b ) tax on it ought to have been, but has not been, paid; or
( c ) tax on it has been remitted subject to a condition and the
condition has not been complied with.
Evidence by certificate
24.- (1 ) A certificate of the Commissioners-
( a ) that a person was or was not, at any date, registered under this
Schedule; or
( b) that any return required by or under this Schedule has not
been made or had not been made at any date; or
( c ) that any tax shown as due in any return or assessment made
in pursuance of this Schedule has not been paid;
shall be sufficient evidence of the fact until the contrary is proved; and
any document purporting to be such a certificate shall be deemed to be
such a certificate until the contrary is proved.
( 2) Aphotograph of any document furnished to the Commissioners
for the purposes of this Schedule and certified by them to be such a
photograph shall be admissible in any proceedings, whether civil or
criminal, to the same extent as the document itself .
( 3) Any document purporting to be a certificate under sub-
paragraph ( 2) of this paragraph shall be deemed to be such a certificate
until the contrary is proved.
Service ofnotices
25. A notice to be served on any person for any of the purposes
ofthis Schedule may be served by sending it by post in a letter addressed
to that person at his last or usual residence or place ofbusiness.
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 691
Regulations
26. (1 ) The Commissioners may by regulations made by statutory
instrument make provision for any matter for which it appears to them
necessary to make provision for the purpose of enabling them to
discharge their functions in relation to the tax , and in particular, but
without prejudice to the generality of this provision-
( a ) for requiring persons registered under this Schedule to account
for the tax payable by them by reference to such periods as
may be prescribed by the regulations and to pay the tax due
in respect of any such period within such time from the end
of the period as may be so prescribed;
( b ) for the particulars to be contained in any notification under
paragraph 15 of this Schedule;
( c ) for requiring persons registered under this Schedule to furnish
to persons acquiring chargeable vehicles from them certificates
in such form as may be prescribed by the regulations that the
tax on the vehicles has been or will be paid;
( d ) for requiring persons not registered under this Schedule to
furnish to persons acquiring chargeable vehicles from them
statements in such form as may be prescribed by the regula-
tions that the vehicles are chargeable vehicles on which tax
will be payable ;
( e ) for treating, for a limited time, as registered under this
Schedule persons who carry on the business of persons so
registered who have died or have become incapacitated;
( f ) for the issue by the Commissioners of certificates stating that
the tax on any chargeable vehicle has been paid or remitted;
( g ) for specifying the circumstances in which a chargeable vehicle
supplied by a person under an agreement for sale or return
is to be treated for the purposes of the tax as ceasing to be
his property in accordance with the agreement ;
( h) for any other matter for which, under this Schedule, provision
may be made by regulations .
( 2 ) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding sub-
paragraph, the regulations may make special provision with respect
to certificates and other documents to be issued for the purposes of
the tax before the end of March 1973 .
( 3) A statutory instrument made under this paragraph shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons
House of Parliament.
SCH. 7
Restriction on registration of chargeable vehicles
27. Regulations made under section 23 of the Vehicles (Excise) Act 1971 с. 10.
1971 may enable the Secretary of State to refuse to register a vehicle
unless he is satisfied, by such evidence as may be prescribed by the
regulations, either-
( a ) that the vehicle is not a chargeable vehicle; or
( b ) that the tax chargeable on it has been or will be paid ; or
(c ) that tax on it has been remitted.
692 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH . 7
1958 с. 11.
Isle ofMan
28.- (1 ) If an Act of Tynwald makes provision similar to the
provision made with respect to the car tax by this Act, Her Majesty
may by Order in Council make provision for securing that-
( a ) tax is charged under either Act as if references therein to the
United Kingdom or to the Isle of Man included both the
United Kingdom and the Isle of Man, but is not charged
under both Acts on the same vehicle;
( b) persons who are registered under either this Schedule or that
Act are treated as registered also under the other; and
(c ) the removal of a vehicle from the United Kingdom into the
Isle of Man or from the Isle of Man into the United Kingdom
is not treated for the purposes of either Act as an importation
or exportation of the vehicle ;
and for making such modifications in those Acts and regulations
made thereunder as may be requisite for those purposes; and similarly
with respect to any Act passed after this Act and relating to the car tax.
( 2 ) AnOrder in Council under this paragraph may include provision
for section 2 of the Isle of Man Act 1958 ( Isle of Man share of certain
duties) to apply as if the car tax and the tax for which provision is
made by Act of Tynwald were included among the duties mentioned
in subsection ( 4 ) of that section.
(3) An Order in Council under this paragraph may be varied or
revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 693
SCHEDULE 8
SPIRITS (RATES OF CUSTOMS AND EXCISE DUTIES)
TABLE 1 : Spirits other than imported perfumed spirits
Description of spirits
Excise
rate
Customs rates
Common-
Full Con-
wealth
vention
£ £ £ £
18-85
-
-
Section 56.
1. British spirits ( per proof
gallon )... ...
2. Imported spirits other
than perfumed spirits-
( a )notcomprised below
in this paragraph
( per proof gallon)
( b ) liqueurs, cordials,
mixtures and other
preparations in bottle,
entered in such
manner as to indicate
that the strength is
not to be tested (per
gallon )...
( c ) ethyl alcohol
( ethanol ) or neutral
spirits, undenatured,
of a strength of 140
degrees proof or
higher; denatured
spirits ( including
ethyl alcohol (etha-
nol) and neutral
spirits ) of any
strength ( per proof
gallon )... ...
( d ) rum ( per proof
gallon )... ...
-
18-9125 18-85 18-85
- 25-5125 25425 25 425
18-975 18.85 18-85
18-975 18-85 18-85
each of the above rates of duty being, in the
case of spirits not warehoused or warehoused
for less than three years, increased by £0-075
per proof gallon or, for spirits within para-
graph 2 (b) of this Table, by £ 0.10 per gallon.
694 Finance Act 1972
c.41
Section 75.
1967 с. 9.
SCHEDULE 9
INTEREST ELIGIBLE FOR RELIEF IN FULL
PART I
LOANS FOR PURCHASE OR IMPROVEMENT OF LAND
1. Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule,
interest is protected interest if it is paid by a person for the time being
owning an estate or interest in land in the United Kingdom or the
Republic of Ireland on a loan to defray money applied-
( a ) in purchasing the estate or interest , or one absorbed into, or
given up to obtain, the estate or interest, or
( b ) in improving or developing the land, or buildings on the land,
or
( c ) in paying off another loan, if interest on that other loan would
have been protected interest had the loan not been paid off
( on the assumption, if the loan was free of interest, that it
carried interest) .
2. Paragraph 1 above does not apply to a loan unless made in
connection with the application of money, and either on the occasion
of its application or within what is in the circumstances a reasonable
time from the application of the money; and that paragraph does not
apply to a loan the proceeds of which are applied for some other
purpose before being applied as mentioned in that paragraph.
3. References in this Part of this Schedule to money applied in
improving or developing land or buildings include references to pay-
ments in respect of maintenance or repairs incurred by reason of
dilapidation attributable to a period before the estate or interest was
acquired, but otherwise do not include references to payments in
respect of maintenance or repairs, or any of the other payments
mentioned in section 72(1) of the Taxes Act ( payments deductible
from rent ).
4. References in this Part of this Schedule to money applied in
improving or developing land include references to expenditure in-
curred or defrayed directly or indirectly in respect of street works,
other than works of maintenance or repair, for any highway or road ,
or in Scotland any right of way, adjoining or serving the land.
5. References in this Part of this Schedule to an estate or interest
in land include references to the property in any caravan , but interest
is protected interest by virtue of this paragraph only if-
( a ) the caravan is a large caravan, or
(b) the caravan, taken with the land on which it stands, is for the
time being a rateable hereditament for the purposes of the
General Rate Act 1967 or any corresponding enactment in
force in Scotland, Northern Ireland or the Republic of Ireland
and the owner, or the wife or husband of the owner, has, as
occupier of the caravan, duly paid rates under the Act or any
such enactment for the period in which the interest was paid.
Finance Act 1972 695
c .41
In this paragraph " hereditament ", in relation to Scotland, means
SCH. 9
lands and heritages.
6. References in this Part of this Schedule to an estate or interest do
not include references-
( a ) to a rentcharge or, in Scotland, a superiority or the interest of
a creditor in a contract of ground annual; or
( b ) to the interest of a chargee or mortgagee or, in Scotland, the
interest of a creditor in a charge or security of any kind over
land.
7. Where interest is payable by the tenant occupier of any property
to the landlord in pursuance of arrangements whereby money advanced
at interest by the landlord is applied by the tenant in purchasing the
landlord's estate or interest, but that estate or interest is not to pass to
the tenant until some time after the interest begins to be payable, this
Part of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to the tenant as if he
were the owner of the landlord's estate or interest.
8. Paragraph 1( a ) above shall not apply-
( a ) where the seller and purchaser are husband and wife and either
sells to the other, or
( b) where the purchaser, or the wife or husband of the purchaser,
has since 15th April 1969 disposed of an estate or interest in
the land in question, and it appears that the main purpose of
the disposal and purchase was to obtain relief in respect of
interest on the loan, or
(c ) where the purchasers are the trustees of a settlement , and the
seller is the settlor, or the wife or husband of the settlor, and
it appears that the main purpose of the purchase is to obtain
relief in respect of interest on the loan, or
( d ) where the purchaser is directly or indirectly purchasing from
a person who is, within the terms of section 533 of the Taxes
Act , connected with him, and the price substantially exceeds
the value of what is acquired;
and paragraph 1(b ) above shall not apply where the person spending
the money is, within the terms of the said section 533, connected with
the person who, directly or indirectly, receives the money, and the
money substantially exceeds the value of the work done.
For the purposes of this paragraph, references to a husband and
wife are references to a husband and his wife living with him.
9. In this Part of this Schedule, as it applies throughout the United
Kingdom and in relation to the Republic of Ireland-
" caravan " has the meaning given by section 29( 1 ) ofthe Caravan
Sites and Control of Development Act 1960 ;
1960 с. 62.
"large caravan means one which has either or both of the
following dimensions-
( a ) an overall length ( excluding any draw bar) exceeding
twenty- two feet,
( b) an overall width exceeding seven feet six inches,
"
where " overall length and " overall width " have the
meanings given in Regulation 3 of the Motor Vehicles S.I. 1966
( Construction and Use ) Regulations 1966; No. 1288.
696 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH. 9
street works " means any works for the sewering, levelling,
paving, metalling, flagging, channelling and making good of
a road, and includes the provision of proper means for lighting
aroad.
1968 с. 3.
1971 с. 68.
PART II
LOANS TO PURCHASE MACHINERY OR PLANT
10. Where an individual is a member of a partnership which, under
section 44 of the Capital Allowances Act 1968, is entitled to a capital
allowance or liable to a balancing charge for any year of assessment
in respect of machinery or plant belonging to the individual, any
interest paid by him in the basis period (as defined in section 72 of
that Act) for that year on a loan to defray money applied as capital
expenditure on the provision of that machinery or plant is protected
interest, except interest falling due and payable more than three years
after the end of the year of assessment in which the debt was incurred.
11. Where the machinery or plant is in use partly for the purposes
of the trade, profession or vocation carried on by the partnership and
partly for other purposes such part only of the interest is protected
interest as it is just and reasonable to attribute to the purposes of the
trade, profession or vocation, having regard to all the relevant
circumstances and, in particular, to the extent of the use for the said
other purposes.
12. Where the holder of an office or employment-
( a ) is under Chapter II of Part I of the Capital Allowances Act
1968 or Chapter I of Part III of the Finance Act 1971 entitled
to a capital allowance, or liable to a balancing charge ( or
would be so entitled or liable but for some contribution
made by the employer), for any year of assessment in respect
of machinery or plant belonging to him and in use for the
purposes of the office or employment, and
(b) pays interest in that year on a loan to defray money applied
as capital expenditure on the provision of that machinery or
plant,
the interest so paid is protected interest unless it is interest falling due
and payable more than three years after the end of the year of assess-
ment in which the debt was incurred.
13. Where the machinery or plant is in use partly for the purposes
of the office or employment and partly for other purposes such part
only of the interest is protected interest as it is just and reasonable
to attribute to the purposes of the office or employment, having regard
to all the relevant circumstances and, in particular , to the extent of
the use for the said other purposes.
PART III
SUPPLEMENTARY
14. For the purposes of this Schedule the giving of credit for any
money due from the purchaser under any sale shall be treated as the
making of a loan to defray money applied by him in making the
purchase
Finance Act 1972 697
c . 41
15. Where part only of a debt fulfils the conditions required under
the preceding provisions of this Schedule for interest on the debt to
be protected interest, such proportion of the interest shall be treated
as protected interest as is equal to the proportion of the debt fulfilling
those conditions at the time of the application of the money in
question.
SCH. 9
SCHEDULE 10
RELIEF FOR INTEREST -SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
Exclusion ofdouble relief or relief by different methods
1. Interest in respect of which relief is given under section 75 of
this Act shall not be allowable as a deduction for any other purpose
of the Income Tax Acts.
2. Relief shall not be given under section 75 of this Act against
income chargeable to corporation tax, and shall not be given against
any other income of a company, except where both of the following
conditions are satisfied, that is to say-
( a ) that the company is not resident in the United Kingdom; and
( b ) that the interest cannot be taken into account in computing
corporation tax chargeable on the company.
3. Where interest on any debt or liability is taken into account in
the computation of profits or gains or losses for the purposes of
Case I or II of Schedule D no relief shall be given under section 75
of this Act-
( a ) in respect of the payment of that interest ; or
( b) in respect of interest on the same debt or liability which is
paid in any year of assessment for which that computation
is relevant.
4. Where relief is given under section 75 of this Act in respect of
the interest paid in any year of assessment on any debt or liability-
(a ) that interest shall not be taken into account in the com-
putation of profits or gains or losses for the purposes of
Case I or II of Schedule D for any year of assessment ; and
( b) interest on that debt or liability shall not be taken into account
in that computation for any year of assessment for which the
interest so paid could have been taken into account but for
the relief.
5. For the purposes of paragraphs 3 and 4 above, all interest
capable of being taken into account in such a computation as is
mentioned therein which is payable by any person on money
advanced to him on current account, whether advanced on one or
more accounts or by the same or separate banks or other persons,
shall be treated as interest payable on the same debt.
6. References in paragraphs 3 and 4 above to relief given or an
amount taken into account are references to relief given or an amount
taken into account on a claim or in an assessment which has been
finally determined.
Section 75.
698 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH . 10
Section 75.
Furnishing of information
7. A person who claims relief under section 75 of this Act in
respect of any payment of interest shall furnish to the inspector a
statement in writing by the person to whom the payment is made,
which-
( a ) if the interest is such as is mentioned in subsection (1 )(a) of
that section, shall show the amount of the interest paid in the
year of assessment for which the claim is made and the name
and address of the person by whom it is paid; and
( b ) if the interest is such as is mentioned in subsection (1)( b) of
that section, shall contain such particulars and be in such form
as the Board may prescribe.
8. Where any such interest as is mentioned in section 75 of this
Act is paid, the person to whom it is paid shall, if the person who pays
it so requests in writing, furnish him with such statement as regards
that interest as is mentioned in paragraph 7 above and the duty
imposed by this paragraph shall be enforceable at the suit or instance
of the person making the request.
9. Paragraphs 7 and 8 above do not apply to interest paid to a
building society as defined in section 343( 8) of the Taxes Act, to a
company within section 343( 9) of that Act, or to a local authority.
Commencement
10. Section 75 of this Act and the amendments and repeals mentioned
in subsection (8) of that section do not apply in relation to interest
paid or payable before the year 1972-73 .
11. If, by any arrangements made after 21st March 1972, any
interest payable before the year 1972-73 becomes payable in or after
that year or is, directly or indirectly, replaced by any interest payable
in or after that year, the interest payable in pursuance of the arrange-
ments shall be deemed for the purposes of paragraph 10 above to have
been payable before that year.
SCHEDULE 11
RELIEF FOR INTEREST -AMENDMENTS
1. The Taxes Act shall be amended as follows.
2. In section 122(1)( b) for the words "
annuity or other annual
payment ( not being interest ) " there shall be substituted the words
" annual interest or any annuity or other annual payment ".
3. In section 175( 2) the following shall be substituted for paragraphs
( a ) and (b) : -
"( a ) relief under section 75 of the Finance Act 1972 ".
4. In section 248( 3) for the words " ( 4) to (6) " there shall be
substituted the words " ( 4) and (5) " .
5. In section 301(1) and ( 5 ) for the words " 300 " there shall be
substituted the words " 299 " .
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 699
6. In section 341(1) (c) for the words " section 57 of this Act " there SCH. 11
shall be substituted the words " Part I of Schedule 9 to the Finance
Act 1972 ".
7.- (1) In subsection (1) of section 403 for the word " surtax " there
shall be substituted the words " excess liability " and at the end of the
subsection there shall be added the words " In this subsection ' excess
liability ' means the excess of liability to income tax over what it
would be if all income tax were charged at the basic rate to the exclusion
of any other rate. "
( 2 ) This paragraph has effect for the year 1973-74 and subsequent
years of assessment and paragraph 44 of Schedule 6 to the Finance 1971 с, 68.
Act 1971 and the repeal made by that Act in section 403(1) of the
Taxes Act shall not take effect.
8. In section 528( 5) for the words " any of sections 57 to 60 and 62
of this Act " there shall be substituted the words " section 75 of the
Finance Act 1972 " .
9. In paragraphs 2(1)( b) and 3( 1) of Part III of Schedule 12 for the
words " annuity or other annual payment ( not being interest) " there
shall be substituted the words " annual interest or any annuity or
other annual payment ".
SCHEDULE 12
SHARE OPTION AND SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES
PART I
APPROVAL OF SCHEMES
Conditions of approval
1. The Board shall, on the application of a body corporate ( in this
Schedule referred to as the company "), approve a share option
scheme or a share incentive scheme if-
( a ) the conditions set out in Part II of this Schedule are satisfied
with respect to the adoption of the scheme, the persons
eligible to participate in it and the shares to be acquired
under it or in pursuance of rights conferred under it ; and
( b ) the further conditions set out in Part III of this Schedule are
satisfied if the scheme is a share option scheme and those
set out in Part IV of this Schedule if it is a share incentive
scheme.
2. If , at the time the application is pending , the Board have no
evidence that the condition set out in paragraph 6 of Part III or
paragraph 5 of Part IV of this Schedule is satisfied, then , if the other
conditions are satisfied, the Board may approve the scheme subject to
the remaining condition being satisfied; and if that condition is not
satisfied the approval shall be of no effect.
Applicationfor approval
3. An application under this Schedule shall be made in writing and
shall contain such particulars and be supported by such evidence as
Sections 77, 78,
79.
c . 41
700 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 12 may be prescribed by regulations made by the Board by statutory
instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.
Withdrawal of approval
4. If , at any time after the Board have approved a scheme, any of
the conditions mentioned in paragraph 1 above ceases to be satisfied
the Board may withdraw the approval with effect from that time.
Appeals
5. If the company is aggrieved by the failure of the Board to approve
the scheme or to decide that a condition subject to which the approval
has been given is satisfied, or by the withdrawal of the approval , it
may, by notice in writing given to the Board within thirty days from
the date on which it is notified of the Board's decision, require the
matter to be determined by the Special Commissioners, and the
Special Commissioners shall hear and determine the matter in like
manner as an appeal .
PART II
CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO SHARE OPTION AND
SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES
Adoption ofscheme
1. The scheme must have been adopted by a resolution of the
holders of the ordinary share capital of the company shares in which
( or an interest in, or right to acquire, shares in which) are to be
acquired under the scheme, and the shares, interest or right must not
be capable of being acquired under the scheme more than ten years
after its adoption.
Type ofshares
2. The shares must be shares in the company of which the persons
participating in the scheme are directors or employees or in a
company controlling that company or in a company which, being a
member of a consortium owning either that company or a company
controlling it, beneficially owns not less than three-twentieths of the
ordinary share capital of the company so owned.
For the purposes of this paragraph a company is a member of a
consortium owning another company if it is one of not more than
five companies which between them beneficially own not less than
three- quarters of the other company's ordinary share capital and each
of which beneficially owns not less than one-twentieth of that capital.
3. The shares must be either-
(a ) shares of a class quoted on a recognised stock exchange, or
( b ) shares in a company which is not under the control of another
company.
4. The majority of shares of the same class must be shares acquired
otherwise than as mentioned in section 79(1) of this Act and other-
wise than by the exercise of a right obtained as mentioned in section
78(1 ) of this Act.
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 701
Limitation on issue ofshares
5. In the period of ten years beginning with the adoption of the
scheme the issue of shares under the scheme, or in pursuance of rights
conferred under the scheme, must be so limited that the nominal
value of those shares, when added to that of any shares issued under
any other scheme approved under this Schedule and relating to the
same body's shares, or in pursuance of rights conferred under any
such scheme, does not exceed the following, that is to say-
( a ) if the ordinary share capital of that body does not exceed
£2 million, 10 per cent. of that ordinary share capital ; and
(b) if that ordinary share capital exceeds £2 million, 5 per cent.
of that ordinary share capital or £200,000, whichever is the
greater.
Participants
6. No person must be eligible to participate in the scheme unless he
is a full-time director or full-time employee of the company concerned.
SCH. 12
PART III
FURTHER CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
Limitation of rights
1. The rights obtainable under the scheme by any person in any
year of assessment must be so limited that the amount for which
shares may be acquired in pursuance of the rights does not , when
added to the amount for which shares remain to be acquired under
such rights obtained by him earlier, exceed four times the amount of
the relevant emoluments for that or the preceding year of assessment
( whichever is the greater) ; and for this purpose the relevant emolu-
ments are such of the emoluments of the office or employment by
virtue of which he is eligible to participate in the scheme as are liable
to be paid under deduction of tax pursuant to section 204 of the
Taxes Act ( pay-as-you- earn), after deducting therefrom amounts
included by virtue of Chapter II of Part VIII of that Act.
2. If rights are obtainable by any person under the scheme and
rights have also been obtained or are obtainable by him under share
option schemes previously approved under this Schedule, the limit
specified in paragraph 1 above applies to the aggregate of the rights
obtainable or obtained under all the schemes.
3. If rights are obtainable by any person under the scheme and
shares or interests in shares may be or have been acquired by him
under a share incentive scheme approved under this Schedule, the
limit under this Part of this Schedule applies to the aggregate of the
amount mentioned therein and the amount or value limited under
Part IV of this Schedule.
Exercise of rights
4. A right obtained by a person under the scheme must not be
capable of being exercised later than seven years after it is obtained
nor later than six months after he ceases to hold the office or employ-
ment by virtue of which he is eligible to participate in the scheme
c . 41
702 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 12 except that it may be capable of being exercised within twelve months
of his death if he dies at a time when it was still capable of being
exercised by him.
Restriction on transfer
5. A right obtained by a person under the scheme must not be
capable of being transferred by him.
Minimum price ofshares
6. The price at which shares may be acquired by the exercise of a
right obtained under the scheme must be stated at the time the right
is obtained and must not be manifestly less than the market value at
that time of shares of the same class, but the scheme may provide for
such variation of the price so stated as may be necessary to take
account of any variation in the share capital of the body issuing
the shares.
Freedomfrom special restrictions
7. The shares must not be subject to any restrictions other than
restrictions attaching to all shares of the same class.
PART IV
FURTHER CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES
Limitation ofrights
1. The acquisition by any person of shares or interests in shares
under the scheme must be so limited that the amount or value of the
consideration for the shares and interests so acquired in any year of
ofthe
assessment does not, when added to the amount or value of the con-
sideration for the shares and interests so acquired by him earlier
( and remaining subject to restrictions not attaching to all shares of
the same class) , exceed four times the amount of the relevant
emoluments for that or the preceding year of assessment (whichever
is the greater) ; and for this purpose the relevant emoluments are
such of the emoluments of the office or employment by virtue of
which he is eligible to participate in the scheme as are liable to be
paid under deduction of tax pursuant to section 204 of the Taxes Act,
after deducting therefrom amounts included by virtue of Chapter II
of Part VIII of that Act.
2. If shares or interests in shares may be acquired by a person
under the scheme and shares or interests in shares may also be or
have been acquired by him under share incentive schemes previously
approved under this Schedule, the limit specified in paragraph 1
above applies to the aggregate of the shares or interests that may
be or have been acquired under all the schemes.
3. Where shares or interests in shares may be acquired by a person
under the scheme and rights are obtainable or have been obtained by
him under a share option scheme approved under this Schedule the
limit under this Part of this Schedule applies to the aggregate of the
amount or value mentioned therein and the amount limited under
Part III of this Schedule.
Finance Act 1972 703
с. 41
Restriction on transfer
4. Shares or interests in shares acquired by a person under the
scheme must not be capable of being transferred by him while any
restrictions attach to the shares which do not attach to all shares of
the same class .
Minimum price ofshares
5.(1 ) The price at which shares may be acquired under the
scheme must not be-
( a) manifestly less than the market value of the shares at the time
of their acquisition; nor
(b) less than 80 per cent. of the market value at that time of shares
of the same class to which no other restrictions attach than
restrictions attaching to all shares of that class ;
and similarly with respect to the acquisition of interests in shares ;
and where part of the price is payable after the acquisition the price
shall be treated for the purposes of this paragraph as reduced to such
extent as may be necessary to take account of the period for which
the payment of that part is or may be deferred.
( 2 ) This paragraph shall not prevent the scheme from providing for
a reduction in the price at which shares are acquired under the
scheme in a case where the person acquiring them is called upon to
pay any outstanding part of that price or to repay a loan made to
him to acquire the shares, and-
( a ) at the time he is so called upon the market value of shares of
the same class to which no other restrictions attach than
restrictions attaching to all shares of that class is less than
the price at which the shares were acquired ; and
(b) the reduction provided for is not greater that the amount by
which the market value mentioned in paragraph (a ) above
falls short of the price mentioned therein, after adjusting
that value and that price to such extent ( if any ) as may be
necessary to take account both of any deferment of the
payment of any part thereof and of any variation in the
share capital of the body issuing the shares.
Time limit for special restrictions
6. Any restriction attaching to the shares and not attaching to all
shares of the same class must cease not later than seven years after
the shares or an interest in them is acquired under the scheme (or if
acquired in substitution for shares or interests previously acquired
not later than seven years after the earliest such acquisition).
Conditions governing bonus and rights issues
7. The scheme must provide that where shares are issued otherwise
than under the scheme and otherwise than for a consideration to
persons who have acquired shares or interests in shares under the
scheme the same restrictions must attach to the shares so issued as
are for the time being attaching to the shares which, or interests in
which, those persons have acquired under the scheme.
SCH. 12
704 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH. 12 8. The scheme must provide that where an offer to acquire shares is
made otherwise than under the scheme to persons who have acquired
shares or an interest in shares in pursuance of the scheme, the offer
must be on the same terms as offers to acquire shares of the same class
which are made to shareholders generally.
PART V
CONDITIONS TO BE SATISFIED BY DIRECTOR OR EMPLOYEE
1. He must retain the beneficial ownership of or his interest in the
shares until whichever is the earliest-
( a ) the end of the period of three years beginning with his
acquisition of his right under the share option scheme or,
as the case may be, his acquisition of the shares or interest
under the share incentive scheme ; and
( b) his ceasing to be a director or employee by reason of injury,
disability or dismissal for redundancy (within the meaning
1965 с. 25.
1965 c. 19 ( Ν.Ι. ) .
of the Redundancy Payments Act 1965 or of the Contracts
of Employment and Redundancy Payments Act ( Northern
Ireland ) 1965) ; and
( c ) his death ;
but he shall not be deemed to fail to satisfy this condition by reason
only that the shares are acquired by a company which is entitled
1948 с. 38.
and bound to do so under section 209 of the Companies Act 1948
1960 c. 22 ( Ν.Ι. ). or section 200 of the Companies Act ( Northern Ireland) 1960
(acquisition of shares from dissenting shareholders).
2. If the shares are shares in a close company he must not have a
material interest in that company or in a company controlling that
company at the time he obtains the right or is given the opportunity
to acquire the shares or his interest therein or thereafter until the end
of the period during which under paragraph 1 above he is required
to retain the beneficial ownership of or his interest in the shares, nor
at any time thereafter while any restrictions attach to the shares
which do not attach to all shares of the same class.
PART VI
EFFECT OF PARTIAL COMPLIANCE WITH CONDITIONS
1. Where-
( a ) a person has before 6th April 1972 obtained a right as
mentioned in section 78 of this Act in pursuance of a share
option scheme which is not approved under this Schedule ;
and
( b) the right is exercised by him before 6th April 1973 or, if
he dies before that date, is exercised within twelve months
of his death ;
section 186 of the Taxes Act shall not apply to any gain realised by
the exercise, if or to the extent that the right is within the limit
imposed by paragraph 1 of Part III of this Schedule.
Finance Act 1972 705
c .41
2. If that person obtained the right within the first twelve months
during which he held the office or employment by virtue of which
he was eligible to participate in the scheme paragraph 1 above shall
have effect as if for the limit referred to therein there were substituted
the greater of the following, that is to say, that limit and what would
be that limit if the relevant emoluments for those twelve months
were specified in paragraph 1 of Part III of this Schedule instead of
those mentioned therein.
3. In relation to a right which cannot be exercised before 6th
April 1973 paragraph 1 above shall have effect as if for the references
to that date there were substituted references to six months after
the earliest date at which it can be exercised.
SCH. 12
PART VII
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
Procedure on assessment under section 78(2)
1. For the purposes of any assessment made or to be made in
pursuance of section 78( 2) of this Act the market value at any time of
any shares shall be determined by the Board and their determination
shall be notified to the body corporate by which the shares were
issued; and that body, as well as the person on whom the assessment
is or is to be made, may appeal against the determination to the Special
Commissioners.
2. On any such appeal all persons who have obtained a right in
pursuance of the same scheme and on the same day may take part in
the proceedings, and the determination of the Special Commissioners
shall be binding on all such persons, whether or not they have taken
part inthe proceedings.
Furnishing of information
3. Where in any year of assessment a person acquires shares or an
interest in shares as mentioned in section 79(1) of this Act and the
acquisition is not made in pursuance of a scheme approved under
this Schedule, the body from which the shares are or the interest is
acquired shall deliver to the inspector, within thirty days of the end
of the year, particulars in writing of the shares and of the acquisition.
4. The Board may by statutory instrument make regulations
requiring such information to be given about the names and addresses
ofpersons participating in schemes approved under this Schedule, the
shares issued or rights acquired in pursuance of such schemes and the
exercise, assignment or release of such rights as appears to the Board
necessary for the discharge of their functions under this Schedule and
sections 78 and 79 of this Act; and any such statutory instrument
shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the
Commons House of Parliament.
5. In section 98 of the Taxes Management Act 1970 ( penalty for 1970 c. 9 .
failure to furnish information etc. ) the following shall be added in the
second column of the Table: " Paragraph 3 of Part VII of Schedule 12
to the Finance Act 1972 or regulations under paragraph 4 of that Part " .
Z
706 Finance Act 1972
c .41
SCH. 12 Interpretation
6. In sections 77 to 79 of this Act and in this Schedule-
" associated company " has the same meaning as, by virtue of
section 302 of the Taxes Act, it has in Chapter III of Part XI
ofthat Act;
" close company " has the same meaning as in the Corporation
Tax Acts ;
" control " has the meaning assigned to it by section 534 of the
Taxes Act;
" director " includes a person who is to be a director;
66 employee " includes a person who is to be an employee;
" full-time ", in relation to a director or employee, means required
to devote substantially the whole of his time to service as a
director or employee;
1965 с. 25 .
" market value " has the same meaning as, for the purposes of
Part III of the Finance Act 1965, it has by virtue of section 44
ofthat Act;
" recognised stock exchange " has the same meaning as in the
Corporation Tax Acts ;
" share incentive scheme " means a scheme in pursuance of
which shares or interests in shares may be acquired as
mentioned in section 79( 1) of this Act;
66 share option scheme " means a scheme in pursuance of which
rights may be obtained as mentioned in section 78(1) of
thisAct;
" shares " includes stock and also includes securities as defined in
section 237(5) of the Taxes Act; and references to an interest
in any shares include references to an interest in the proceeds
of sale of part of the shares.
7. Section 186( 9) of the Taxes Act shall apply, with the necessary
modifications, for determining for the purposes of sections 78 and 79
of this Act and of this Schedule whether a person obtains a right or
acquires shares or an interest in shares as a director or employee of a
body corporate.
8. Section 285( 6 ) of the Taxes Act shall apply for determining for
the purposes of this Schedule whether a person has a material interest
in a company .
9. Section 533 of the Taxes Act ( connected persons ) shall apply for
the purposes of sections 78 and 79 of this Act and of this Schedule.
Section 81 .
SCHEDULE 13
LEASES -TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
Section 81 (1)
1. Paragraphs 2 to 5 below apply where an amount is payable by
instalments and, by virtue of a claim made under subsection (6 ) of
section 80 of the Taxes Act as originally enacted, any of the instal-
ments would have fallen to be treated as rent payable on or after
11th April 1972 or as profits or gains arising on or after that date
and chargeable to tax under Case VI of Schedule D.
c.41
Finance Act 1972 707
2. Where the person making the claim was a person carrying on a SCH. 13
trade of dealing in land, and section 142(3) of the Taxes Act prevented
any part of the instalment from being treated as a trading receipt,
the instalment shall be treated as due on 11th April 1972 and the
person who made the claim shall be chargeable to tax under Case
VI of Schedule Don the amount of that instalment ( reduced , where
paragraph 1( 2) of Schedule 4 to the Taxes Act applies, as required by
that paragraph), less any loss attributable to the granting of the
lease, so far as it has not been set off against or deducted from any
other amount.
3. In any other case the person who made the claim shall, subject
to paragraph 4 below, be chargeable to tax as if the instalment were
part of the consideration for a disposal to which paragraph 14 of
Schedule 6 to the Finance Act 1965 as originally enacted had 1965 c. 25.
applied ; and section 116(3) of this Act shall apply accordingly.
4. A person chargeable to tax in accordance with paragraph 3
above may, by notice in writing given to the inspector not later than
11th April 1973, elect that that paragraph shall not apply in his case
but that his liability to tax (including his liability for past periods)
shall be computed as if both section 81(1) and section 116 of this
Act had come into force before the claim under section 80( 6) of the
Taxes Act was made ; and where he so elects all such assessments,
alterations of assessments and repayments of tax shall be made as
may be necessary.
5. Where a person liable to pay tax in accordance with any of
the preceding paragraphs satisfies the Board that he would otherwise
suffer undue hardship, the tax may, at his option, be paid by such
instalments as the Board may allow.
Section 81 (2)- ( 4)
6. Paragraph 7 below applies with respect to a lease granted
before 25th August 1971 and, so far as section 84 of the Taxes Act
relates to section 80( 4 ) of that Act, with respect to a variation or
waiver the contract for which was entered into before that date.
7. Subsection ( 2 ) to ( 4 ) of section 81 of this Act shall apply only
to the extent that they affect relief, for any year of assessment later
than the year 1971-72 or for any accounting period beginning after
24th August 1971 , under any of the provisions of the Taxes Act
mentioned in paragraph 3( 2) of Schedule 14 to that Act or under
section 491( 5) of that Act or to the extent that they affect the
computation of the profits or gains or losses for any such year of
assessment or accounting period of a trade, profession or vocation ;
and paragraph 3 of Schedule 14 to the Taxes Act shall apply in
relation to section 84 of that Act as amended by this Act.
Z2
c .41
708 Finance Act 1972
Sections84
and89.
SCHEDULE 14
COLLECTION OF ADVANCE CORPORATION TAX
Duty to make returns
1 .- ( 1 ) A company shall for each of its accounting periods make,
in accordance with this Schedule, returns to the collector of the
franked payments made and franked investment income received by
it in that period and of the advance corporation tax (if any) payable
by it in respect of those payments.
( 2 ) A return shall be made for-
( a ) each complete quarter falling within the accounting period,
that is to say, each of the periods of three months ending
with 31st March, 30th June, 30th September or 31st
December which falls within that period ;
(b ) each part of the accounting period which is not a complete
quarter and ends on the first (or only ), or begins immedi-
ately after the last ( or only), of those dates which falls
within the accounting period ;
( c ) if none of those dates falls within the accounting period, the
whole accounting period.
( 3) A return for any period for which a return is required to be
made under this paragraph ( hereinafter referred to as 66
a return
period ") shall be made within fourteen days from the end of that
period .
( 4 ) Subject to paragraphs 4(2) and 7( 3) below, no return need be
made under this Schedule by a company for any period in which it
has made no franked payments.
Contents of return
2 .- (1) Subject to paragraph 7( 2 ) below, the return made by a
company for any return period shall show-
( a ) the amount of the franked payments made by it in that
period ;
( b) the amount of franked investment income, if any, received
by it in that period ; and
( c ) if any advance corporation tax is payable in respect of those
payments, the amount thereof.
(2) The return shall specify whether any amount of franked pay-
ments is included under paragraph ( a ) of the foregoing sub- para-
graph in consequence of the giving of a notice under the proviso to
section 256(1 ) of the Taxes Act and, if so, the amount so included .
( 3) For the purposes of paragraph ( b) of sub- paragraph (1) above
the amount of franked investment income received by a company in
a return period shall be treated as including the excess, if any, of-
( a ) any surplus of franked investment income carried forward
to the accounting period for which the return is made ; and
(b) any amount of franked investment income received by the
company in that accounting period but before the beginning
of the return period .
Finance Act 1972 709
c .41
over the amount of any franked payments made by the company in
that accounting period but before the beginning of the return
period .
( 4 ) For the purposes of paragraph ( c ) of sub-paragraph (1) above
advance corporation tax shall be payable in respect of franked pay-
ments made in a return period if the amount shown under paragraph
( a ) of that sub-paragraph exceeds the amount shown under para-
graph (b) of that sub-paragraph or no amount is shown under the
said paragraph (b ) ; and the amount of that tax shall be calculated
at the rate of advance corporation tax in force for the financial
year in which the return period ends on an amount which, when
that tax is added to it , is equal to that excess or, if no amount is
shown under the said paragraph ( b), to the amount shown under
the said paragraph (a ).
Payment of tax
3 .- (1 ) Subject to paragraph 7( 2) below, advance corporation tax
in respect of franked payments required to be included in a return
under this Schedule shall be due at the time by which the return
for that period is to be made, and advance corporation tax so due
shall be payable without the making of any assessment.
( 2 ) Advance corporation tax which has become due as aforesaid
may be assessed on the company ( whether or not it has been paid
when the assessment is made) if that tax, or any part of it, is not
paid on or before the due date.
( 3) If it appears to the inspector that there is a franked payment
which ought to have been and has not been included in a return,
or if the inspector is dissatisfied with any return, he may make an
assessment on the company to the best of his judgment ; and any
advance corporation tax due under an assessment made by virtue of
this sub-paragraph shall be treated for the purposes of interest on
unpaid tax as having been payable at the time when it would have
been payable if a correct return had been made.
Receipt of franked investment income after payment of advance
corporation tax
4 .- (1) This paragraph shall have effect where-
( a ) a return has been made of franked payments made in
any return period falling within an accounting period and
advance corporation tax has been paid in respect of those
payments ; and
( b ) the company receives franked investment income after the
end of the return period but before the end of the accounting
period .
( 2) The company shall make a return under paragraph 1 above
for the return period in which the franked investment income is
received whether or not it has made any franked payments in that
period , and, subject to sub -paragraph ( 3) below, shall be entitled to
repayment of any advance corporation tax paid (and not repaid )
in respect of franked payments made in the accounting period in
question .
Z3
SCH. 14
c . 41
710 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 14 ( 3) If no franked payments were made by the company in the
return period for which a return is made by virtue of sub-paragraph
( 2 ) above the amount of the repayment shall not exceed the amount
of the tax credit comprised in the franked investment income re-
ceived ; and in any other case the repayment shall not exceed the
amount of the tax credit comprised in so much of that franked
investment income, if any, as exceeds the amount of the franked
payments made in that return period.
Claims for set-off in respect of franked investment income
received by a company
5. Where under paragraph 2 or 4 above franked investment income
received by a company falls to be taken into account in determining-
(a ) whether advance corporation tax is payable or repayable ;
or
( b ) the amount of such tax which is payable or repayable,
the inclusion of that franked investment income in the appropriate
return shall be treated as a claim by the company to have it taken
into account as aforesaid, and any such claim shall be supported
by such evidence as the inspector may reasonably require.
6.- (1 ) Where a claim has been made under paragraph 5 above
no proceedings for collecting tax which would fall to be discharged
if the claim were allowed shall be instituted pending the final
determination of the claim, but this sub- paragraph shall not affect
the date when the tax is due.
( 2 ) When the claim is finally determined any tax underpaid in
consequence of sub-paragraph (1) above shall be paid.
( 3 ) Where proceedings are instituted for collecting tax assessed ,
or interest on tax assessed, under any provision of this Schedule, effect
shall not be given to any claim made after the institution of the
proceedings so as to affect or delay the collection or recovery of the
tax charged by the assessment or of interest thereon, until the claim
has been finally determined .
( 4 ) When the claim is finally determined any tax overpaid in
consequence of sub-paragraph ( 3) above shall be repaid.
( 5 ) References in this paragraph to proceedings for the collection
of tax include references to proceedings by way of distraint or
poinding for tax.
Qualifying distributions which are not payments and payments of
uncertain nature
7.- (1 ) This paragraph applies to-
( a ) any qualifying distribution which is not a payment ; and
( b ) any payment in respect of which the company making it
would be liable to pay advance corporation tax if , but only
if , it amounted to or involved a qualifying distribution and it
is not in the circumstances clear whether or how far it does
80.
Finance Act 1972 711
с .41
( 2 ) No amount shall be shown in respect of the qualifying distribu-
tion or payment under paragraph 2(1)( a ) or ( c ) above and paragraph
3(1) above shall not apply to the payment of advance corporation
tax in respect thereof.
( 3) Particulars of the qualifying distribution or payment shall be
given separately in the return for the return period in which it
is made and if , apart from that distribution or payment, no franked
payment is made in that period, a return containing those particu-
lars shall be made for that period under paragraph 1 above.
( 4 ) Any advance corporation tax payable in respect of the quali-
fying distribution or payment shall be assessed on the company and
shall be so assessed without regard to any franked investment in-
come received by the company but-
(a ) relief shall be given from the tax assessed ( by discharge
thereof ) to the extent, if any, to which that tax exceeds the
tax that would have been payable if the amount of the
franked payment comprising the qualifying distribution or
payment, calculated on the amount or value thereof shown
in the assessment, had been included in the return under
sub-paragraph (1) (a) of paragraph 2 above and the tax had
been calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph ( 4 ) of
that paragraph ; and
( b ) for the purposes of the application of sub-paragraph (3) of
that paragraph to any subsequent return period, the amount
of that franked payment shall be taken to be the amount
calculated as aforesaid.
Items included in error
8. Where any item has been included in a return under this
Schedule as a franked payment made or as franked investment income
received by a company but that item should have been included in a
return or claim under Schedule 20 to this Act, the inspector may
make any such assessments, adjustments or set-offs as may be
required for securing that the resulting liabilities to tax (including
interest on unpaid tax) whether of the company or of any other
person are the same as they would have been if the item had been
included in the right return or claim.
Qualifying distribution made otherwise than in
an accounting period
9. Where a company makes a qualifying distribution on a date
which does not fall within an accounting period the company shall
make a return of that distribution within fourteen days from that date,
and the advance corporation tax in respect thereof shall be due at
the time by which the return is to be made, except where the
distribution is not a payment in which case the advance corporation
tax shall be assessed on the company.
Assessments and due date of tax
10.- (1 ) All the provisions of the Corporation Tax Acts as to
the time within which an assessment may be made, so far as they
refer or relate to the accounting period for which an assessment is
Z4
SCH. 14
712 Finance Act 1972
c .41
SCH. 14
Sections 90
and 91.
Set -off of losses
etc. against
surplus of
franked
investment
income.
made, or the accounting period to which an assessment relates, shall
apply in relation to an assessment under this Schedule notwithstand-
ing that, under this Schedule, the assessment may be said to relate
to a quarter or other period which is not an accounting period, and
the provisions of sections 36 and 39 of the Management Act as to the
circumstances in which an assessment may be made out of time
shall apply accordingly on the footing that any such assessment
relates to the accounting period in which the quarter or other period
ends or, in the case of an assessment under paragraph 9 above, to
an accounting period ending on the date on which the distribution
is made.
( 2) Advance corporation tax assessed on a company under this
Schedule shall be due within fourteen days after the issue of the
notice of assessment ( unless due earlier under paragraph 3(1) or 9
above) .
( 3) Sub-paragraph ( 2) above has effect subject to any appeal
against the assessment, but no such appeal shall affect the date when
tax is due under paragraph 3(1 ) or 9 above.
( 4 ) On the determination of an appeal against an assessment under
this Schedule any tax overpaid shall be repaid.
( 5 ) Any tax assessable under any one or more of the provisions
of this Schedule may be included in one assessment if the tax so
included is all due on the same date.
SCHEDULE 15
LOSS RELIEF ETC. , AND GROUP INCOME : PROVISIONS OF
INCOME AND CORPORATION TAXES ACT 1970 AS
SUBSTITUTED BY THIS ACT
PART I
SECTIONS 254 AND 255
254.- ( 1 ) Where a company has a surplus of franked investment
income for any accounting period, the company may on making a
claim for the purpose require that the amount of the surplus shall
for all or any of the purposes mentioned in subsection ( 2) below
be treated as if it were a like amount of profits chargeable to cor-
poration tax, and subject to subsection ( 4 ) below the provisions
mentioned in subsection ( 2) below shall apply in accordance with
this section to reduce the amount of the surplus for purposes of
section 89( 3) of the Finance Act 1972 and the company shall be
entitled to have paid to it the amount of the tax credit comprised
in the amount of franked investment income by which the surplus
is so reduced.
( 2 ) The purposes for which a claim may be made under sub-
section ( 1) above are those of-
( a ) the setting of trading losses against total profits under
section 177( 2) of this Act ;
( b) the deduction of charges on income under section 248 of
this Act;
c.41
Finance Act 1972 713
( c ) the deduction of expenses of management under section 304
or 305 of this Act ;
( d ) the setting of certain capital allowances against total profits
under section 74( 3) of the Capital Allowances Act 1968.
( 3 ) Where a company makes a claim under this section for any
accounting period, the reduction falling to be made in profits of
that accounting period shall be made as far as may be in profits
chargeable to corporation tax rather than in the amount treated as
profits so chargeable under this section.
( 4 ) Where a claim under this section relates to section 177(2)
of this Act or to section 74 ( 3) of the Capital Allowances Act 1968
and an accounting period of the company falls partly before and
partly within the time mentioned in that subsection, then-
(a ) the restriction imposed by section 177( 3) of this Act or by
section 74( 4) of the Capital Allowances Act 1968 on the
amount of the relief shall be applied only to any relief
to be given apart from this section, and shall be applied
without regard to any amount treated as profits of the
accounting period under this section ; but
( b ) relief under this section shall be given only against a part
of the amount so treated proportionate to the part of the
accounting period falling within the said time.
( 5 ) Where-
( a ) on a claim made under this section for any accounting
period relief is given in respect of the whole or part of any
loss incurred in a trade, or of any amount which could
be treated as a loss under section 177( 8) of this Act ; and
( b ) in a later accounting period the franked payments made by
the company exceed its franked investment income ;
then (unless the company has ceased to carry on the trade or to
be within the charge to corporation tax in respect of it ) the company
shall, for purposes of section 177(1) of this Act, be treated as
having, in the accounting period ending immediately before the
beginning of the later accounting period mentioned in paragraph
(b ) above, incurred a loss equal to whichever is the lesser of-
(i ) the excess referred to in paragraph ( b) above ; and
( ii ) the amount in respect of which relief was given as afore-
said, or so much of that amount as remains after deduc-
tion of any part of it dealt with under this subsection in
relation to an earlier accounting period.
(6 ) Subsection ( 5 ) above shall apply, with the necessary
adaptations, —
( a ) in relation to relief given in respect of management expenses ;
and
( b) in relation to relief given in respect of capital allowances ;
as it applies in relation to relief given in respect of a loss ( the refer-
ence to the company ceasing to be within the charge to corporation
SCH. 15
1968 с. 3.
c . 41
714 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 15
1968 с. 3.
Set -off of loss
brought
forward, or
terminal loss .
tax in respect of the trade being construed as a reference to its
ceasing to be within that charge at all) :
Provided that any amount which may be dealt with under sub-
section (5 ) as a loss shall be so dealt with rather than under this
subsection, except in so far as the company concerned otherwise
elects.
( 7 ) The time limits for claims under this section shall be as
follows-
( a ) if and so far as the purpose for which the claim is made
is the setting of trading losses against total profits under
section 177( 2) of this Act, two years from the end of the
accounting period in which the trading loss is incurred ;
( b ) if and so far as the purpose for which the claim is made is
the deduction of charges on income under section 248 of
this Act or of expenses of management under section 304
or 305 of this Act, six years from the end of the accounting
period in which the charges were paid or the expenses of
management were incurred ;
( c ) if and so far as the purpose for which the claim is made
is the setting of capital allowances against total profits
under section 74 ( 3) of the Capital Allowances Act 1968, two
years from the end of the accounting period for which the
capital allowances fall to be made.
( 8 ) For the purposes of aclaim under this section for any account-
ing period the surplus of franked investment income for that
accounting period shall be calculated without regard to the part, if
any, carried forward from an earlier accounting period ; and for the
purposes of subsection (5 ) above franked investment income which
by virtue of section 89( 5) of the Finance Act 1972 cannot be used
to frank distributions of a company shall be left out of account.
255.- ( 1 ) Where a company has a surplus of franked investment
income for any accounting period, the company, instead of or in
addition to making a claim under section 254 above, may on making
a claim for the purpose require that the surplus shall be taken into
account for relief under section 177(1) or under section 178 of this
Act, up to the amount of franked investment income for the account-
ing period which, if chargeable to corporation tax, would have been
so taken into account by virtue of section 177( 7) of this Act ; and
( subject to the restriction to the said amount of franked investment
income ) the following subsections shall have effect where the com-
pany makes a claim under this section for any accounting period .
( 2) The amount to which the claim relates shall for the purposes
of the claim be treated as trading income of the accounting period .
( 3) The reduction falling to be made in trading income of an
accounting period shall be made as far as may be in trading income
chargeable to corporation tax rather than in the amount treated as
trading income so chargeable under this section.
( 4 ) If the claim relates to section 177( 1) of this Act, section
254(5) above shall apply in relation to it.
c .41
Finance Act 1972 715
( 5 ) If the claim relates to section 178 of this Act and an account-
ing period of the company falls partly outside the three years men-
tioned in subsection (1) of that section, then-
(a ) the restriction imposed by subsection (2 ) of that section on
the amount of the reduction that may be made in the
trading income of that period shall be applied only to
any relief to be given apart from this section, and shall
be applied without regard to any amount treated as
trading income of the accounting period by virtue of this
section, but
(b ) relief under this section shall be given only against a part
of the amount so treated proportionate to the part of the
accounting period falling within the three years in question.
( 6 ) The time limits for claims under this section shall be as
follows-
( a ) if and so far as the purpose for which the claim is made is
the allowance of relief under section 177(1) of this Act,
six years from the end of the accounting period for which
the claim is made,
( b ) if and so far as the purpose for which the claim is made
is the allowance of relief under section 178 of this Act, six
years from the time when the company ceases to carry
on the trade.
( 7 ) For the purpose of a claim under this section for any account-
ing period the surplus of franked investment income for that period
shall be calculated without regard to the part, if any, carried forward
from an earlier accounting period.
SCH. 15
PART II
SECTION 256(1), ( 4) AND (4A)
256.- (1 ) Where a company receives dividends from another Group
company ( both being bodies corporate resident in the United income, etc.
Kingdom ), and the company paying the dividends is
( a ) a 51 per cent. subsidiary of the other or of a company so
resident of which the other is a 51 per cent. subsidiary ;
or
( b ) a trading or holding company owned by a consortium the
members of which include the company receiving the
dividends,
then , subject to the following provisions of this section, the company
receiving the dividends and the company paying them may jointly
elect that this subsection shall apply to the dividends received
from the latter by the former, and so long as the election is in
force any such dividends shall be excluded from sections 84(1)
and 86 of the Finance Act 1972 and are accordingly not included
in references to franked payments made by the company paying the
dividends or the franked investment income of the company receiv-
ing them ( but are in the Corporation Tax Acts referred to as " group
income " of the latter company ) :
Provided that where an election under this subsection is in force
the company paying the dividends may by notice in writing to the
c .41
716 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 15 collector state that it does not wish the election to have effect in
relation to any amount of dividends specified in the notice, and the
Finance Act 1972 and the other provisions of the Corporation Tax
Acts shall then have effect in relation to that amount as if there had
been no such election.
( 4) Where a company purports-
(a ) by virtue of an election under subsection ( 1) of this section
to pay any dividends without paying advance corpога-
tion tax ; or
( b) by virtue of an election under subsection ( 2 ) of this section
to make any payment without deduction of income tax,
and advance corporation tax ought to have been paid or income tax
ought to have been deducted, as the case may be, the inspector may
make such assessments, adjustments or set-offs as may be required
for securing that the resulting liabilities to tax (including interest on
unpaid tax) of the company paying and the company receiving the
dividends or payment are, so far as possible, the same as they would
have been if the advance corporation tax had been duly paid or the
income tax had been duly deducted.
( 4A ) Where tax assessed under subsection (4 ) above on the com-
pany which paid the dividends or made the payment is not paid by
that company before the expiry of three months from the date on
which that tax is payable, that tax shall, without prejudice to the
right to recover it from that company, be recoverable from the
company which received the dividends or payment.
Section 94. SCHEDULE 16
APPORTIONMENT OF INCOME ETC. OF CLOSE COMPANIES
PART I
POWERS OF APPORTIONMENT AND CONSEQUENCES OF
APPORTIONMENT
Power to apportion excess of company's relevant income
over its distributions
1.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraphs ( 2) and (3) below, the income
of aclose company for any accounting period may, for the purposes
of this Schedule, be apportioned by the inspector among the
participators.
( 2) Subject to paragraphs 2 and 3 below-
(a ) an apportionment shall not be made under this paragraph
unless the relevant income of the company for the account-
ing period exceeds its distributions for that period ; and
(b ) the amount apportioned shall be the amount of that excess,
and Part II of this Schedule shall have effect for determining the
relevant income and distributions of a company for an accounting
period and whether or not there is any such excess.
Finance Act 1972 717
c .41
( 3) Subject to paragraphs 2 and 3 below, an apportionment shall not be made under this paragraph of the income of-
(a ) a trading company ; or
( b) a company which is a member of a trading group by virtue
of paragraph 11(2)( a) below,
unless the excess mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above is more than
£1,000.
( 4) Any amount apportioned to a close company under sub-
paragraph (1) above, or by one or more sub-apportionments under
this sub-paragraph, may be further apportioned among the
participators in that company.
( 5 ) Subject to paragraph 13 below, this paragraph shall, notwith-
standing the winding up of a company, or the passing of any
resolution or the making of any order or anything else done for the
purpose of winding up a company, continue to apply as if the
company were not being wound up.
SCH. 16
Power to apportion whole of relevant income of non- trading
company
2. Subject to paragraphs 13(4) and 14( 2) below, there may be
apportioned under paragraph 1 above, if the inspector sees reason
for it, the whole of the relevant income for an accounting period of
aclose company which is not a trading company , whether or not
there is any such excess as is mentioned in sub- paragraph ( 2) of
that paragraph ; and sub-paragraphs (2) and ( 3) of that paragraph
shall accordingly not apply to any apportionment made by virtue
of this paragraph.
Power to apportion amounts deducted in respect of certain
annual payments
3.- (1 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) below, there may be appor-
tioned under paragraph 1 above as if it were income of a close
company for an accounting period any amount which was deducted
in respect of annual payments made by the close company in
arriving at its distributable income for that period and which in
the case of an individual would not have been deductible or would
have been treated as his income in computing his total income.
( 2 ) Sub-paragraph (1) above does not apply to annual payments
which consist of interest or are made wholly and exclusively for
the purposes of the company's trade.
( 3) Any amount apportionable by virtue of this paragraph shall
be in addition to the amount (if any) apportionable under paragraph 1
above without this paragraph, and nothing in sub-paragraphs (2)
and ( 3) of that paragraph shall apply to any apportionment made
by virtue of this paragraph.
c .41
718 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 16 Manner of apportionment
4.- (1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, any apportion-
ment under paragraph 1 above, including any sub- apportionment
of an amount directly or indirectly apportioned to a company, shall
be made according to the respective interests in the company in
question of the participators.
( 2 ) In determining for the purposes of this paragraph the respec-
tive interests of the participators, the inspector may if it seems
proper to him to do so attribute to each participator an interest
corresponding to his interest in the assets of the company available
for distribution among the participators in the event of a winding up
or in any other circumstances.
( 3) Where income of a company which is not a trading company
is apportioned under paragraph 1 above, the inspector may if it
seems proper to him to do so treat a loan creditor as having an
interest for the purposes of this paragraph to the extent to which
the income to be apportioned, or assets representing it , has or have
been expended or applied, or is or are available to be expended
or applied, in redemption, repayment or discharge of the loan
capital or debt (including any premium thereon ) in respect of which
he is a loan creditor.
Consequences of apportionment : income tax
5.- (1 ) Where a sum has been apportioned under paragraph 1
above to an individual ( whether by an original apportionment or a
sub-apportionment ), income tax shall be assessed and charged in
respect of that sum in accordance with the following provisions of
this paragraph.
( 2 ) Where a sum is so apportioned to an individual-
( a ) it shall be treated for the purpose of computing his total
income as income received by him at the end of the
accounting period to which the apportionment relates and,
subject to section 529 of the Taxes Act, shall be deemed
to be the highest part of his total income ;
( b ) no assessment shall be made on the individual in respect of
income tax at the basic rate on that sum ( nor, in the case
mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 4 ) below, in respect of income
tax at any other rate ) but he shall be treated as having paid
income tax at the basic rate on that sum or, if his total
income is reduced by any deductions, on so much of that
sum as is part of his total income as so reduced ;
( c ) no repayment shall be made of the income tax treated by
virtue of paragraph (b) above as having been paid ; and
( d ) the sum so apportioned shall be treated for the purposes of
sections 52 and 53 of the Taxes Act as not brought into
charge to income tax.
( 3) Where a sum is so apportioned to the personal representatives
of adeceased person it shall be treated, in ascertaining the aggregate
Finance Act 1972 c.41 719
income of the estate for the purposes of Part XV of the Taxes Act,
as having been received as mentioned in paragraph (a) of sub-
paragraph (2) above, and paragraphs ( b) to (d) of that sub-paragraph
shall apply accordingly with the necessary modifications .
( 4 ) No individual shall be assessed to income tax by virtue of any
apportionment unless the sum or, where there is a sub-apportionment ,
the aggregate sum on which he is so assessable amounts at least
to-
( a ) £ 200 ; or
(b) 5 per cent. of the amount apportioned,
whichever is the less.
( 5 ) Where an apportionment is made by virtue of paragraph 2
above, an individual shall not be charged to tax on a sum treated
in consequence of the apportionment or any sub-apportionment
as being his income except in so far as it exceeds the amount which,
apart from the apportionment, falls in respect of distributions made
by the company for the accounting period to be included in his
total income.
(6 ) Where the income of a company for any accounting period
has been apportioned under paragraph 1 above or section 296 of
the Taxes Act and the distributions of the company for a later
accounting period for which it is a close company-
( a ) consist of or include a distribution of all or any of the
apportioned income ; and
( b ) exceed the company's relevant income for that later period,
then, if any individual who was charged to tax under this paragraph
or section 297 of the Taxes Act in respect of any of the apportioned
income is entitled to any of that income on its subsequent distribu-
tion as aforesaid , there shall be deemed not to form part of his
total income an amount of the income subsequently distributed
( or of the excess mentioned in paragraph (b) above if it is less) equal
to such fraction as corresponds to-
(i ) the fraction of the apportioned income in respect of which
he was charged to tax ; or
( ii ) the fraction to which he is entitled of the subsequent
distribution of that income,
whichever is the smaller.
(7 ) For the purposes of this paragraph-
( a ) the sum apportioned to any person ;
( b ) the amount mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 4) (b) above ; and
( c) the amount to be excluded from a person's total income in
accordance with sub-paragraph (6) above,
shall respectively be taken to consist of the aggregate of that sum
or amount and such proportion of it as corresponds to the appropriate
rate of advance corporation tax ; but paragraphs ( a ) and ( b) above
shall not apply in the case of any apportionment so far as made by
virtue of paragraph 3 above.
SCH. 16
720 Finance Act 1972
c .41
SCH. 16 ( 8 ) For the purposes of paragraphs ( a ) and ( b) of sub-paragraph
( 7 ) above, the appropriate rate of advance corporation tax is the
rate applicable to a distribution made at the end of the accounting
period to which the apportionment relates, and for the purposes of
paragraph (c ) of that sub-paragraph the appropriate rate of advance
corporation tax is the rate applicable to the distribution mentioned
in sub-paragraph ( 6 ) ( a ) above.
Payment and collection of income tax
6.- (1) Any income tax chargeable under paragraph 5 above in
respect of a sum apportioned to a participator shall be assessed on
the participator and, subject to the provisions of this paragraph, all
the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to assessment and
the collection and recovery of tax shall with any necessary modi-
fications apply to tax chargeable under that paragraph.
( 2) If the whole or any part of the tax assessed on the participator
is not paid within thirty days from the date on which the assessment
became final and conclusive or by 6th July in the year next following
the year of assessment, whichever is the later, a notice of liability to
tax under this paragraph shall be served on the company and the
tax or the part thereof remaining unpaid, as the case may be, shall
thereupon be payable by the company.
( 3) Where a notice of liability is served under sub- paragraph (2 )
above, any interest due on the tax assessed on the participator and
not paid by him, and any interest accruing due on that tax after the
date of service, shall be payable by the company.
( 4 ) Where a notice of liability is served on the company and the
relevant tax and any interest payable by the company under sub-
paragraph (3) above is not paid by the company before the expiry
of three months from the date of service, that tax and interest may,
without prejudice to the right of recovery from the company, be
recovered from the participator.
( 5) Where, in consequence of a sub-apportionment , the foregoing
provisions of this paragraph apply in relation to a participator in a
company other than the company in relation to which the original
apportionment was made, references in those provisions to the
company shall be taken as references to the company in relation to
which the original apportionment was made.
Consequences of apportionment : advance corporation tax
7.- (1 ) This paragraph has effect where the income of a com-
pany is apportioned under paragraph 1 above ; and in this para-
graph " apportioned amount " means the aggregate of the amount
of that income which is so apportioned and such proportion of
that amount as corresponds to the rate of advance corporation tax
applicable to a distribution made at the end of the accounting
period to which the apportionment relates ( " the relevant period " ).
( 2 ) If in the relevant period the company has a surplus of franked
investment income, the surplus ( so far as not already reduced in
Finance Act 1972 721
c.41
consequence of a claim under section 254 or 255 of the Taxes Act
or of being used to frank distributions made by the company in a
subsequent accounting period ) shall be treated for all purposes
as reduced by a sum equal to the apportioned amount or, if that
is greater, as extinguished.
( 3) If in the relevant period the company has no such surplus
( so far as not already reduced as aforesaid ), or the apportioned
amount exceeds that surplus ( so far as not already reduced as
aforesaid ), sub-paragraphs (4) to (6 ) below shall have effect in
relation to a sum equal to the advance corporation tax comprised in
a franked payment made at the end of the relevant period of an
amount equal to the apportioned amount or to that excess, as the
casemaybe .
( 4 ) If, apart from this paragraph, surplus advance corporation
tax of a later accounting period could by virtue of subsection ( 3)
of section 85 of this Act be set against the company's liability
to corporation tax for the relevant period, that advance corporation
tax shall not be so set except to such extent, if any, as would be
possible if the sum mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 3) above had been
advance corporation tax available to be so set against that liability
for the relevant period and had, so far as permitted by that section,
already been set against that liability.
( 5 ) If the sum mentioned in sub- paragraph (3) above exceeds the
amount that could, if it were advance corporation tax available for
the purpose, be set as aforesaid against the company's liability for
the relevant period-
(a ) there shall be deducted from the excess an amount equal to
the advance corporation tax, if any, that could by virtue
of subsection ( 3) of the said section 85 be set against the
company's liability to corporation tax for earlier accounting
periods after taking into account advance corporation tax
so set in consequence of a claim already made under that
subsection ; and
( b ) if no such claim has already been made, advance corpora-
tion tax shall not by virtue of any such claim be set
against the company's liability to corporation tax for any
such earlier accounting periods except to such extent , if
any, as would be possible if an amount equal to any
deduction under paragraph ( a ) above had been advance
corporation tax available to be so set and had, so far as
permitted by the said section 85, already been set against
that liability.
( 6 ) Any excess of the said sum remaining after the deduction
mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 5 )( a) above-
( a ) shall be assessed on and recoverable from the company
as if it were advance corporation tax payable by the
company in respect of a distribution made by it at the
end of the relevant period ; and
( b ) shall be treated as surplus advance corporation tax of the
relevant period falling to be dealt with in accordance
with subsection ( 4 ) of the said section 85.
SCH.116
722 Finance Act 1972
c.41
SCH. 16 ( 7 ) Without prejudice to the application of sub- paragraphs ( 4)
and ( 5 ) above to advance corporation tax which a company is treated
by virtue of section 92 of this Act as having paid , sub- paragraph ( 4)
above shall apply also to advance corporation tax which a company
is so treated as having paid in respect of distributions made in the
relevant period and which, apart from this paragraph, could by
virtue of section 85(1) of this Act be set against the company's
liability to corporation tax for that period.
( 8) Tax assessed by virtue of sub- paragraph ( 6 ) (a ) above shall,
subject to any appeal against the assessment, be due within fourteen
days after the issue of the notice of assessment.
( 9) Sub-paragraph ( 6 )(b) above shall not be construed as authoris-
ing any sum to be carried forward to a later accounting period in
any case in which section 101 of this Act would prevent the carry-
forward of advance corporation tax.
PART II
PROVISIONS FOR DETERMINING RELEVANT INCOME AND
DISTRIBUTIONS, ETC.
Determination of " relevant income "
8 .- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph and of para-
graphs 9 and 13 below, the relevant income of a company for an
accounting period is-
(a ) in the case of a company which is a trading company or a
member of a trading group, so much of its distributable
income for that period as can be distributed without
prejudice to the requirements of the company's business ;
( b ) in the case of a company not within paragraph ( a) above
whose distributable income for that period consists of or
includes estate or trading income-
( i ) so much of the estate or trading income as can be
distributed without prejudice to the requirements of the
company's business so far as concerned with the activities
or assets giving rise to estate or trading income ; and
(ii) its distributable income, if any, other than estate
or trading income ;
( c ) in the case of any other company, its distributable income
for that period.
( 2 ) In arriving at the relevant income for any accounting period-
( a ) where under sub-paragraph (1) above regard is to be had
to the requirements of a company's business, regard shall
be had not only to the current requirements of the
business but also to such other requirements as may be
necessary or advisable for the maintenance and development
of that business but, for this purpose, the provisions of
paragraph 12 below shall apply ;
( b) the amount of the estate or trading income shall be taken as
the amount included in respect of it in the distributable
income.
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 723
"
Maximum amount to be taken as relevant income "
9.- (1 ) Subject to paragraph 13 below , the relevant income of a
company shall in no case be taken to exceed the company's distribut-
able investment income for the accounting period plus 50 per cent.
of the estate or trading income for the period.
( 2 ) In the application of sub-paragraph (1) above to a trading
company, the estate or trading income for an accounting period, if it
is less than the relevant maximum amount shall be treated as reduced
by one half of the amount required to make it up to that relevant
maximum amount or, if it is less than the relevant minimum amount,
shall be disregarded.
( 3) The relevant maximum and minimum amounts referred to
above shall be determined as follows-
( a ) where the company has no associated company in the
accounting period , those amounts are £15,000 and £ 5,000
respectively ;
( b) where the company has one or more associated companies
in the accounting period, the relevant maximum amount
is £15,000 divided by one plus the number of those asso-
ciated companies and the relevant minimum amount is
£5,000 divided by one plus the number of those associated
companies.
( 4) In applying sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) above to any accounting
period of a trading company, an associated company which has not
carried on any trade or business at any time in that accounting
period ( or, if an associated company during part only of that account-
ing period, at any time in that part of that accounting period) shall
be disregarded ; and for the purposes of this paragraph a company
is to be treated as an " associated company " of another at a given
time if at that time one of the two has control of the other or both
are under the control of the same person or persons.
( 5) In determining how many associated companies a trading
company has in an accounting period or whether a trading company
has an associated company in an accounting period, an associated
company shall be counted even if it was an associated company for
part only of the accounting period, and two or more associated
companies shall be counted even if they were associated companies
for different parts of the accounting period.
( 6 ) For an accounting period of less than twelve months the
relevant maximum and minimum amounts determined in accordance
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall be propor-
tionately reduced.
Distributions to be taken into account, and meaning of
distributable income " , etc."
10.- (1 ) For the purposes of this Schedule the distributions of
a company for an accounting period shall be taken to consist of-
( a ) any dividends which are declared in respect of the period
and are paid during the period or within a reasonable time
thereafter, and
SCH. 16
c. 41
724 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 16 (b ) all distributions made in the period except dividends which ,
in relation to any previous period, would fall under para-
graph ( a ) above or section 291(1)(a) of the Taxes Act :
Provided that, where a period of account is not an accounting
period, dividends which, if it were an accounting period , would be
treated under paragraph (a ) above as distributions for that account-
ing period shall be apportioned to any accounting period or part of
an accounting period falling within the period of account in pro-
portion to the distributable income of each such period or part.
( 2 ) For the purposes of this Schedule, the " distributable income "
of a company for an accounting period shall be the amount of its
distributable profits for the period exclusive of the part attributable
to chargeable gains, and, for the purposes of this sub-paragraph-
( a ) the " distributable profits " of a company for an accounting
period shall be the aggregate of the following amounts, that
is to say-
( i ) the amount of any profits on which corporation
tax falls finally to be borne, less the amount of that tax,
(ii) an amount equal to the qualifying distributions
comprised in any franked investment income, other than
franked investment income against which relief is given
under section 254 or 255 of the Taxes Act, and
(iii ) an amount equal to any group income,
(b ) the part of a company's distributable profits attributable to
chargeable gains shall be taken to be the amount of the
chargeable gains on which corporation tax is finally borne
less the amount of that tax, and
( c ) the amount on which corporation tax falls finally to be borne
( but not the amount of that tax ) shall be computed as if
section 254 of the Taxes Act did not include subsection (5)
or subsection (6 ) of that section ( and as if section 255 of
that Act did not apply the said subsection (5)) .
( 3) For the purposes of this Schedule the " distributable investment
income " of a company for an accounting period shall be the amount
of the distributable income, exclusive of the part attributable to estate
or trading income, and less whichever is the smaller of-
( a ) 10 per cent . of the estate or trading income, and
( b) £500 or, if the accounting period is of less than twelve
months, a proportionately reduced amount.
( 4 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 5 ) below, for the purposes of this
Schedule, the " estate or trading income " of a company means-
( a ) income which is not investment income for the purposes of
paragraph 11 (1) below, and
( b ) income which is chargeable to tax under Schedule A or
Schedule B, and income (other than yearly or other interest)
which is chargeable to tax under Schedule D, and which
arises from the ownership or occupation of land (including
any interest in or right over land ) or from the letting
furnished of any building or part of a building.
Finance Act 1972 725
c.41
( 5) Where the following conditions are satisfied with respect to a close company, that is to say-
( a ) that its activities consist wholly or mainly of the carrying on
of a trade ; and
( b ) that that trade consists wholly or mainly of one or more of
the following, that is to say, life assurance business ( within
the meaning of section 323( 2) of the Taxes Act), insurance
business of any other class, banking, money lending,
financing of hire-purchase or similar transactions, or dealing
in securities,
its income incidental to that trade shall (so far as not otherwise falling
within the definition of estate or trading income in sub-paragraph ( 4)
above) be treated as estate or trading income in arriving, under
paragraph 8 above, at the relevant income for the purposes of
paragraph 1 above.
( 6 ) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (5) above income of a
company is incidental to its trade if , and only if-
( a ) it is derived from investments (other than investments in a
51 per cent. subsidiary ) or is interest on a debt ; and
( b ) any profit on the sale of the investments would be a trading
receipt, and the debt, if proved to be a bad debt , would be
allowed as a deduction, in computing the company's trading
income for the purposes of corporation tax.
(7 ) The amount for part of an accounting period of any description
of income referred to in sub-paragraphs ( 2) to ( 5 ) above shall be a
proportionate part of the amount for the whole period .
( 8) In determining the amount for any period of any description
of income referred to in sub -paragraphs (2) to ( 5) above, any deduc-
tion from the company's profits for charges on income, expenses of
management or other amounts which can be deducted from or set
against or treated as reducing profits of more than one description
shall be treated as made-
( a ) first from the company's income charged to corporation tax
other than estate or trading income ;
( b) secondly, so far as it cannot be made under ( a ) above, from
the company's estate or trading income so charged ; and
( c ) thirdly, so far as it cannot be made under (a ) or ( b) above,
from the amount included in the company's profits in respect
of chargeable gains .
Meaning of " trading company " and " member of a trading group "
11.- (1 ) For the purposes of this Schedule, a " trading company
"
is any company which exists wholly or mainly for the purpose of
carrying on a trade, and any other company whose income does not
consist wholly or mainly of investment income, that is to say, income,
which, if the company were an individual, would not be earned
income ; but for this purpose any amount which is apportioned to a
company under paragraph 1 above shall be deemed to be income of
the company and to be investment income.
SCH. 16
с.41
726 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 16 ( 2) For the purposes of this Schedule, a company is to be treated
as a"member of a trading group " if , but only if-
( a ) it exists wholly or mainly for the purpose of co -ordinating the
administration of a group of two or more companies each
of which is under its control and exists wholly or mainly for
the purpose of carrying on a trade, or
( b) it is under the control of another company resident in the
United Kingdom and not itself under the control of a third
company, and it exists wholly or mainly for the purpose of a
trade or trades carried on by that other company or by a
group which, consisting of that other company and a
company or companies also under its control and resident
in the United Kingdom, exists wholly or mainly for the
purpose of carrying on the said trade or trades:
Provided that a company shall not be treated as a member of a
trading group by reason of any company having the control of
another if that control is exercised through a company which is not
resident in the United Kingdom or through a company whose control
depends on a holding a profit on the sale of which would be treated as
a trading receipt of the company.
Requirements of the company's business
12.- (1 ) For the purposes of paragraph 8( 2) above there shall be
regarded as income available for distribution and not as having been
applied, or as being applicable, to the current requirements of a
company's business, or to such other requirements as may be
necessary or advisable for the maintenance and development of that
business-
( a ) any sum expended or applied , or intended to be expended or
applied, out of the income of the company, otherwise than in
pursuance of an obligation entered into by the company
before 4th August 1914-
( i ) in or towards payment for the business, undertaking
or property which the company was formed to acquire or
which was the first business, undertaking or property of a
substantial character in fact acquired by the company, or
( ii ) in redemption or repayment of any share or loan
capital or debt (including any premium thereon) issued or
incurred in or towards payment for any such business,
undertaking or property, or issued or incurred for the
purpose of raising money applied or to be applied in or
towards payment therefor, or
(iii ) in meeting any obligations of the company in
respect of the acquisition of any such business, under-
taking or property, or
(iv ) in redemption or repayment of any share or loan
capital or debt ( including any premium thereon ) issued or
incurred otherwise than for adequate consideration, and
(b) any sum expended or applied, or intended to be expended or
applied, in pursuance or in consequence of any fictitious or
artificial transactions, and
Finance Act 1972 727
c. 41
(c ) in the case of a company which is neither a trading company
nor a member of a trading group, any sum expended or
applied, or available to be expended or applied, out of the
income of the company in or towards the redemption,
repayment or discharge of any loan capital or debt (includ-
ing any premium thereon) in respect of which any person
is a loan creditor of the company.
( 2 ) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1)( a )(iv ) above, share or
loan capital or debt shall be deemed to be issued or incurred otherwise
than for adequate consideration if-
( a ) it is issued or incurred for consideration the value of which to
the company is substantially less than the amount of the
capital or debt (including any premium thereon), or
( b) it is issued or incurred in or towards, or for the purpose of
raising money applied or to be applied in or towards, the
redemption or repayment of any share or loan capital or
debt which itself was issued or incurred for such considera-
tion as is mentioned in paragraph (a ) of this sub-paragraph
or which represents, directly or indirectly, any share or loan
capital or debt which itself was issued or incurred for
such consideration.
(3) References in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph to
money applied or to be applied for any purpose shall be deemed to
include references to money applied or to be applied in or towards
the replacement of that money.
SCH. 16
Cessations and liquidations
13.- (1 ) Where a close company ceases to carry on the trade,
or the business of holding investments, in which its activities wholly
or mainly consisted, the relevant income of the company for any
accounting period in which that event occurs, or which ends in
or within the twelve months ending with that event, shall be cal-
culated as if-
( a) paragraph 8(1)( a) and (b)(i) above referred respectively
to the whole of the company's distributable income and to
the whole of the estate or trading income and not to
so much thereof as can be distributed without prejudice to
the requirements there mentioned, and paragraphs 8( 2)(a)
and 12 above were omitted ;
( b ) in paragraph 9(1) above the words " 50 per cent. of" were
omitted .
( 2) Where sub-paragraph (1) above applies for an accounting
period and the company could not make distributions without
prejudice to the claims of creditors (excluding those mentioned in
sub- paragraph (3) below), the excess mentioned in paragraph 1 ( 2)
above shall be disregarded to the extent to which the company could
not make distributions up to the amount of its relevant income
without prejudice to those claims .
с .41
728 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 16
1956 с. 74.
1948 с. 38.
( 3) The creditors to be excluded for the purposes of sub-paragraph
( 2) above are all participators and associates of participators, and all
creditors in respect of debts originally created in favour of or due to
a person who was then a participator or associate of a participator :
Provided that a creditor is not to be excluded in respect of any debt
which either-
( a ) arose in the ordinary course of the company's trade or the
company's business of holding investments and also in the
ordinary course of a trade or profession of the creditor or,
as the case may be, of the participator or associate who was
the original creditor, or
(b ) is a debt for remuneration chargeable to income tax under
Schedule E, or
(c ) is a debt for any rent or other payment due for the use of
tangible property or of copyright in a literary, dramatic,
musical or artistic work within the meaning of the Copy-
right Act 1956 ( or any corresponding right under the law
of a country to which that Act does not extend ), and not
representing more than a reasonable commercial considera-
tion for that use.
( 4) Where sub-paragraph (1) above applies for any accounting
period, there shall be disregarded for the purposes of any apportion-
ment made by virtue of paragraph 2 above so much of the relevant
income of the company for that period as is equal to the amount
which would be disregarded under sub- paragraph ( 2 ) above.
( 5 ) Where a resolution is passed, or an order is made, for the
winding up of a close company, or where any other act is done for a
like purpose in the case of a winding up otherwise than under the
Companies Act 1948, sub-paragraphs (1) to ( 4 ) above shall apply for
any accounting period ending in or with the twelve months ending
with the passing of the resolution or other event, or for any later
accounting period , as they apply, in a case falling within sub-
paragraph ( 1) above, for an accounting period in which a close
company ceases to carry on a trade.
Legal restrictions on distributions
14.- (1 ) Where a company is subject to any restriction imposed by
law as regards the making of distributions, the excess mentioned in
paragraph 1 (2) above shall be disregarded to the extent to which
the company could not make distributions up to the amount of
its relevant income without contravening that restriction.
( 2) Except where paragraph 13( 1) above applies, there shall be
disregarded for the purposes of any apportionment made by virtue
of paragraph 2 above so much of the relevant income of the company
as is equal to any amount which would be disregarded under
sub-paragraph ( 1) above.
Finance Act 1972 729
c .41
PART III
PROCEDURE
Notice of amount to be apportioned
15.- (1 ) Where in the case of any company the inspector proposes
to apportion an amount under paragraph 1 above he shall serve on
the company a notice showing the amount to be apportioned
and, subject to any appeal under this paragraph and to paragraph 17
below, that notice shall be treated as conclusively establishing, both
in relation to the company and for the purposes of any assessment
under paragraph 5 above, that an apportionment can be made in
respect of that amount.
( 2 ) After a notice under sub-paragraph (1) above has been served
on the company it shall not be altered except on appeal or in
accordance with paragraph 17 below.
( 3) The company may by giving notice of appeal in writing to
the inspector within thirty days of the date of any notice under
sub- paragraph (1) above appeal against that notice ; and any notice
under that sub-paragraph shall state the time within which notice of
appeal may be given under this sub-paragraph.
( 4 ) Subject to paragraph 20( 2) below, any appeal under this
paragraph shall be to the General Commissioners except that the
company may elect ( in accordance with section 46(1) of the Manage-
ment Act) to bring the appeal before the Special Commissioners
instead of the General Commissioners.
( 5) The notice of appeal shall specify the grounds of appeal, but
on the hearing of the appeal the Commissioners may allow the
appellant to put forward any ground not specified in the notice, and
take it into consideration if satisfied that the omission was not
wilful or unreasonable.
( 6 ) If a company fails or refuses, on being required to do so under
paragraph 19 below, to furnish a statement of any amount which
in the case of that company could be apportioned under this
Schedule, or renders a statement with which the inspector is not
satisfied, the inspector may make an estimate of that amount to
the best of his judgment, and any relevant decision taken by the
inspector under this sub-paragraph may be reviewed on an appeal
under this paragraph.
( 7) Sections 113 (1B) and ( 3) and 114(2) of the Management Act
(supplementary provisions as to assessments and notices of assess-
ment) shall apply to any notice under sub-paragraph (1) above
as if the determination of the amount to be shown therein were
the making of an assessment and the notice were a notice of
assessment.
Notice of manner of apportionment
16.- ( 1 ) Where a notice has been served on a company under
paragraph 15 above showing an amount to be apportioned, the
inspector shall serve on the company a notice showing the manner
in which that amount is apportioned ( that is to say, the sum
apportioned or sub-apportioned to each participator or, if the
SCH. 16
730 Finance Act 1972
c.41
SCH. 16 inspector thinks fit, to each class of share) and, subject to any appeal
under this paragraph and to paragraph 17 below, that notice shall
be treated, in relation to the company, as conclusively establishing
the manner of apportionment.
( 2) Paragraph 15( 2), (3), (4), ( 5) and (7 ) above shall apply also
to a notice under this paragraph, but any appeal against such a
notice by virtue of this sub- paragraph shall be to the Special
Commissioners.
( 3) The manner of apportionment shown in a notice under this
paragraph may also be questioned on an appeal against any assess-
ment made under paragraph 5 above ; and any relevant decision
taken by the inspector under paragraph 4( 2) or ( 3) above may be
reviewed on an appeal under this paragraph or on an appeal against
any such assessment.
Revision of apportionment
17.- (1 ) If the inspector discovers that the amount apportioned
in the case of any company is or has become insufficient, he may
serve on the company a further notice under paragraph 15(1) above
showing the further amount which ought in his opinion to be appor-
tioned , and a further notice relating to that amount shall then be
served under paragraph 16 above.
( 2 ) Where the amount shown in a notice under sub- paragraph (1)
of paragraph 15 above is excessive because the company's distri-
butable income is smaller than it was taken to be for the purposes
of that notice or because the company's distributions were greater
than they were taken to be for those purposes, the inspector may
serve on the company a further notice under that sub-paragraph
showing a reduced amount ; and where such a notice is served-
( a ) a further notice shall also be served under paragraph 16
above making such amendments in any previous notice
under that paragraph as may be required to take account
of the reduction in the amount apportioned ; and
( b ) there shall be made such adjustments by repayment or
discharge of tax as may be required to secure that liabilities
to tax under paragraphs 5 to 7 above are what they would
have been if the notices originally served under paragraphs
15 and 16 above had been as amended by further notices
served by virtue of this paragraph.
Protection by transmission of accounts
18.- ( 1 ) A close company may, at any time after the general meet-
ing at which the accounts for any period of account are adopted,
forward to the inspector a copy of those accounts, together with a
copy of the report (if any) of the directors for that period and such
further information ( if any) as it may think fit , and may request the
inspector to proceed under this paragraph in relation to any account-
ing period comprised in that period of account:
Provided that this sub-paragraph shall not apply if the company
is neither a trading company nor a member of a trading group and
has no estate or trading income.
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 731
( 2 ) Where the inspector receives a request made in accordance with sub-paragraph (1) above in relation to any accounting period, then,
subject to sub-paragraph (3) below, he shall, within three months after
receipt of the request, intimate to the company whether or not he
proposes to make an apportionment in respect of the company for the
accounting period under paragraph 1 above.
( 3) On receiving a request made in accordance with sub-paragraph
(1) above, the inspector may, not later than three months after the
receipt of the request, call on the company to furnish him with such
further particulars as he may reasonably require ; and, if the inspector
does so, the time for giving the intimation required by sub -paragraph
( 2 ) above shall not expire before three months after he has been
furnished with those particulars.
( 4 ) Where the inspector receives a request made in accordance
with sub -paragraph (1) above in relation to any accounting period,
and does not within the time limited by sub-paragraphs (2) and (3)
above intimate his intention to make an apportionment in respect of
the period, no such apportionment shall be made unless either-
( a ) the information accompanying the request, and any further
particulars furnished to the inspector in connection there-
with, are not such as to make full and accurate disclosure of
all facts and considerations which are material to be known
to him, or
( b) within twelve months of the end of the period any of the
provisions of paragraph 13 above have effect in relation
to the company.
SCH. 16
Information
19.- (1 ) The inspector may, by notice in writing, require any
company which is, or appears to him to be, a close company to
furnish him within such time ( not being less than thirty days) as may
be specified in the notice with such particulars as he thinks necessary
for the purposes of this Schedule.
( 2) If for the purposes of this Schedule any person in whose name
any shares are registered is so required by notice in writing by the
inspector, he shall state whether or not he is the beneficial owner of
the shares and, if not the beneficial owner of the shares or any of
them, shall furnish the name and address of the person or persons on
whose behalf the shares are registered in his name.
( 3) Sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above shall apply in relation to loan capital
as it applies in relation to shares.
( 4 ) The inspector may, for the purposes of this Schedule, by notice
in writing require-
( a ) any company which appears to him to be a close company
to furnish him with particulars of any bearer securities
issued by the company, and the names and addresses of the
persons to whom the securities were issued and the respec-
tive amounts issued to each person ; and
c.41
732 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 16
Section 94.
(b ) any person to whom securities were issued as aforesaid, or
to or through whom such securities were subsequently sold
or transferred, to furnish him with such further information
as he may require with a view to enabling him to ascertain
the names and addresses of the persons beneficially inter-
ested in the securities.
In this sub-paragraph " securities " includes shares, stocks, bonds,
debentures and debenture stock and also any promissory note or
other instrument evidencing indebtedness issued to a loan creditor of
the company.
( 5 ) Any power which the inspector may exercise under this para-
graph for the purposes of this Schedule may be exercised also for the
purposes of sections 286 and 287 of the Taxes Act.
Exercise of powers by Board
20.- (1) Any powers conferred by this Schedule on the inspector
may be exercised by the Board; and references in this Schedule to
the inspector shall be construed accordingly.
( 2 ) Where by virtue of this paragraph a notice is served by the
Board under paragraph 15(1) above any appeal under that paragraph
shall be to the Special Commissioners.
SCHEDULE 17
AMENDMENTS RELATING TO CLOSE COMPANIES
Meaning of close company
1.- (1) Section 282 of the Taxes Act (which defines " close com-
pany") shall be amended as follows .
( 2) For subsection ( 2) ( company treated as close company if more
than half of apportionable income etc. could be apportioned among
five or fewer participators or among participators who are directors)
there shall be substituted-
" ( 2 ) Subject to section 283 below, a company resident in the
United Kingdom ( but not falling within subsection (1)(b) above )
is also a close company if-
( a ) on the assumption that it is so, or
( b ) on the assumption that it and any other such company
or companies are so,
more than half of any amount falling to be apportioned under
Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 in the case of the company
(including any sum which has been apportioned to it, or could on
either of those assumptions be apportioned to it, under that
Schedule ) could be apportioned among five or fewer participators,
or among participators who are directors.
In ascertaining under this subsection whether any amount
could be apportioned among five or fewer participators or among
participators who are directors, account shall, in cases where an
original apportionment and any sub-apportionment are involved ,
c.41
Finance Act 1972 733
be taken only of persons among whom that amount could be finally apportioned as the result of the whole process of original
apportionment and sub-apportionment and those persons shall
be treated as participators or directors if they are participators
or directors of any company in the case of which either an
original apportionment or any sub-apportionment could be
made. "
(3) For subsection ( 4 ) ( company not to be treated as close com-
pany if under control of any company which is not a close company)
there shall be substituted-
" ( 4) A company is not to be treated as a close company-
( a ) if-
( i ) it is controlled by a company which is not a
close company, or by two or more companies none
of which is a close company ; and
(ii ) it cannot be treated as a close company except
by taking as one of the five or fewer participators
requisite for its being so treated a company which
is not a close company ;
( b ) if it cannot be treated as a close company except by
virtue of paragraph ( c ) of section 302( 2) of this Act
and it would not be a close company if the reference
in that paragraph to participators did not include loan
creditors who are companies other than close
companies.
(5 ) References in subsection (4) above to a close company
shall be treated as applying to any company which, if resident in
the United Kingdom, would be a close company. "
Matters treated as distributions
2. In section 284 of the Taxes Act (matters treated as distributions
in relation to close company to include certain payments etc. to
participators and associates) —
( a ) paragraph (a) of subsection (1 ) (annuities and other annual
payments other than interest) ; and
( b ) paragraph ( b) of that subsection ( rents, royalties and other
consideration for use of property other than money ),
shall cease to have effect.
SCH. 17
Loans to participators
3.- ( 1 ) Section 286 of the Taxes Act ( charge of income tax on
loans and advances by close company to participators and associates)
shall be amended as follows .
( 2 ) In subsection (1 ) for the words from " there shall be assessed
on and recoverable from the company " onwards there shall be
substituted the words " there shall be assessed on and recoverable
from the company, as if it were an amount of corporation tax charge-
able on the company for the accounting period in which the loan
с . 41
734 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 17 or advance is made, an amount equal to such proportion of the
amount of the loan or advance as corresponds to the rate of
advance corporation tax in force for the financial year in which
the loan or advance is made ".
( 3) In subsection ( 3) for the words " This section shall not apply "
there shall be substituted the words " Subsection (1) of this section
shall not apply ".
( 4 ) In subsection ( 5 ) for the words " paid the amount assessed on
it " there shall be substituted the words " been assessed to tax " and
for the words " the amount paid by the company, or a proportionate
part of it , shall be repaid " there shall be substituted the words
" relief shall be given from that tax, or a proportionate part of it,
by discharge or repayment. "
( 5 ) Subsection (6 ) shall be omitted .
Covenants by participators
4. Section 288 of the Taxes Act ( charge of income tax on close
company in respect of consideration given to participators and
associates for restrictive covenants etc.) shall cease to have effect.
Definition of control
5. For subsections ( 2) to ( 4 ) of section 302 of the Taxes Act
( definition of control) there shall be substituted-
" (2) For the purposes of this Chapter, a person shall be taken
to have control of a company if he exercises, or is able to
exercise or is entitled to acquire, control, whether direct or
indirect, over the company's affairs, and in particular, but
without prejudice to the generality of the preceding words, if
he possesses or is entitled to acquire-
( a ) the greater part of the share capital or issued share
capital of the company or of the voting power in the
company ; or
(b ) such part of the issued share capital of the company as
would, if the whole of the income of the company were
in fact distributed among the participators ( without
regard to any rights which he or any other person has
as a loan creditor), entitle him to receive the greater
part of the amount so distributed ; or
( c ) such rights as would, in the event of the winding up of
the company or in any other circumstances, entitle him
to receive the greater part of the assets of the company
which would then be available for distribution among
the participators.
( 3) Where two or more persons together satisfy any of the
conditions of subsection ( 2) above, they shall be taken to have
control of the company.
( 4 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 2 ) above a person shall be
treated as entitled to acquire anything which he is entitled to
acquire at a future date, or will at a future date be entitled
to acquire."
c .41
Finance Act 1972 735
Definition of director
6. In subsection ( 5 ) of section 303 of the Taxes Act (under which
a manager is treated as a director if he satisfies the conditions
specified in that subsection ) paragraph (b) ( which requires him to be
remunerated out of the funds of the company's trade or business)
shall cease to have effect.
Definition of loan creditor
7. After section 303( 7) of the Taxes Act ( definition of loan creditor)
there shall be added-
" ( 8) A person who is not the creditor in respect of any debt
or loan capital to which subsection (7 ) above applies but
nevertheless has a beneficial interest therein shall, to the extent
of that interest , be treated for the purposes of this Chapter as a
loan creditor in respect of that debt or loan capital."
Commencement
8. Paragraphs 1 and 5 to 7 above, so far as relevant for the
purposes of Schedule 16 to this Act, have effect in relation to
accounting periods ending after 5th April 1973 and, subject as
aforesaid, this Schedule has effect from 6th April 1973 .
SCHEDULE 18
INSURANCE COMPANIES
Expenses of management
1.- (1) In subsection ( 2 ) of section 305 of the Taxes Act (restric-
tion on relief for expenses of management) the reference to income
tax shall be omitted, but for the purposes of that subsection-
( a ) any tax credit to which the company is entitled in respect
of a distribution received by it shall be treated as an
equivalent amount of corporation tax borne or paid in
respect of that distribution ; and
( b ) any payment in respect of that credit under section 254 of
that Act shall be treated as reducing the tax so treated as
borne or paid.
( 2 ) The other reliefs mentioned in the said subsection (2 ) shall
not include any set-off under section 85 of this Act.
( 3) In applying the said subsection ( 2 ) to an accounting period
in which a company carries on any business in addition to life
assurance business, or carries on both ordinary life assurance busi-
ness and industrial life assurance business, the tax that would have
been paid if the company had been charged under Case I of
Schedule D in respect of its life assurance business, or its life
assurance business of either of those classes, shall be calculated as
if any advance corporation tax set against the company's liability
to corporation tax for that accounting period were apportioned to the
corporation tax attributable to each business in proportion to the
profits of that business charged to corporation tax for that accounting
period .
SCH. 17
Section 97.
736 Finance Act 1972
c.41
SCH. 18 Rate relief : investment income reserved for policy holders
2.- (1 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 2 ) of section 310 of the
Taxes Act (rate relief from corporation tax) the reliefs to be taken
into account shall not include any set-off under section 85 of this
Act, and " any relief " in subsection ( 4 )(b) of the said section 310
shall be construed accordingly.
( 2 ) Subsection ( 3) of the said section 310 (rate relief from income
tax where rate exceeds 37.5 per cent. ) shall cease to have effect.
( 3) For subsection (5 ) of the said section 310 there shall be
substituted-
" ( 5) Any such part of the franked investment income from
investments held in connection with a company's life assurance
business as is specified in subsection ( 6 ) below shall not be
used under Part V of the Finance Act 1972 to frank distributions
made by the company. "
( 4) For the purposes of section 85 of this Act the income charged
to corporation tax for any accounting period ( as defined in sub-
section ( 6 ) of that section ) shall be reduced by an amount equal to
the part specified in subsection (6 ) of the said section 310 of any
unrelieved income ( as defined in subsection ( 4 ) of that section ) in
respect of which a claim may be made under that section.
( 5) Where sub-paragraph (3) or (4) above would deny to a company
any relief to which it would have been entitled if it had been charged
to tax in respect of its life assurance business under Case I of
Schedule D, corresponding relief shall be afforded to the company
by repayment of , or set-off against, corporation tax or by payment
of tax credit comprised in franked investment income from invest-
ments held in connection with that business.
General annuity business
3. In section 313 of the Taxes Act for subsection (4 ) there shall
be substituted-
" (4) Subject to subsection ( 5 ) below, franked investment
income which is taken into account under subsection (2) above
to enable annuities referable to general annuity business to be
treated as charges on income shall not be used under Part V of
the Finance Act 1972 to frank distributions made by the
company. "
Pension business
4.- (1) In subsection (1) of section 314 of the Taxes Act the
reference to income tax shall be omitted , but if in the case of an
insurance company the income mentioned in that subsection includes
a distribution in respect of which the company is entitled to a tax
credit , the company may, subject to sub- paragraph ( 2 ) below, claim
tohave the amount of that credit paid to it.
( 2) If the company mentioned in sub- paragraph (1) above is resi-
dent in the United Kingdom (so that the distribution and the tax
credit there mentioned constitute franked investment income of that
Finance Act 1972 737
c.41
company ) no franked investment income comprising any tax credit
SCH. 18
which is paid under that sub-paragraph shall be used under Part V
of the Finance Act 1972 to frank the company's distributions ; but 1972 c. 41.
where the company makes an election under subsection ( 4 ) of the
said section 314 neither sub-paragraph (1) above nor the foregoing
provisions of this sub-paragraph shall apply to the franked investment
income to which the election relates.
( 3 ) Subsection ( 3)( b) and ( c ) of the said section 314 shall cease
to have effect and in subsection ( 4 ) of that section the words from
66
" If an accounting period " to " periods, and " and the words or
part of an accounting period " shall be omitted.
( 4 ) In section 315(8)( b) for the words " under provisions of the
law of that country corresponding with section 314(1) above exemp-
tion from income tax is allowable " there shall be substituted the
“
words the law of that country makes provision corresponding
with section 314(1) above and paragraph 4(1 ) and ( 2 ) of Schedule 18
to the Finance Act 1972 " .
Distributions to be taken into account in computing profits
5.- (1 ) Distributions which are not qualifying distributions shall
not be taken into account-
( a ) in computing under section 312 of the Taxes Act the profits
arising to an insurance company or overseas life insurance
company from general annuity business or pension
business ;
( b ) in computing under section 316 of that Act the income
of an overseas life insurance company from the investments
there mentioned ;
and the only distributions to be taken into account for the purposes
of section 320( 2 ) of that Act ( distributions treated as franked
investment income in case of overseas life insurance company
exempt from charge under the said section 316 ) shall be distributions
in respect of which the company is entitled to a tax credit.
( 2 ) Accordingly in sections 316 ( 2 ) and 318( 1 ) for the word
"distributions " there shall be substituted the words " qualifying
distributions " and in section 320( 2) after the word " distributions "
there shall be inserted the words " ( being distributions in respect of
which the company receiving them is entitled to a tax credit) ".
Set -off of income tax and tax credit against corporation tax
borne by overseas life insurance company
6. Where an overseas life insurance company receives a distribution
in respect of which it is entitled to a tax credit the company may
claim to have that credit set off against any corporation tax assessed
on the company under section 316 or 318 of the Taxes Act for the
accounting period in which the distribution is received, but the
restriction in section 319( 2 ) and ( 3) of that Act on the amount of
income tax that may be set off against corporation tax assessed under
the said section 316 or 318 shall apply to the aggregate of that
income tax and of the tax credit that can be so set off by virtue
of this paragraph.
2A
с.41
738 Finance Act 1972
Section 99.
1965 с. 25.
SCHEDULE 19
TRANSITIONAL RELIEF FOR COMPANIES WITH OVERSEAS TRADING
INCOME
Amendments of section 84 of Finance Act 1965
1.- (1) In subsection (3) of section 84 of the Finance Act 1965
for the words " the amount after deducting income tax borne by
the company on franked investment income of the income tax de-
ducted or deductible from the company's dividends " there shall be
substituted the words " the amount of the advance corporation tax
paid or payable in respect of the company's dividends ".
( 2 ) In subsection ( 5 ) of that section for the words " the company
by virtue of an election under section 48 of this Act pays any divi-
dends without deduction of income tax " there shall be substituted
the words " any of the dividends paid by the company are dividends
to which section 84 of the Finance Act 1972 does not apply by
virtue of an election under section 256 of the Income and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970 " and for the words " if all the dividends so paid
are paid without deduction of income tax " there shall be substituted
the words " if all the dividends so paid are dividends to which the
said section 84 does not so apply " .
( 3) The expressions " unused credit for foreign tax " and " the
current charge to corporation tax " ( defined in subsection (8)(b) and
( c ) of the said section 84 ) shall be construed as if the rate of corpora-
tion tax for any relevant financial year were 40 per cent. and as if
the law relating to corporation tax were the same as it was on 1st
April 1972.
( 4 ) For paragraph (d ) of subsection ( 8) of that section there shall
be substituted-
" (d ) ' dividend ' does not include a capital dividend or a divi-
dend which is not a qualifying distribution, and in relation
to any dividends ' advance corporation tax paid or pay-
able ' includes advance corporation tax which would have
been payable but for the dividends being group income,
and for the purposes of this section there shall be dis-
regarded any advance corporation tax which a company is
treated as having paid by virtue of section 92 of the
Finance Act 1972 " .
Amendments of Schedule 20 to Finance Act 1965
2.- (1) In paragraph 3(2)(a)(ii) of Schedule 20 to the Finance Act
1965 for the words " abatement in respect of dividends paid without
deduction of income tax " there shall be substituted the words
" abatement in respect of dividends to which section 84 of the
Finance Act 1972 does not apply".
( 2 ) In paragraph 3(2)(b) of that Schedule for the words " dividends
without deduction of income tax " there shall be substituted the
words " dividends to which the said section 84 did not apply by
virtue of an election under section 256 of the Income and Corporation
Taxes Act 1970 ".
Finance Act 1972 739
c. 41
( 3) In paragraph 3( 4 ) of that Schedule, in the words preceding
paragraph (a), for the words " income tax deducted or deductible
from dividends " there shall be substituted the words " advance
corporation tax paid or payable in respect of dividends ".
( 4 ) For paragraph 3( 4 )( a ) of that Schedule there shall be substi-
tuted-
" (a) there shall be treated as an amount of advance corporation
tax so paid or payable any amount by which the advance
corporation tax paid in respect of dividends paid to it by
the other member of the group (after deducting a sum
equal to any amount of tax credit paid to the company
under section 254 or 255 of the Income and Corporation
Taxes Act 1970 in respect of the dividends) exceeds the
appropriate fraction of the relief falling to be given to
the other member in that year, before abatement in respect
of dividends to which section 84 of the Finance Act 1972
does not apply ".
( 5 ) In paragraph 3( 5 ) of that Schedule for the words " income tax
deducted or deductible from dividends " there shall be substituted
the words " advance corporation tax paid or payable in respect of
dividends ".
( 6) In paragraph 3( 6 ) of that Schedule for the words " abatement
in respect of dividends paid without deduction of income tax " and
" in respect of dividends so paid " there shall be substituted re-
spectively the words " abatement in respect of dividends to which
section 84 of the Finance Act 1972 does not apply " and " under
subsection (5) of the principal section ".
( 7 ) In paragraph 4(1) of that Schedule for the words " the amount
( before deduction of income tax ) of those dividends " there shall be
substituted the words " the amount of those dividends ( together with
such proportion thereof as corresponds to the rate of advance cor-
poration tax applicable to them ) ".
SCHEDULE 20
COLLECTION OF INCOME TAX ON COMPANY PAYMENTS WHICH
ARE NOT DISTRIBUTIONS
Interpretation
1. In this Schedule " relevant payment " means any payment to
which section 104 of this Act applies .
Duty to make returns
2.- (1 ) A company shall for each of its accounting periods make,
in accordance with this Schedule, returns to the collector of the
relevant payments made by it in that period and of the income tax
for which it is accountable in respect of those payments.
(2 ) A return shall be made for-
( a ) each complete quarter falling within the accounting period ,
that is to say, each of the periods of three months ending
with 31st March, 30th June, 30th September or 31st
December which falls within that period ;
2A2
SCH. 19
Section 104.
740 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH. 20 ( b ) each part of the accounting period which is not a complete
quarter and ends on the first ( or only ), or begins immediately
after the last ( or only), of those dates which falls within the
accounting period ;
( c ) if none of those dates falls within the accounting period,
the whole accounting period.
( 3) A return for any period for which a return is required to be
made under this paragraph shall be made within fourteen days from
the end of that period.
Contents of returns
3. The return made by acompany for any period shall show-
( a ) the amount of any relevant payments made by the com-
pany in that period ; and
( b) the income tax in respect of those payments for which the
company is accountable.
Payment of tax
4.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 4 ) below, income tax in respect
of any payment required to be included in a return under this
Schedule shall be due at the time by which the return is to be made,
and income tax so due shall be payable by the company without
the making of any assessment.
( 2 ) Income tax which has become due as aforesaid may be as-
sessed on the company ( whether or not it has been paid when the
assessment is made ) if that tax, or any part of it , is not paid on or
before the due date.
( 3 ) If it appears to the inspector that there is a relevant payment
which ought to have been and has not been included in a return,
or if the inspector is dissatisfied with any return, he may make an
assessment on the company to the best of his judgment ; and any
income tax due under an assessment made by virtue of this sub-
paragraph shall be treated for the purposes of interest on unpaid
tax as having been payable at the time when it would have been
payable if a correct return had been made.
( 4 ) Where a payment has been included in a return under Schedule
14 to this Act by virtue of paragraph 7(1)( b ) of that Schedule and
it becomes apparent that the payment is not a qualifying distribution
but a relevant payment-
(a ) sub-paragraph (1) above shall not apply to that payment ;
and
( b ) income tax shall be assessed in respect of it on the company.
Set - off of income tax borne on company income against
tax payable
5.- (1) Where in any accounting period a company receives any
payment on which it bears income tax by deduction the company
may claim to have the income tax thereon set against any income
tax which it is liable to pay under this Schedule in respect of pay-
ments made by it in that period .
с . 41
Finance Act 1972 741
( 2 ) Any such claim shall be included in a return made under para-
graph 2 above for the accounting period in question and (where
necessary ) income tax paid by the company under this Schedule for
that accounting period and before the claim is allowed shall be
repaid accordingly.
6.- (1) Where a claim has been made under paragraph 5 above
no proceedings for collecting tax which would fall to be discharged
if the claim were allowed shall be instituted pending the final de-
termination of the claim, but this sub-paragraph shall not affect the
date when the tax is due.
( 2 ) When the claim is finally determined any tax underpaid in
consequence of sub-paragraph (1) above shall be paid.
( 3) Where proceedings are instituted for collecting tax assessed, or
interest on tax assessed, under any provision of paragraph 4 above,
effect shall not be given to any claim made after the institution of
the proceedings so as to affect or delay the collection or recovery of
the tax charged by the assessment or of interest thereon, until the
claim has been finally determined.
( 4 ) When the claim is finally determined any tax overpaid in con-
sequence of sub-paragraph ( 3) above shall be repaid.
( 5 ) References in this paragraph to proceedings for the collection
of tax include references to proceedings by way of distraint or
poinding for tax.
7. Income tax set against other tax under paragraph 5 above shall
be treated as paid or repaid, as the case may be, and the same tax
shall not be taken into account both under this Schedule and under
section 240(5) of the Taxes Act.
Items included in error
8. Where any item has been included in a return or claim under
this Schedule as a relevant payment but should have been included in
areturn under Schedule 14 to this Act, the inspector may make such
assessments , adjustments or set-offs as may be required for securing
that the resulting liabilities to tax (including interest on unpaid tax )
whether of the company or of any other person are the same as they
would have been if the item had been included in the right return.
Relevant payment made otherwise than in accounting period
9. Where a company makes a relevant payment on a date which
does not fall within an accounting period the company shall make
a return of that payment within fourteen days from that date, and
the income tax for which the company is accountable in respect of
that payment shall be due at the time by which the return is to be
made.
Assessments and due date of tax
10.- (1) All the provisions of the Income Tax Acts as to the
time within which an assessment may be made, so far as they refer
or relate to the year of assessment for which an assessment is made,
or the year to which an assessment relates, shall apply in relation to
any assessment under this Schedule notwithstanding that, under this
2A3
SCH . 20
c .41
742 Finance Act 1972
SCH . 20 Schedule, the assessment may be said to relate to a quarter or other
period which is not a year of assessment, and the provisions of
sections 36 and 37 of the Management Act as to the circumstances
in which an assessment may be made out of time shall apply accord-
ingly on the footing that any such assessment relates to the year of
assessment in which the quarter or other period ends.
( 2 ) Income tax assessed on a company under this Schedule shall
be due within fourteen days after the issue of the notice of assess-
ment ( unless due earlier under paragraph 4( 1) or 9 above).
( 3) Sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above has effect subject to any appeal
against the assessment, but no such appeal shall affect the date when
tax is due under paragraph 4 (1) or 9 above.
( 4 ) Onthe determination of an appeal against an assessment under
this Schedule any tax overpaid shall be repaid.
( 5 ) Any tax assessable under any one or more of the provisions
of this Schedule may be included in one assessment if the tax so
included is all due on the same date.
Saving
11. Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall be
taken to prejudice any powers conferred by the Income Tax Acts for
the recovery of income tax by means of an assessment or otherwise ;
and any assessment in respect of tax payable under paragraph 9 above
shall be treated for the purposes of the provisions mentioned in
paragraph 10(1) above as relating to the year of assessment in which
the payment is made.
Section 105 SCHEDULE 21
RETURNS OF DISTRIBUTIONS WHICH ARE NOT
QUALIFYING DISTRIBUTIONS
1.- (1 ) Where a company makes a distribution which is not a
qualifying distribution it shall make a return to the inspector-
( a ) within fourteen days from the end of the accounting period
in which the distribution is made ; or
( b ) if the distribution is made on a date not falling in an ac-
counting period , within fourteendays from that date.
( 2 ) The said return shall contain-
( a ) particulars of the transaction giving rise to the distribution ;
and
( b) the name and address of the person, or each of the persons,
receiving the distribution, and the amount or value of the
distribution received by him or each of them.
2. Where it is not in the circumstances apparent whether a trans-
action gives rise to a distribution in respect of which a return is
required to be made under paragraph 1 above, the company shall-
( a ) within the time within which such a return would be re-
quired to be made if the transaction did give rise to such
Finance Act 1972 743
c. 41
a distribution, make a return to the inspector containing
particulars ofthe transaction in question ; and
( b) if required by a notice served on the company by the
inspector, furnish him within the time specified in the notice
with such further information in relation to the transaction
as he may reasonably require.
3. If it appears to the inspector that particulars of any transaction
ought to have been and have not been included in a return under
this Schedule, he may by a notice served on the company require the
company to furnish him within the time specified in the notice with
such information relating thereto as he may reasonably require.
4. Any power which the inspector may exercise under paragraph
19 of Schedule 16 to this Act for the purposes of that Schedule may
be exercised by him for the purposes of this Schedule.
SCH. 21
SCHEDULE 22
AMENDMENTS AS TO MEANING OF " DISTRIBUTION "
Distributions out of assets
1. In paragraph (b) of subsection ( 2) of section 233 of the Taxes
Act (distributions out of company's assets otherwise than for new
consideration ) for the words " new consideration given for the
distribution " there shall be substituted the words " new considera-
tion received by the company for the distribution ".
Issues of bonus redeemable share capital and bonus securities
2.- (1) Paragraph (c ) of the said subsection ( 2 ) (redeemable share
capital or security issued by company in respect of shares otherwise
than for new consideration ) shall apply also to any such capital
or security issued after 5th April 1972 as is mentioned in that para-
graph but in respect of securities and not shares, and accordingly
for that paragraph there shall be substituted-
" (c ) any redeemable share capital or any security-
( i ) issued by the company in respect of shares in the
company ; or
( ii ) issued by the company after 5th April 1972 in
respect of securities of the company,
otherwise than wholly for new consideration, or such part
of any redeemable share capital or any security so issued
as is not properly referable to new consideration ; "
and paragraph (d ) (i) of that subsection (interest on securities
mentioned in the said paragraph ( c )) shall have effect accordingly.
( 2 ) For the purposes of the said paragraph ( c )
( a ) the value of any redeemable share capital shall be taken
to be the amount of the share capital together with any
premium payable on redemption, or in a winding up, or in
any other circumstances ; and
2A4
Section 106.
c. 41
744 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 22 ( b ) the value of any security shall be taken to be the principal
amount thereby secured (including any premium payable
at maturity or in a winding up or in any other circum-
stances) ;
and in determining the amount of the distribution constituted by the
issue of any redeemable share capital or any security, the capital or
security shall be taken at that value.
Interest etc. on certain kinds of securities
3.- (1) Sub-paragraph (ii ) of paragraph ( d ) of the said sub-
section (2) (securities convertible directly or indirectly into shares,
being securities which are not quoted or comparable to any which
are quoted) shall apply also to securities issued after 5th April
1972 which are not quoted or comparable as aforesaid and carry
any right to receive shares in or securities of the company, and
accordingly for that sub-paragraph there shall be substituted-
" (ii) securities convertible directly or indirectly into shares in
the company or securities issued after 5th April 1972 and
carrying any right to receive shares in or securities of the
company, not being ( in either case) securities quoted on a
recognised stock exchange nor issued on terms which are
reasonably comparable with the terms of issue of securities
so quoted ; or ".
( 2 ) In the case of any interest or other distribution to which
the said paragraph (d ) applies by virtue of so much of sub-
paragraph (iii ) thereof as relates to securities under which the
consideration represents more than a reasonable commercial return
for the use of the principal secured, that paragraph shall not
operate so as to treat as a distribution so much of the interest or
other distribution as represents a reasonable commercial return
for the use of that principal.
( 3 ) No amount shall be regarded for the purposes of the said
paragraph (d ) as representing the principal secured by a security is-
sued after 5th April 1972 in so far as it exceeds any new considera-
tion which has been received by the company for the issue of the
security.
This sub-paragraph is without prejudice to section 237( 6 ) of the
Taxes Act (calculation of principal secured where securities are
issued at a price less than the amount repayable on them).
Transfer of assets and liabilities between resident companies
4.- (1) No transfer of assets (other than cash) or of liabilities be-
tween one company and another shall constitute, or be treated as
giving rise to, a distribution by virtue of subsection ( 2)( b) or (3) of
the said section 233 if they are companies-
( a ) both of which are resident in the United Kingdom and
neither of which is a 51 per cent. subsidiary of a company
not so resident ; and
( b ) which neither at the time of the transfer nor as a result
of it are under common control.
Finance Act 1972 745
с .41
( 2 ) For the purposes of this paragraph two companies are under
common control if they are under the control of the same person
or persons, and for this purpose " control " shall be construed in
accordance with section 302 of the Taxes Act.
( 3) Any amount which would be a distribution by virtue of
subsection (3) of the said section 233 apart from the proviso to that
subsection (groups of companies resident in the United Kingdom),
shall not constitute a distribution by virtue of subsection ( 2)( b) of that
section.
Bonus issue with or following repayment of share capital
5.- (1) Section 234 of the Taxes Act (which treats a bonus issue
of share capital other than redeemable share capital as a distribution
if it is made at the same time as or after a repayment of share
capital) shall apply whether or not the bonus issue is of redeemable
share capital, and accordingly in subsection (1)( b) of that section
the words " not being redeemable share capital " shall be omitted.
( 2) Except in relation to a company within paragraph D of section
461 of the Taxes Act ( closely controlled companies), the said section
234 shall not apply if the issue of share capital mentioned in para-
graph ( b ) of subsection (1) of that section-
( a ) is of share capital other than redeemable share capital ; and
( b ) takes place more than ten years after the repayment of share
capital mentioned in paragraph ( a ) of that subsection.
( 3) This paragraph applies where the issue of share capital men-
tioned in section 234(1)(b) takes place on or after the 6th April 1973 ;
and sub-paragraph ( 2) above applies whether the repayment of share
capital there mentioned takes place before, on or after that date.
Repayment of capital following bonus issue
6 .- (1) Subsection (1) of section 235 of the Taxes Act ( under which
a distribution cannot be treated as a repayment of share capital if it
follows a bonus issue which does not itself fall to be treated as a
distribution) shall apply where the bonus issue falls to be treated as a
distribution other than a qualifying distribution, and accordingly in
that subsection for the words " treated as a distribution " and
" treated as distributions " there shall be substituted the words
" treated as a qualifying distribution " and " treated as qualifying
distributions " respectively.
( 2) Except in relation to a company within paragraph D of
section 461 of the Taxes Act, subsection (1 ) of the said section 235
shall not prevent a distribution being treated as a repayment of share
capital if it is made-
( a ) more than ten years after the issue of share capital mentioned
in paragraph ( a ) of that subsection ; and
( b ) in respect of share capital other than redeemable share
capital.
( 3) Sub-paragraph (1) above applies where the issue of share
capital mentioned in section 235( 1 )( a) takes place on or after 6th
April 1973 ; and sub-paragraph ( 2 ) above applies whether it takes
place before, on or after that date.
SCH. 22
c.41
746 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 22 Stock dividend options
7. Section 236 of the Taxes Act (which treats as a distribution
any share capital taken in lieu of a cash dividend ) shall cease to
have effect.
New consideration derived from shares or securities etc.
8.- (1) No consideration derived from the value of any share
capital or security of a company, or from voting or other rights in a
company, shall be regarded for the purposes of Part X of the Taxes
Act or this Schedule as new consideration received by the company
unless the consideration consists of-
( a ) money or value received from the company as a qualifying
distribution ;
( b) money received from the company as a payment which for
those purposes constitutes a repayment of that share capital
or of the principal secured by that security ; or
( c ) the giving up of the right to that share capital or security
on its cancellation, extinguishment or acquisition by the
company.
( 2 ) No amount shall be regarded as new consideration by virtue of
sub-paragraph ( 1 )(b) or ( c) above in so far as it exceeds any new
consideration received by the company for the issue of the share
capital or security in question or, in the case of share capital which
constituted a qualifying distribution on issue, the nominal value
of that share capital.
Reciprocal arrangements
9.- (1) Where two or more companies enter into arrangements
to make distributions to each other's members, all parties concerned
may for the purposes of Part X of the Taxes Act and this Schedule
be treated as if anything done by either of those companies had
been done by the other.
( 2 ) This paragraph applies however many companies participate in
the arrangements .
Groups of companies
10.- (1) In Part X of the Taxes Act and this Schedule the expres-
sions " in respect of shares in a company " and " in respect of se-
curities of a company " in relation to a company which is a member
of a 90 per cent. group, mean respectively in respect of shares in that
company or any other company in the group and in respect of securi-
ties of that company or any other company in the group.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to section 233( 2) (b) of that Act as extended
by the foregoing sub- paragraph, in relation to a company which
is a member of a 90 per cent. group, " distribution " includes
anything distributed out of assets of the the company ( whether in cash
or otherwise ) in respect of shares in or securities of another company
inthe group.
( 3) Nothing in this paragraph shall require a company to be
treated as making a distribution to any other company which is
inthe same group and is resident in the United Kingdom.
c .41
Finance Act 1972 747
( 4 ) For the purposes of this paragraph a principal company
and all its 90 per cent. subsidiaries form a " 90 per cent. group
"
and principal company " means a company of which another
company is a subsidiary.
Commencement and interpretation
11 .- ( 1) Paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 above have effect from 6th April
1973 and the other paragraphs of this Schedule from 6th April 1972.
( 2 ) This Schedule shall be construed as if it were included in Part
Xof the Taxes Act .
SCH. 22
SCHEDULE 23
TAXATION OF COMPANIES AND COMPANY DISTRIBUTIONS :
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
PART I
ADVANCE CORPORATION TAX AVAILABLE FOR SET-OFF IN
TRANSITIONAL PERIOD
Determination of advance corporation tax for straddling accounting
periods
1.- (1) Subject to paragraph 7 below, this paragraph applies where
a company has an accounting period ( in this Schedule referred to
as " a straddling period " ) which begins before 6th April 1973 and
ends after 5th April 1973.
( 2 ) Section 85 of this Act shall have effect in relation to the
straddling period as if the company, instead of having paid the
advance corporation tax , if any, actually paid by it in respect of
distributions made in the part of that period following 5th April
1973, had paid the advance corporation tax that would have been
payable ( apart from section 89 of this Act) in respect of a distribu-
tion made at the end of that part of an amount which, together
with the advance corporation tax so payable in respect of it , is
equal to such portion of the distributions made in the whole stradd-
ling period as would be attributed to that part on an apportionment
of those distributions between that part of the straddling period and
the remainder.
( 3 ) For the purposes of sub -paragraph ( 2) above the distributions
made in a straddling period shall be taken to consist of-
( a ) the excess of the distributions made in that period before 6th
April 1973 over the franked investment income received in
that period before that date ( or, if smaller than that excess,
the excess of the distributions made in the year 1972-73
over the franked investment income received in that year) ;
and
(b ) the excess of the franked payments made in that period after
5th April 1973 over the franked investment income received
in that period after that date.
Section 109.
c. 41
748 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 23 Restriction on advance corporation tax available for
set-off in transitional period
2.- (1 ) Subject to paragraph 6( 1) below, this paragraph applies to
any company which does not satisfy the following conditions, that
is to say-
( a ) that it was resident in the United Kingdom and carried on
a trade or business throughout the year 1971-72 and is so
resident and carries on a trade or business throughout the
year 1972-73 ;
( b ) that the excess of the distributions made by the company
in the year 1972-73 over the franked investment income
received in that year is not less than the corresponding
excess for the year 1971-72 ; and
( c ) that it was not at any time in its base period after 5th April
1972 a 51 per cent. subsidiary of a company resident in the
United Kingdom.
( 2) Subject to sub-paragraph (8) below and to the subsequent
provisions of this Schedule, section 85 of this Act shall have effect
in relation to the relevant accounting period in a distribution period ,
or, if more than one, all the relevant accounting periods in a dis-
tribution period as if the company, instead of having paid the
advance corporation tax, if any, actually paid by it in respect of
distributions made in that relevant accounting period or those
relevant accounting periods, had paid advance corporation tax in
respect of distributions made in that relevant accounting period or
those relevant accounting periods of an amount which, in the
aggregate, is equal to whichever of the following is the less, that
is to say- ( a ) the advance corporation tax, if any, which the company is
treated under paragraph 1 above or 7 below as having paid
for any accounting period to which that paragraph applies
which, or part of which, is a relevant accounting period
included in the distribution period, plus the advance cor-
poration tax, if any, actually paid by the company (and not
repaid ) in respect of distributions made in any other relevant
accounting period in the distribution period ; or
( b) the advance corporation tax that would have been payable
( apart from section 89 of this Act ) in respect of a distribu-
tion made at the end of the distribution period which,
together with the advance corporation tax so payable in
respect of it, is equal to-
( i ) the profit standard for that distribution period ;
or
( ii ) the distribution standard for that distribution period ,
whichever is the greater.
( 3) In this Schedule " the profit standard ", in relation to any
distribution period, means an amount equal to 50 per cent. of the
income, if any, of the company charged to corporation tax for that
period (as defined in section 85( 6) of this Act).
Finance Act 1972 749
c .41
( 4 ) In this Schedule " the distribution standard" means an amount
equal to the distributions, if any, made by the company in the
time beginning with its base date and ending with the last day of
A
the distribution period reduced by multiplying by the fraction B
whereAis the number of months or parts of months in the distribu-
tion period and B is the number of months or parts of months in
the base period up to the end of the distribution period.
( 5 ) For the purposes of sub-paragraph ( 4 ) above the distributions
made by the company in the time mentioned in that sub- paragraph
shall be taken to consist of the aggregate of-
( a ) the excess of the distributions made in that time before
6th April 1973 over the franked investment income received
in that time before that date ( or, if smaller than that
excess , the aggregate ofthe excess of the distributions made
in the year 1971-72 over the franked investment income
received in that year and of the corresponding excess for
the year 1972-73) ; and
( b ) the excess of the franked payments made in each relevant
accounting period falling within that time over the franked
investment income received in that period.
( 6 ) Subject to sub -paragraph ( 7 ) and paragraphs 3 and 4below, in
this Schedule-
"distribution period" means any of the following, that is to
say, the period beginning with 6th April 1973 and ending
with the first relevant accounting period in the base
period , the period beginning with the said 6th April and
ending with the second relevant accounting period in the
base period and similarly for each period beginning with
the said 6th April and ending with a later relevant account-
ting period in the base period ;
" relevant accounting period " means any accounting period
or part of an accounting period beginning after 5th April
1973 and ending on or before the expiration of the base
period ;
"base period " means the period beginning with the company's
base date and ending on the last day of the latest accounting
period beginning within four years from the base date ;
"base date " means the day following the end of the com-
pany's accounting period or latest accounting period ending
in the year 1971-72.
( 7 ) If , in the case of any company, accounts for no period ending
in the year 1971-72 have been adopted before 21st March 1972,
then-
( a ) if a terminal date or dates for an accounting period or
accounting periods ending in that year has or have been
decided, or fixed by a decision, before the said 21st March
and there is sufficient evidence of the decision in some docu-
ment in existence before the said 21st March, the base
SCH. 23
c . 41
750 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 23 date of the Company shall be the day following that terminal
date or the last of those terminal dates, as the case may
be;
( b ) where paragraph (a ) above does not apply, the base date
of the company shall be the day following the anniversary
in the year 1971-72 of the end of the company's latest
accounting period or, if there is no such accounting period ,
of the date on which the company commenced business or
came within the charge to corporation tax.
( 8) Sub -paragraph ( 2 ) above does not apply to a company if in
the case of that company the relevant amount for any distribution
period does not exceed-
(a ) £1,000 multiplied by the number of years or parts of years
in the distribution period ; от
( b ) the income charged to corporation tax (as defined in section
85(6 ) of this Act ) for that period,
whichever is the less ; and for the purposes of this sub-paragraph the
relevant amount in relation to a company is-
( i ) in the case of a distribution period that includes all or any
part of an accounting period to which paragraph 1 above or
7 below applies, an amount equal to the distribution on
which the advance corporation tax mentioned in sub-
paragraph ( 2)(a) above would be calculated ( if that sub-
paragraph were applied to the company) plus that advance
corporation tax ;
(ii ) in the case of any other distribution period, the excess of
the franked payments made in that period over the franked
investment income received in that period.
New businesses
3.- (1 ) Where the first accounting period of a company began
in the year 1971-72 the base date of the company shall be the
first day of that accounting period.
( 2) Where the first accounting period of a company begins in
the year 1972-73--
( a ) the base date of the company shall be the first day of that
accounting period;
( b ) the base period of the company shall be the period beginning
with that day and ending on the last day of the latest
accounting period beginning within three years from the
base date ; and
(c ) the distribution standard shall not apply to the company.
( 3) Where the first accounting period of a company begins after
5th April 1973-
(a ) the base date of the company shall be the first day of that
accounting period ;
Finance Act 1972 751
c.41
( b ) the base period of the company shall be the period SCH. 23
beginning with the base date and ending on-
( i) the last day of the latest accounting period beginning
within two years from the base date ; or
(ii ) the last day of the latest accounting period begin-
ning before 5th April 1976,
whichever is the earlier ;
(c ) any distribution period of the company shall begin with the
base date ; and
(d ) the distribution standard shall not apply to the company.
( 4 ) Where a company which has ceased to be a chargeable com-
pany ( that is to say , a company within the charge to corporation
tax or resident in the United Kingdom ) at any time before 6th April
1973 again becomes such a company before that date, its first
accounting period for the purposes of this paragraph shall be taken
to be the accounting period beginning on the occasion ( or last
occasion ) on which it became such a company before that date ;
and where a company which has ceased to be a chargeable com-
pany at any time does not again become such a company until after
5th April 1973 its first accounting period for the purposes of this
paragraph shall be taken to be the accounting period beginning on
the occasion ( or the first occasion) on which it becomes such a com-
panyafter that date.
Cessation of business
4.- (1) Where after 5th April 1973 a company ceases to be, and
does not again before the expiration of the period mentioned in
sub -paragraph (2) below come, within the charge to corporation tax ,
its base period shall end on the day on which it ceases to be within
the charge to corporation tax.
( 2 ) The period mentioned above is-
( a ) in the case of a company with a base date in the year
1971-72, four years from the base date ;
( b ) in the case of a company with a base date in the year
1972-73, three years from the base date ;
( c ) in the case of a company with a base date in the year
1973-74, the period ending 5th April 1976.
Close companies
5.- ( 1 ) Where a company is a close company for all the accounting
periods in its base period , then , if the effect would be to increase
the amount of advance corporation tax which the company is treated
as having paid in respect of any distribution period , paragraph 2 (2)
above shall apply to the company as if for paragraph (b) there were
substituted-
" ( b) the advance corporation tax that would have been payable
if the company had made in each accounting period or part
of an accounting period in the distribution period a distri-
bution equal to the amount to be taken in accordance with
paragraph 9 of Schedule 16 to this Act as the company's
relevant income for that accounting period or part of an
accounting period ".
c.41
752 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 23 ( 2 ) For the purposes of the paragraph (b) mentioned above, the
amount to be taken as a company's relevant income for a part of an
accounting period shall be arrived at by apportioning the relevant
income for the whole of that accounting period betweenthat part and
the remainder.
( 3 ) If a company makes a claim in that behalf and shows that the
distributions made by it in an accounting period or part of an
accounting period in the distribution period were made for the
purpose-
( a ) of avoiding an apportionment under the said Schedule 16 in
respect of relevant income (as detined in paragraph 8 of that
Schedule ) of an earlier accounting period to which that
Schedule applies ; or
( b ) of avoiding a shortfall ( as defined in section 290 of the
Taxes Act) for an accounting period to which that section
applies,
the paragraph ( b) mentioned in sub- paragraph (1 ) above shall have
effect in relation to the accounting period or part in which the
distributions were made as if instead of referring to the amount
to be taken as the company's relevant income it referred to the
amount of those distributions.
Authorised unit trusts and investment trusts
6.- (1) Paragraph 2 above shall not apply to any authorised unit
trust .
( 2 ) Where a company is an investment trust for all the accounting
periods in its base period , then, if the effect would be to increase
the amount of advance corporation tax which the company is treated
as having paid in respect of any distribution period and the company
makes a claim in that behalf, paragraph 2( 2) above shall apply to
the company as if for paragraph (b) there were substituted-
" (b) the advance corporation tax that would have been payable
( having regard to section 89 of this Act) if the distributions
made by the company in the relevant accounting period or,
if more than one, each relevant accounting period in the
distribution period had not exceeded the distributions that
it was necessary for the company to make in that period
in order to comply with subsection (1) (e ) of section 359
of the Taxes Act ( limit on income that may be retained by
investment trust as condition for approval under that
section )".
( 3 ) In relation to a relevant accounting period which is a fraction
of a straddling period, the advance corporation tax to be taken into
account for the purposes of the paragraph ( b) mentioned above shall
be a corresponding fraction of the advance corporation tax that would
have been payable ( having regard to section 89 of this Act) if the
distributions made by the company in the straddling period had all
been made at the end of that period and had not exceeded the distri-
butions that it was necessary for the company to make in the
straddling period in order to comply with the said subsection (1 )(e) .
Finance Act 1972 753
c .41
( 4 ) In this paragraph " authorised unit trust " has the meaning given
in section 358 of the Taxes Act and, subject to section 93( 6) of this
Act, " investment trust " has the meaning given in section 359 of
that Act .
Modification of paragraph 1( 2) and (3) in case of change of
accounting date
7.- (1) This paragraph applies instead of paragraph 1( 2) and ( 3)
above where a company has a straddling period-
( a ) which does not begin on the anniversary of the company's
base date ( as defined in the foregoing provisions of this
Schedule ) ; or
( b ) which does not run for twelve months from that anniversary
or, in the case of a company within paragraph 3( 2 ) above,
from its base date.
( 2 ) In this paragraph-
" notional straddling period "
means the period beginning on
the anniversary in the year 1972-73 of the company's base
date, or in the case of a company within paragraph 3(2)
above on its base date, and ending after twelve months or
at the end of the base period (as defined in the foregoing
provisions of this Schedule )whichever is the earlier ;
" the second part of the notional straddling period" means the
part of it beginning with 6th April 1973 ;
" the distributions made in the notional straddling period " shall,
subject to sub-paragraph ( 5) below, be determined in accord-
ance with paragraph 1( 3) above as for an actual straddling
period .
( 3) Section 85 of this Act shall have effect in relation to any
accounting period of the company which includes the whole of the
second part of the notional straddling period as if the company,
instead of having paid the advance corporation tax , if any, actually
paid by it in respect of distributions made in that accounting period ,
had paid-
( a ) the advance corporation tax that would have been payable
( apart from section 89 of this Act ) in respect of a distribu-
tion made at the end of the second part of the notional
straddling period of an amount which, together with the
advance corporation tax so payable in respect of it , is
equal to such portion of the distributions made in the whole
notional straddling period as would be attributed to the
second part of that period on an apportionment of those
distributions between that part and the remainder ; and
( b ) the advance corporation tax, if any , paid by the company
( and not repaid ) in respect of the excess of franked payments
made over the franked investment income received in the
accounting period less the advance corporation tax , if any,
paidby the company ( and not repaid ) in respect of any such
excess as is by virtue of paragraph 1( 3 ) above included
in the distributions made in the notional straddling period.
SCH. 23
754 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH. 23 ( 4 ) Sub-paragraph ( 3) above shall have effect in relation to any
accounting period of the company which includes a fraction of the
second part of the notional straddling period as it applies in rela-
tion to an accounting period which includes the whole of that part
but as if the reference in paragraph (a ) to a portion of the distribu-
tions made in the whole of the notional period were a reference to
acorresponding fraction of that portion.
( 5 ) The distributions to be included by virtue of paragraph 1( 3) (b)
above in the distributions made in a notional straddling period shall
not exceed-
( a ) in relation to an accounting period which includes the whole
of the second part of the notional straddling period , the
excess of the franked payments made in that accounting
period after 5th April 1973 over the franked investment
income received in that period after that date ;
( b ) in relation to an accounting period which includes a fraction
of the second part of the notional straddling period , the
excess of the franked payments made in that accounting
period after that date over the franked investment income
received in that period after that date plus the excess of
the franked payments made after that date in each other
accounting period which includes a fraction of the second
part of the notional straddling period over the franked
investment income received after that date in that other
accounting period .
Change of ownership of company
8.- (1) Sub-paragraphs (2 ) and (3) below apply if-
( a ) within any period of three years there is both a change in
the ownership of a company and ( either earlier or later
in that period , or at the same time ) a major change in the
nature or conduct of a trade or business carried on by the
company ; or
( b ) at any time after the scale of the activities in a trade
or business carried on by a company has become small
or negligible, and before any considerable revival of the
trade or business, there is a change in the ownership of the
company.
( 2 ) Where the change of ownership occurs in a straddling period
or in a notional straddling period as defined in paragraph 7 above.
the advance corporation tax which the company is treated under
paragraph 1( 2) or 7( 3)( a) above as having paid shall not exceed
the advance corporation tax actually paid by the company ( and
not repaid ) in respect of distributions made in the straddling period
or notional straddling period.
( 3) Where the change of ownership occurs after 5th April 1972-
( a ) paragraph 2 above shall apply to the company even though
it satisfies the conditions mentioned in sub -paragraph (1) of
that paragraph ; and
(b ) the distribution standard shall not apply to the company.
Finance Act 1972 755
c. 41
( 4) Where after 5th April 1972 there is a change in the ownership
of, or a major change in the nature or conduct of a trade or business
carried on by, a company, paragraph 2 above shall apply to the
company even though it satisfies the conditions mentioned in sub-
paragraph (1) of that paragraph.
( 5 ) Subsections ( 4 ), ( 5 ) and ( 7 ) of section 101 of this Act shall, so
far as applicable, have effect in relation to this paragraph as they
have effect in relation to that section.
Groups of companies
9. Regard shall be had to the provisions of this Schedule in
determining whether a company has surplus advance corporation tax
of which it can surrender the benefit under section 92 of this Act
and the amount of any such surplus advance corporation tax,
but those provisions shall not affect any advance corporation tax
which a company is treated by virtue of that section as having paid
in consequence of the surrender to it of any such surplus by another
company.
Bonus issues
10.- (1) For the purposes of this Schedule there shall be disregarded
any distribution if , by virtue of the following provisions of this
paragraph, section 85 of this Act does not apply to the advance
corporation tax payable in respect of it ; and, subject to sub-
paragraph (3) below, references in this Schedule to advance corpora-
tion tax paid by a company do not include references to advance
corporation tax to which by virtue of those provisions the said section
85 does not apply.
( 2 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 4 ) below, section 85 of this Act
shall not apply to advance corporation tax payable by a company
in respect of any amount treated as a distribution-
( a ) by virtue of section 234 of the Taxes Act ( bonus issues
following repayment of share capital) where the repayment
of share capital mentioned in subsection (1 )(a ) of that
section has taken place before the passing of this Act or
takes place thereafter but before 6th April 1973 ;
( b ) by virtue of subsection (1) of section 235 of that Act (matters
not to be treated as repayments of share capital) where the
issue mentioned in paragraph ( a ) of that subsection has
taken place before the passing of this Act or takes place
thereafter but before 6th April 1973 ;
( c ) by virtue of paragraph 3( 3) of Schedule 22 to this Act
where the security there mentioned was issued before the
passing of this Act or is issued thereafter but before 6th
April 1973 .
( 3 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 4 ) below, the said section 85 shall
not apply to advance corporation tax payable by a company in
respect of any amount treated as a distribution-
(a ) by virtue of the said section 234 where the repayment of
share capital mentioned in subsection (1)(a ) of that section
takes place in a distribution period ;
SCH. 23
c. 41
756 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 23 ( b ) by virtue of subsection (1) of the said section 235 where
the issue mentioned in paragraph (a ) of that subsection
takes place in a distribution period ;
( c ) by virtue of paragraph 3( 3 ) of the said Schedule 22 where
the security there mentioned was issued in a distribution
period ,
except to the extent, if any, to which the said section 85 would
have applied to that advance corporation tax if it had been included
for that distribution period in the advance corporation tax mentioned
in paragraph 2(2)(a) above.
( 4 ) Sub -paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3) above do not apply where the
distribution on which the advance corporation tax is payable is made
more than ten years after the repayment of share capital mentioned
in the said section 234(1)(a), the issue mentioned in the said section
235(1 )(a) or the issue mentioned in the said paragraph 3( 3), as the
casemay be.
( 5 ) This paragraph shall be construed as if it were included
inPart X of the Taxes Act.
Supplementary
11.- (1 ) For the purposes of this Schedule there shall be dis-
regarded any distribution consisting of a dividend paid without
deduction of income tax by virtue of an election under section 256
of the Taxes Act as originally enacted or a dividend to which section
84 of this Act does not apply by virtue of an election under the
said section 256 as amended by this Act.
( 2 ) Where a company has made a claim or claims under section
254 or 255 of the Taxes Act for an accounting period ending in the
year 1972-73 , or for an accounting period ending after 6th April
1973 but in a distribution period, the franked investment income
to be taken into account under this Schedule shall be calculated as
if that claim or those claims had not been made, and the advance
corporation tax referred to in paragraph 2( 2) (a ) and 7(3) (b) above
as having been paid by a company (and not repaid ) shall be calcu-
lated accordingly.
( 3) Where in consequence of the application of this Schedule to
any distribution period a company has been denied the benefit
of any advance corporation tax and in consequence of the subsequent
application of this Schedule to another distribution period it appears
that the company ought not have been denied the benefit of that
tax , relief shall be given by discharge or repayment of tax.
( 4 ) In this Schedule references to franked investment income re-
ceived in any year or period include references to franked invest-
ment income treated as received in that year or period ; and
for the purposes of paragraph 1( 3) (b) above in its application to a
notional straddling period as defined in paragraph 7 above, franked
investment income which is treated by virtue of section 89( 3) of this
Act as having been received in any accounting period shall be treated
as received on the first day of that period.
( 5 ) In this Schedule references to franked investment income do
not include references to franked investment income which by virtue
of section 89( 5 ) of this Act cannot be used to frank distributions of
a company.
Finance Act 1972 757
c. 41
PART II
OTHER TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
Limit on set- off of advance corporation tax for accounting period
beginning before 1st April 1973 and ending after 31st March 1973
12. Subsection (2) of section 85 of this Act shall have effect in
relation to an accounting period beginning before 1st April 1973 and
ending after 31st March 1973 as if the income charged to corporation
tax for that period (determined in accordance with subsection (6)
of that section ) were such part thereof as would be attributed to the
part of that accounting period beginning with the said 1st April
if that income were apportioned between that part of the accounting
period and the remainder.
Returns for straddling period
13. Schedules 14 and 20 to this Act shall have effect in relation
to a straddling period as if the part of it before 6th April 1973
were not included in that period.
Surplus of franked investment income on hand at
5th April 1973
14. Subject to paragraph 15 below, where a company has a surplus
of franked investment income ( within the meaning of section 240 of
the Taxes Act ) for the year 1972-73 that surplus shall be treated
for the purposes of this Act as an equivalent amount of franked
investment income (within the meaning of this Act ) received by the
company on 6th April 1973.
Set -off of losses etc. against surplus of franked investment
income
15. Paragraph 14 above shall not apply for the purposes of a
claim under section 254 or 255 of the Taxes Act for any accounting
period beginning with 6th April 1973 ; and for the purposes of any
such claim for a straddling period that paragraph shall have effect
in relation to any such surplus as is there mentioned exclusive of
any part thereof which-
(a ) is carried forward from a year of assessment before the year
1972-73 ; or
(b ) would be apportioned, under section 254(3(a) or 255 ( 2) of
that Act as originally enacted, to an accounting period
beginning before the straddling period.
16.- (1) For the purposes of this paragraph " a relevant section
240 amount " means any amount which by virtue of paragraphs 14
and 15 above falls to be treated as franked investment income for
the purposes of a claim for a straddling period under section 254
or 255 of the Taxes Act.
( 2) Where a company has franked investment income for a
straddling period which consists of or includes a relevant section
SCH. 23
758 Finance Act 1972
с .41
SCH. 23 240 amount, and a surplus of franked investment income for that
period falls to be reduced in consequence of a claim under section
254 or 255 of the Taxes Act-
( a ) income tax at 38-75 per cent. shall be repaid to the company
in respect of the relevant section 240 amount or the amount
of the reduction, whichever is the less ; and
( b ) the amount in respect of which income tax is to be repaid
as aforesaid shall be deducted from the amount in respect
of which any payment of tax credit falls to be made in
consequence of the claim.
( 3) Where a company makes claims under both the said sections
254 and 255 for a straddling period the total amount in respect of
which income tax is repayable under this paragraph shall not
exceed the relevant section 240 amount.
17. Where in consequence of a claim under section 254 or 255
of the Taxes Act in respect of a surplus of franked investment income
for the year 1972-73 a company is entitled to repayment of a sum
of income tax, section 90( 3) of this Act shall apply as if—
( a ) for the reference to payment of a sum in respect of tax
credit there were substituted a reference to repayment
of a sum of income tax ; and
( b ) for the reference to the next accounting period there were
substituted a reference to the accounting period which
begins with or contains 6th April 1973.
Dividends and other distributions at gross rate or of gross amount
18.- (1 ) Where any right or obligation created before 6th April
1973 is expressed by reference to a dividend at a gross rate or of a
gross amount, that right or obligation shall, in relation to a dividend
payable on or after that date, take effect as if the reference were
to a dividend of an amount which, when there is added to it such
proportion thereof as corresponds to the rate of advance corporation
tax in force on that date, is equal to a dividend at that gross rate or
of that gross amount.
( 2 ) Sub- paragraph (1 ) above shall apply with the necessary modi-
fications to a dividend partly at a gross rate or of a gross amount
and shall apply to any distribution other than a dividend as it applies
to a dividend.
Shortfall assessments
19.- (1 ) Nothing in this Act shall preclude the making of an
assessment under subsection (1) of section 289 of the Taxes Act
( shortfall in distributions) for the year 1973-74 in respect of a shortfall
in an accounting period ending before 6th April 1973, and for the
purposes of any such assessment it shall be assumed that section
232(2) of that Act is in force on the date on which the distribution
Finance Act 1972 759
c.41
mentioned in subsection (1) of the said section 289 is to be taken
as having been made.
( 2 ) Subsections ( 3) and ( 4 ) of the said section 289 shall have effect
in relation to the year 1973-74 as if references to a surplus of franked
investment income were references only to so much, if any, of any
such surplus as corresponds to franked investment income treated by
virtue of paragraph 14 above as received by the company on 6th
April 1973 .
( 3) In subsection ( 5 ) of the said section 289 references to a later
accounting period do not include references to any accounting period
beginning with or after 6th April 1973 ; and-
( a ) that subsection shall have effect in relation to a later account-
ing period which is a straddling period as if for the words
" for which there is no such shortfall " and " the required
standard " there were substituted respectively the words
" for which there is on such excess as is mentioned in
paragraph 1( 2) of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 "
and " the company's relevant income as defined for the
purposes of that Schedule " ; and
(b ) if the distributions for a later accounting period beginning
before 6th April 1973 ( whether or not a straddling period)
include distributions made after 5th April 1973, the amount
that would, apart from this sub-paragraph, fall to be
deducted under that subsection from the distributions made
by the company for that accounting period shall be reduced
to such a fraction of that amount as corresponds to the
fraction of those distributions made before 6th April 1973
and that amount, as so reduced, shall be deducted rateably
from such of those distributions as were made before
6th April 1973.
( 4) This paragraph shall be construed as if it were included in
Schedule 16 to this Act.
Small companies, industrial and provident societies etc.
20. Sections 95 and 96 of this Act shall have effect in relation to
an accounting period beginning before 1st April 1973 and ending
after 31st March 1973 as if the part of that period before the said
1st April and the part after the said 31st March were separate
accounting periods, and the profits and income of the company for
that accounting period ( as defined in those sections) shall be appor-
tioned between those parts.
SCHEDULE 24
TAXATION OF COMPANIES AND COMPANY DISTRIBUTIONS :
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
Finance Act 1965
1. In section 34( 6) of the Finance Act 1965, in the definition of
"
trading company " for the words " section 292(1) of the Income
and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 " there shall be substituted the
words " paragraph 11 of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 " .
2. In paragraph 18(1) of Schedule 6 to the said Act of 1965 for the
words from " section 297 " to " 1970 " there shall be substituted the
SCH. 23
Section 111.
1965 с. 25.
c .41
760 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 24
1968 с. 2.
1970 с. 9
1971c. 68 .
words" paragraph 5 of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 ( conse-
quences for income tax of apportionment of income etc. of close
company) " ; in paragraph 18( 2 ) of that Schedule for the words
" subsection ( 8) of the said section 297 " and" subsection (2) (b) of that
section " there shall be substituted respectively the words " sub-
paragraph (6) of the said paragraph 5 " and " sub-paragraph ( 2)( b) of
that paragraph " ; and in paragraph 18( 5) of that Schedule for the
words " the said section 297 " there shall be substituted the words
" the said paragraph 5 ".
Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968
3. In section 5 of the Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968, in
subsection ( 1) (c) after the words " section 243( 6 ) of the Income and
Corporation Taxes Act 1970 " there shall be inserted the words
or advance corporation tax could be payable or assessed by virtue
of section 103( 2) of the Finance Act 1972 ", and in subsection ( 2 )
of that section after the word " Act) " there shall be inserted the
words " and the said section 103( 2) of the Finance Act 1972 " .
Taxes Management Act 1970
4. In section 8 of the Management Act, after subsection ( 8) there
shall be added-
" (9) Where a person's income of which particulars are re-
quired to be included in a return under this section comprises
a distribution chargeable under Schedule F there shall be
separately stated in the return the amount or value of the dis-
tribution and the amount of any tax credit under section 86
of the Finance Act 1972 to which that person is entitled in
respect of that distribution. "
5. In section 11 of the Management Act, after subsection ( 5 ) there
shall be added-
" ( 6 ) A notice under this section may require the inclusion
in the return of particulars of advance corporation tax paid by
the company ( and not repaid ) and of any surplus advance cor-
poration tax carried forward under section 85( 4) of the Finance
Act 1972."
6. In section 29 of the Management Act for subsection (2 ) (as
substituted by the Finance Act 1971) there shall be substituted-
" (2 ) Assessments under Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972
shall be made by the inspector or the Board. "
7. In section 31( 3)( b) of the Management Act the figure " 297 "
( inserted by the Finance Act 1971) shall be omitted and at the end
there shall be inserted " or under paragraph 5 of Schedule 16 to
the Finance Act 1972 ".
8. In section 55(1)(e) of the Management Act for the words
" Schedule 9 to the principal Act (income tax on company distribu-
tions etc. ) " there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 20 to the
Finance Act 1972 (income tax on company payments other than
distributions) " .
9. In section 86(1 )(d ) of the Management Act after the words " cor-
poration tax " there shall be inserted the words " other than advance
corporation tax ".
Finance Act 1972 761
с. 41
10. For section 87 of the Management Act there shall be
substituted-
" Interest 87.- (1 ) Any tax assessable in accordance with
onoverdue Schedule 14 or 20 to the Finance Act 1972 shall carry
advance
corporation interest at the prescribed rate from the date when the
tax and
tax becomes due and payable until payment.
income tax
on company
( 2 ) Where-
payments.
(a ) advance corporation tax paid in respect of dis-
tributions made in any return period is repaid
under paragraph 4 of the said Schedule 14 in
consequence of the receipt of franked invest-
ment income in a later return period ; or
(b ) income tax paid in respect of payments made in
any return period is repaid or discharged under
paragraph 5 of the said Schedule 20 in conse-
quence of the receipt in a later return period
of a payment on which income tax is borne by
deduction,
the repayment or discharge shall not affect interest under
this section on the tax so repaid or discharged for such
time as is specified in subsection (3) below but, subject
to that , this section shall apply as if any such tax which
is repaid or discharged had never become payable.
( 3 ) The time for which interest is not affected is-
( a ) any time before the expiration of fourteen days
from the end of the later return period, unless
the return for that period is made earlier in
those fourteen days ; and
( b ) if that return is made earlier in those fourteen
days, any time ending before the date on which
the return is made.
( 4 ) Interest shall not be payable under this section on
the tax charged by any assessment unless the total
amount of the interest exceeds £5 .
( 5 ) Subsection ( 4 ) above shall have effect as if all ad-
vance corporation tax due from a company in accordance
with paragraph 3(1) of the said Schedule 14 for any
return period, whether or not it is actually assessed,
were included in a single assessment, and similarly in the
case of all income tax due from a company in accordance
with paragraph 4( 1) of the said Schedule 20 for any
return period.
( 6 ) In this section " return period " means a period for
which a return is required to be made under the said
Schedule 14 or 20.
( 7 ) It is hereby declared that this section applies to
advance corporation tax and income tax which, in ac-
cordance with either of those Schedules, is paid without
the making of any assessment (but is paid after it is due).
SCH. 24
762 Finance Act 1972
c .41
SCH. 24
and that where the tax is charged by an assessment
( whether or not any part of it has been paid when the
assessment is made) this section applies as respects in-
terest running before as well as after the making of the
assessment. "
11. In section 88( 2) of the Management Act, for the words
"
Schedule 9 to the principal Act " there shall be substituted the words
" Schedule 14 or 20 to the Finance Act 1972."
12. In section 98 of the Management Act the following shall be
added in the first column-
66 Paragraph 19 of Schedule 16 and paragraphs 2( b), 3 and 4
of Schedule 21 to the Finance Act 1972 " ;
and the following shall be added in the second column-
"Schedules 14 and 20, and paragraphs 1 and 2 ( a ) of Schedule
21 , to the Finance Act 1972 ".
13. For section 109 of the Management Act there shall be
substituted-
"Corpor-
109.- (1 ) The provisions of section 286 of the principal
ationtax on Act ( charge of tax in connection with loans by close
close com-
pany incon- companies to participators etc. ) directing that tax be
nectionwith assessed and recoverable as if it were an amount of
loans to
corporation tax shall be taken as applying, subject to
participators the provisions of the Taxes Act, and to any necessary
etc.
modifications, all enactments applying generally to cor-
poration tax, including those relating to the assessing,
collecting and receiving of corporation tax, those confer-
ring or regulating a right of appeal and those concerning
administration, penalties, interest on unpaid tax and
priority of tax in cases of insolvency under the law of any
part of the United Kingdom.
( 2 ) Section 86 of this Act shall apply in relation to
tax under the said section 286 as if subsections ( 2) and
( 3 )(a) of the said section 86 were omitted .
( 3) For the purposes of section 88 of this Act as applied
by subsection (1) above, the date when tax charged under
the said section 286 ought to have been paid shall be
taken to be the first day of the year of assessment follow-
ing that in which the loan or advance was made.
( 4 ) Section 91 of this Act shall not apply in conse-
quence of any discharge or repayment of tax under section
286(5) of the principal Act.
( 5 ) For the purposes of the said section 91, a relief
from tax under the said section 286 shall not be treated as
affecting tax charged by any assessment unless the assess-
ment is to tax under that section."
14. In Schedule 3 to the Management Act, in column 1 of rule 8
the words " 288 or 289 " shall be omitted and at the end there shall
be inserted the words “or relating to a notice under paragraph 15
of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 ".
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 763
Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 SCH. 24
15. In section 4( 3) of the Taxes Act ( as substituted by the Finance 1970 с. 10.
Act 1971) after the words " or is treated as having been deducted "
there shall be inserted the words " or income chargeable under
Schedule F " .
16. In section 53( 4 ) of the Taxes Act for the words " Schedule 9 to
this Act " there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 20 to the
Finance Act 1972 ".
17. In section 226( 9) of the Taxes Act for the words " section 292( 1 )
of this Act " there shall be substituted the words " paragraph 11 of
Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 ".
18. For section 232( 4) of the Taxes Act there shall be substituted-
"( 4 ) Acompany which makes a qualifying distribution shall,
if the recipient so requests in writing, furnish to him a state-
ment in writing showing the amount or value of the distribution
and ( whether or not the recipient is a person entitled to a tax
credit in respect of the distribution ) the amount of the tax
credit to which a recipient who is such a person is entitled in
respect thereof.
The duty imposed by this subsection shall be enforceable at
the suit or instance of the person requesting the statement."
19. In section 242 (1) of the Taxes Act for paragraphs (a) to (c)
there shall be substituted-
"( a ) in the case of interest which is not a qualifying distribu-
tion-
( i ) the gross amount which, after deduction of the in-
come tax appropriate thereto, corresponds to the net
amount actually paid,
(ii) the rate and the amount of income tax appropriate
to such gross amount, and
(iii ) the net amount actually paid ;
( b ) in the case of a dividend or of interest which is a qualifying
distribution, each of the following amounts-
( i ) the amount of the dividend or interest paid, and
(ii ) ( whether or not the recipient is a person entitled
to a tax credit in respect thereof ) the amount of the tax
credit to which a recipient who is such a person is en-
titled in respect thereof. "
20. In section 248 of the Taxes Act, in subsection ( 4)(a) for the
words " Schedule 9 to this Act " there shall be substituted the words
" Schedule 20 to the Finance Act 1972 ", and in subsection ( 8) for
the words " by reason of section 284( 1 )(a) or any other provision "
there shall be substituted the words " by reason of any provision " .
21. In section 302(1) of the Taxes Act the words " other than
section 290 above " shall be omitted and at the end there shall be
inserted-
" Provided that this subsection shall not by virtue of section
94( 3) of the Finance Act 1972 apply to paragraph 9 of Schedule
16 to that Act".
764 Finance Act 1972
c.41
SCH. 24 22. In section 343 of the Taxes Act, in subsection ( 2)(b), for the
words " Schedule 9 to this Act " there shall be substituted the words
" Schedule 20 to the Finance Act 1972 " and in subsection ( 7 ) for
the word " distribution " there shall be substituted the words " quali-
fying distribution " .
23. In section 393(1) of the Taxes Act for the words " tax under
section 289 of this Act ( shortfall in distributions of close company) "
there shall be substituted the words " tax under Schedule 16 to the
Finance Act 1972 ( apportionment of income of close companies) ".
24. In section 399(1)(b) of the Taxes Act for the words from
" then " onwards there shall be substituted the words " then, for the
purposes of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972-
(i ) the amount of the gain shall be deemed to form part of the
company's income for the accounting period in which the
event happened, and
( ii ) the company's distributable income ( but not its estate or
trading income) for that period shall be treated as increased
by the amount of the gain ” .
25. In section 432( 7 ) of the Taxes Act the words " section 297(3)
( close companies : apportionments) " shall be omitted and there shall
be added at the end the words " and paragraph 5( 3) of Schedule 16 to
the Finance Act 1972 ( close companies : apportionments) ".
26. In section 454(1) of the Taxes Act, in paragraph (b) after the
words " has been apportioned " there shall be inserted the words
" under Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 or ( as respects income of
accounting periods ending before 6th April 1973) " and at the end
there shall be inserted-
" Where the income of a body corporate has been, or could
have been, apportioned under Schedule 16 to the Finance
Act 1972 any amount of that income which by virtue of para-
graph (b) above is to be included in the income arising
under a settlement shall be increased by such proportion
thereof as corresponds to the rate of advance corporation
tax applicable to a distribution made at the end of the
accounting period to which the apportionment relates. "
27. In section 478( 8)( d ) of the Taxes Act for the words " section
296 of this Act " there shall be substituted the words " paragraph 1 of
Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 " and at the end there shall be
inserted the words " and that amount shall be treated as increased
by such proportion thereof as corresponds to the rate of advance
corporation tax applicable to a distribution made at the end of
the accounting period to which the apportionment relates " .
28. In section 481 (3) of the Taxes Act for the words " section 292(1)
of this Act " there shall be substituted the words " paragraph 11 of
Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 1972 ".
29. In section 521 of the Taxes Act subsection (3)(a) shall be
omitted, and at the end there shall be added-
" "
( 4 ) In this section interest " and "dividends " do not
include any interest or dividend which is a distribution."
Finance Act 1972 765
с . 41
30. In section 522 of the Taxes Act for the words " interest on any
of its securities, or under section 232( 3) of this Act from payments
of preference dividends on any of its shares " there shall be substi-
tuted the words " interest ( not being a distribution ) on any of its
"
securities " and the words or share " ( three times ) and the words
" In this section ' share ' includes stock " shall be omitted.
31. In section 526( 5 ) of the Taxes Act for the definition of
" franked investment income " there shall be substituted-
" " franked investment income ' shall be construed in accord-
ance with section 88 of the Finance Act 1972 but subject
to section 256(1) of this Act ;
' franked payment ' shall be construed in accordance with
section 84 of the Finance Act 1972 but subject to section
256(1 ) of this Act " ;
and after the definition of " preference dividend "
there shall be
inserted-
" qualifying distribution ' has the meaning given in section
84 of the Finance Act 1972 ;
' surplus of franked investment income ' has the meaning given
in section 89 of the Finance Act 1972 ;
' tax credit ' means a credit under section 86 of the Finance
Act 1972 ".
32. In section 528(3) (a) of the Taxes Act after the words " for any
year " there shall be inserted the words " or which for the purposes
of Schedule F comprises an amount equal to a tax credit calculated
by reference to the rate of advance corporation tax in force for any
year ".
33. In Schedule 14 to the Taxes Act, in paragraph 15, for the words
"Board may exercise under section 301 of this Act for the purposes
of sections 296 to 300 " there shall be substituted the words " inspector
may exercise under paragraph 19 of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act
1972 for the purposes of that Schedule ".
SCHEDULE 25
RELIEF FROM ESTATE DUTY AND CAPITAL GAINS TAX-
RECIPIENT BODIES
The National Gallery.
The British Museum.
The Royal Scottish Museum.
The National Museum of Wales.
Any other similar national institution which exists wholly or
mainly for the purpose of preserving for the public benefit a
collection of scientific, historic or artistic interest and which is
approved for the purposes of this Schedule by the Treasury.
Any museum or art gallery in the United Kingdom which exists
wholly or mainly for that purpose and is maintained by a local
authority or university in the United Kingdom.
SCH. 24
Sections 119,
121 .
c.41
766 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 25
Any library the main function of which is to serve the needs of
teaching and research at a university in the United Kingdom.
The National Art Collections Fund.
The National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural
Beauty .
The National Trust for Scotland for Places of Historic Interest
or Natural Beauty.
Section 121 .
SCHEDULE 26
RELIEF FROM ESTATE DUTY
SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
PART I
GIFTS EXCEPTED FROM SECTION 121
1. Agift is excepted from each of the paragraphs of subsection (1)
of the principal section if it takes effect on the termination of any
interest or on the termination of any period, other than an interest
or period terminating on or before the death ; but this paragraph shall
not be taken to except a gift from paragraph (c) of that subsection by
reason only that the gift is dependent on the widow or widower
surviving the deceased for a specified period.
2. A gift is excepted from each of the paragraphs of that sub-
section if it depends on a condition which is not satisfied within
twelve months after the death .
3.- (1) A gift is excepted from paragraphs (a) and (b) of that sub-
section if it is less than the donor's full interest in the property
given or is for a limited period or is defeasible or if it or any
part of it is or may become applicable for other than charitable
purposes or the purposes of a body falling within Schedule 25
to this Act.
( 2) For the purposes of this paragraph-
( a ) any question whether a gift is less than the donor's full
interest in the property given shall be decided as at a time
twelve months after the death ; and
(b) any gift which has not been defeated at that time and is not
defeasible after that time shall be treated as not being
defeasible, whether or not it was capable of being defeated
before that time.
PART II
ALLOCATION OF RELIEF
4. Any question how the reduction in estate duty resulting from
the principal section and this Schedule is to be attributed to the duty
payable respectively on property to which different persons become
entitled on the death shall be determined in accordance with the
following provisions of this Part of this Schedule; and nothing in
Part III of this Schedule shall be taken to affect that question.
c.41
Finance Act 1972 767
5. The reduction referred to in the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule is the reduction in estate duty after allowing
for any reduction in the estate rate and for any reduction attributable
to section 16 ( 3) of the Finance Act 1894.
6. No part of the reduction shall reduce the duty on chargeable
property except in so far as the duty would be attributable to
property specifically given but would fall on residue ; and in par-
ticular, where property given as a share in residue or in a fund
is exempt property the reduction resulting from that property being
exempt property shall not reduce the duty on any share in the
residue or fund which is chargeable property.
7. Where any of the exempt property is property falling within
paragraph ( c) of subsection (1) of the principal section, the reduction
shall be so made as to be most favourable to the widow or widower ;
and subject thereto and to paragraph 6 above, the reduction shall
be treated as reducing duty on property bearing its own duty (whether
or not specifically given ) before duty on property not bearing its
own duty.
SCH. 26
1948 с 30.
PART III
ASCERTAINMENT OF EXEMPT AND CHARGEABLE PROPERTY
Exempt and chargeable property
8. Any question whether or to what extent the value attributable
to any property is to be disregarded under the principal section
shall be determined in accordance with the following provisions
of this Schedule ; and in this Schedule " exempt property " means
so much of any property as corresponds to the value to be so
disregarded and " chargeable property " means the remainder of
the property forming part of the estate.
General principle
9. Where it is material for any purpose which of two or more
possible assets are taken to constitute exempt property-
( a ) such assets shall be taken to fall within paragraph ( c ) of
subsection (1) of the principal section as are most favour-
able to the widow or widower, and any agreement between
the widow or the widower and the Commissioners as to
what assets will be most favourable shall be conclusive ;
(b ) subject to sub-paragraph (a ) above, property bearing its own
duty shall be taken to be exempt property before property
not bearing its own duty ; and
(c ) subject to sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above, each of the
assets shall be so taken to the extent proportionate to its
value.
Small estates and separable property
10. Where, under section 16( 3) of the Finance Act 1894 (and apart 1894 c. 30.
from the principal section and this Schedule), any property is treated
as an estate by itself the principal section and this Schedule shall
have effect as if that property were not included in the property
passing on the death.
768 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH. 26
1894 с. 30.
11. Any property which under section 16( 3) of the Finance Act
1894 would fall to be treated as an estate by itself if its net value
did not exceed that mentioned therein is in this Schedule referred
to as separable property.
Annuities
12. For the purposes of the principal section and of this Schedule
the value of any annuity or other periodical payment of any amount
shall be taken to be the value of property needed to produce income
of that amount ; and the value of the property out of which the
annuity or other sum is paid shall be taken to be reduced accordingly.
Abatement not attributable to duty
13. Where any gift would fall to be abated owing to the insuffi-
ciency of the estate and apart from any estate duty payable on the
estate, so much only of any property comprised in the gift shall be
taken into account under the following provisions of this Schedule
as remains after the abatement.
Abatement for estate duty
14. So much only of the property passing on the death shall be
exempt property as remains after making any deductions required
by the following paragraphs.
15. There shall first be calculated the aggregate of the following
values of the property which is specifically given or to which the
widow or widower is specifically entitled-
( a ) the principal value of any property falling within para-
graph ( a ) of subsection (1 ) of the principal section ;
( b ) the appropriate value of any property falling within para-
graph (b) or (c ) of that subsection ; and
( c ) the appropriate value of any property not falling within any
of those paragraphs ;
and for this purpose any debt incurred by the deceased for which
no allowance is to be made under section 7(1) of the Finance Act
1894 shall be treated as property specifically given.
16. If the aggregate calculated under paragraph 15 above exceeds
the principal value of the estate, the property specifically given
( whether exempt or chargeable property ) shall be taken to be reduced
by such proportion thereof as would result in the aggregate being
equal to that principal value ; and in making the reduction due effect
shall be given to any disposition under which any property is given.
Residue
17. If the aggregate calculated under paragraph 15 above is less
than the principal value of the estate, so much of the remainder as
is property falling within subsection (1) of the principal section shall
be exempt property so far as-
(a ) it is property falling within paragraph (a ) of that subsec-
tion ; or
с.41
Finance Act 1972 769
( b ) it is property falling within paragraph (b) or (c ) of that
subsection and does not, when added to the amount taken
into account under paragraph 15( b) above, exceed the limit
specified in paragraph ( b) or ( c ) of that subsection.
SCH. 26
Appropriate value
18. The appropriate value of any property bearing its own duty
is its principal value.
19. Where property does not bear its own duty then-
( a ) if the property is property falling within paragraph (b) or
( c ) of subsection (1) of the principal section, its appropriate
value is the aggregate of-
( i) its principal value, so far as it does not exceed
the limit mentioned in that paragraph as reduced under
paragraph 20 below ; and
(ii) the grossed-up equivalent of the remainder ; and
( b) if it is property not falling within that subsection its appro-
priate value is the grossed-up equivalent of its principal
value.
20. Where property specifically given and bearing its own duty
falls within paragraph (b) or (c) of subsection (1 ) of the principal
section the limit mentioned therein shall for the purposes of para-
graph 19 above be reduced by the principal value of that property
( and accordingly shall for those purposes be nil if it is equalled or
exceeded by that principal value ).
Grossed- up equivalent
21. For the purposes of paragraph 19 above the grossed-up
equivalent of the principal value or part of the principal value of any
property is such amount as would, after deduction of estate duty at
the appropriate rate, be equal to the principal value or part ; and for
this purpose the appropriate rate-
( a ) in relation to any property other than separable property,
is the rate which would be the estate rate apart from the
principal section and this Schedule ; and
( b ) in relation to separable property is the rate found by taking
the amount of the estate duty that would be payable on that
property (apart from the principal section and this Schedule)
if no relief were given other than relief under section 16(3)
of the Finance Act 1894 and dividing the amount so taken 1894 c. 30
by the principal value of that property.
Amounts payable out of different funds
22. Where amounts are payable out of different funds the calcula-
tions required by the preceding provisions of this Part of this
Schedule shall be made separately for each of those funds, with the
necessary adjustments of the values and amounts referred to therein.
2B
770 Finance Act 1972
c .41
SCH . 26
1930 с. 28.
1950 с. 15.
1910 с. 8.
1954с .44 .
PART IV
EFFECT OF CERTAIN EVENTS AFTER DEATH
Failure of charitable object
23. Where property given to a charity or property representing
such property ceases at any time to be applicable to charitable
purposes ( without being replaced by other property) there shall be
calculated the amount by which the estate duty chargeable on the
death would have been increased if so much of the property falling
within paragraph ( b) of subsection ( 1) of the principal section and
treated as exempt property as corresponds to the principal value at
that time of the property ceasing to be so applicable had been
treated as chargeable property ; and that amount shall be an amount
of estate duty and the persons entitled to the property immediately
after that time shall be accountable for it.
Works of national importance, etc., and timber
24. Where objects to which section 40 of the Finance Act 1930
( objects of national, etc., interest) applies would, had they not been
enjoyed in kind, have been property falling within subsection (1) of
the principal section , then, to the extent that they would have been
exempt property they shall remain exempt from estate duty not-
withstanding that they are sold, or that an undertaking given under
section 48(1) of the Finance Act 1950 has not been observed, but,
in the case of objects which would have fallen within paragraph ( c)
of that subsection , only if they are sold , or the failure to observe
the undertaking occurs, within the lifetime of the widow or widower ;
and similarly with respect to timber, trees and wood exempted under
section 61( 5) of the Finance (1909–10) Act 1910.
Deeds of family arrangement
25. If not more than two years after the death any of the dis-
positions of the property of which the deceased was competent
to dispose, whether effected by will or under the law relating to
intestacies, or otherwise, are varied by a deed of family arrangement
or similar instrument the principal section and this Schedule shall
apply as if the variation made by the deed or other instrument
had been effected by the deceased.
PART V
AMENDMENT, REPEALS AND INTERPRETATION
Amendment of Finance Act 1954 s. 32(2)
26. In section 32( 2 ) of the Finance Act 1954 after the words " by
reason only " there shall be inserted the words " of section 121 of
and Schedule 26 to the Finance Act 1972 or " .
Repeal of superseded provisions
27. The enactments mentioned in Part VII of Schedule 28 to this
Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column
of that Part, except-
( a ) inrelation to deaths occurring before 22nd March 1972 ; and
Finance Act 1972 771
c . 41
( b) in their application, by virtue of section 33( 2 ) of the Finance SCH . 26
Act 1951, to Government departments, local authorities and 1951 c. 43.
the other bodies mentioned therein.
Interpretation
28. In this Schedule " the principal section " means section 121 of
thisAct.
29. In the principal section and in this Schedule " charity " and
"charitable " have the same meanings as in the Income Tax Acts
and " gift " means-
( a ) any testamentary disposition ; and
(b ) any disposition by virtue of which property passes on the
death;
whether the disposition is made by the deceased or any other
person ; and " given" and " donor " shall be construed accordingly.
30. In this Schedule-
"appropriate value" has the meaning assigned to it by pага-
graphs 18 and 19 above ;
"chargeable property " and " exempt property " have the mean-
ings assigned to them by paragraph 8 above ;
"separable property " has the meaning assigned to it by para-
graph 11 above.
31. Where the deceased's widow or widower is entitled to a joint
tenancy of any property and becomes on the death beneficially
entitled to a share of that property that share shall be treated for
the purposes of the principal section and this Schedule in like manner
as property given to or devolving on the widow or widower.
32. References in this Schedule to property specifically given are
references to property given otherwise than as residue or a share
in residue.
33. For the purposes of this Schedule any question whether property
bears its own duty shall be determined as at the time of the death .
SCHEDULE 27
REGIONAL EMPLOYMENT PREMIUMS
CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
The Selective Employment Payments Act 1966
1. In section 1( 1) of the Selective Employment Payments Act 1966,
for the words from the beginning to " this section applies " there shall
be substituted the words " Where an employer has paid an employer's
insurance contribution for any contribution week in respect ofa person
inanemployment to which this section applies and the case falls within
subsection (1) of section 26 of the Finance Act 1967" and for the
words " a payment of an amount equal to the tax paid " there shall be
substituted the words 6 .
a payment of an amount specified in that
section".
Section122 .
1966 с . 32.
2B2
с . 41
772 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 27
1967 с. 54.
2. In section 3( 2) of that Act , for the words " selective employment
tax " there shall be substituted the words " employer's insurance
contributions " and for the words from " amount of the tax " to the
end there shall be substituted the words " appropriate amount specified
in section 26 of the Finance Act 1967 " .
3. In section 7( 1) of that Act, for the words " selective employment
tax ", in both places, there shall be substituted the words " employer's
insurance contribution ".
The Finance Act 1967, s. 26
4. For subsection (1) of section 26 of the Finance Act 1967 there
shall be substituted the following subsection :-
66 (1) A payment under section 1 ofthe principal Act in respect
of a person in an employment to which that section applies shall
be made in any case where the establishment in or from which
that employment is carried out is situated wholly within a develop-
ment area and, subject to subsections ( 2), ( 4) and( 5 ) ofthis section,
the amount of that payment shall be-
( a ) if that person was treated for the purpose of the em-
ployer's insurance contribution as a man over the age of
18, £1.50;
( b ) if that person was treated for that purpose as a woman
over the age age of 18, 75p ;
( c ) if that person was treated for that purpose as a boy
under the age of 18, 75p; and
( d ) ifthat personwas treated for that purpose as a girl under
the age of 18, 47±p. "
5. In subsection (2) of that section, for the words " any increase "
there shall be substituted the words " any payment falling to be made ".
6. In subsection (4 ) of that section, for the word " increase " there
shall be substituted the word " make " .
7. In subsection ( 5 ) of that section, for the words " increases " and
"
paid", in both places, there shall be substituted respectively the
words " payments " and " made ".
Finance Act 1972 773
c. 41
SCHEDULE 28
Section 134 .
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
PART I
PURCHASE TAX-INITIAL REPEALS
Chapter ShortTitle
Extent of Repeal
1961 с. 36. The Finance Act 1961.
In section 9, in subsection (3),
the words " and (c ) purchase
tax " , subsection ( 4 )( a), and, in
subsection ( 8), the words from
" and those subsections " to
" 1948".
1963 c. 9. The Purchase Tax Act 1963. In section 2, subsections ( 3) and
( 4 ).
Section 4.
Sections 6 to 11 .
Section 12 ( 1) .
In section 13, subsections (1 ), (3)
and (5 ).
In section 14, subsections ( 2 ) to
( 4 ), ( 8) and ( 9) .
In section 15, in subsection (2 )
the words from " and the
power" to the end, and sub-
section ( 3) .
Section 16.
Section 22.
Section 28(1 ) .
In section 39, subsections ( 2) and
( 3) and, in subsection ( 4 ), the
words from the beginning to
" section ".
Section 40(6 ) .
1964с. 49. 1964 c. 92.
The Finance Act 1964.
Section 8 (2) (d) .
The Finance ( No. 2 ) Act Section 3( 4).
1964 .
1967 с. 54.
1968 c. 2.
The Finance Act 1967.
The Provisional Collection
of Taxes Act 1968 .
Section 9(2) .
In section 1( 1) the words " pur-
chase tax".
These repeals take effect on 1st April 1973 .
2 B3
c .41
774 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 28
PART II
PURCHASE TAX-POSTPONED REPEALS
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
66
10&11 Geo. 6. The Crown Proceedings In section 26 ( 2 ), the words or
с . 44 . Act 1947. purchase tax".
In section 49, the words " and
purchase tax ".
11 &12Geo. 6. The Companies Act 1948. In section 319( 1) ( a ), sub- para-
c. 38. graph (iii ).
6 & 7 Eliz . 2. The Isle of ManAct 1958. Section 2 ( 4) ( c ).
c . 11.
1960 с. 22. The Companies Act In section 287( 1)( a), sub-para-
( Ν.Ι.) ( Northern Ireland ) 1960. graph (iii ).
1963 с. 9. The Purchase Tax Act
The whole Act, so far as
1963.
unrepealed.
1964 с. 49.
The Finance Act 1964.
Section 10 (2).
1964 с. 92.
The Finance ( No. 2 ) Act
In section 7, in subsections ( 1)
1964 .
and ( 2 ) the words "and
purchase tax ".
In section 10 ( 2 ), the words
from " and nothing " to the
end .
1964 с. 32.
The Preferential Payments
In section 1(1) ( a ), sub-para-
( Ν.Ι.)
( Bankruptcies and Ar-
graph ( iii ).
rangements) Act ( North-
1965 с. 25.
ern Ireland ) 1964.
The Finance Act 1965.
Section 3.
1966 с. 18. The Finance Act 1966.
In section 2, in subsections (1)
and (13) the words "and
purchase tax ".
1967 с. 54. The Finance Act 1967.
Section 8.
Section 9, so far as unrepealed.
Section 45(3)( b).
1968 с.44. The Finance Act 1968. Section 5.
Schedule 6.
1969 с. 32. The Finance Act 1969. Section 1( 4 ).
Section 55.
Section 61(3)(b).
Schedule 6.
1971 с. 10.
The Vehicles ( Excise ) Act Insection 6, subsection ( 2 ) and ,
1971. in subsection ( 3 ), the words
" or ( 2 ) " in both places.
1971 с. 68. The Finance Act 1971 . Sections 4 and 5.
These repeals take effect on the date appointed or the dates
respectively appointed under section 54 of this Act .
c . 41
Finance Act 1972 775
PART III
SPIRITS AND MECHANICAL LIGHTERS
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
12 , 13 & 14
Geo.6c.47. The Finance Act 1949. Section 8(1).
1969 с. 32. The Finance Act 1969. In section 1( 2) , paragraph (a)
and in the words following
the paragraphs, the word
“ 1”.
Schedule 1 .
These repeals take effect on 8th August 1972.
SCH. 28
PART IV
OCCUPATIONAL PENSION SCHEMES
Chapter
61 & 62 Vict.
c . 44 .
10 Edw. 7 &
1Geo. 5. с.
7.
10&11 Geo. 6.
No. 2.
10& 11 Eliz. 2.
c . 46 .
1967 с. 10. 1969 с. 50.
1970 с. 10.
1970 с. 24.
1972 с. 11.
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Merchant Shipping Section 1A(2).
(Mercantile Marine
Fund) Act 1898.
The Development and Section 2(3).
Road Improvement
Fund Act 1910.
The Church Commis-
Section 17( 3).
sioners Measure 1947.
The Transport Act 1962.
The Forestry Act 1967.
The Trustee Savings Bank
Act 1969.
TheIncome andCorpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.
The Finance Act 1970.
The Superannuation Act
1972.
In Schedule 10, in paragraph
8( 1A ), the words from " and
also " to " 1972 ".
In Schedule 1 , in paragraph
9 ( 2 )( b), the words from " and
also " to " 1972 ".
In section 82(3), the words
following paragraph (e).
In section 20 (1), the words
" 210".
Section 210.
Section 22(3) .
In section 17(1) , subsection ( 2)
of the section set out therein.
In Schedule 6, in paragraph 4,
subsection ( 3) of the section
partly set out therein; in
paragraph 13, subsection ( 2)
of the section set out therein;
paragraph 22; in paragraph
..
41 the words from and
also " to " 1972 "; in para-
graph 60( b ) the words from
" and also " to " 1972 ".
These repeals take effect on 6th April 1973.
2 B4
c . 41
776 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 28
PART V
INTEREST RELIEF
Chapter
Short title Extent of Repeal
1970 с. 10. The Income and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.
1970 с. 24. The Finance Act 1970.
1971 с. 68. The Finance Act 1971.
Sections 57 to 64A.
In section 122(1), paragraph ( c )
and the word " and" preced-
ing it . Section 190.
Section 248(6) .
In section 296( 2 ) the words
" not being interest ".
Section 300.
Section 440.
In section 455, in paragraph(a),
the words " excluding all pay-
ments of interest " and, in
paragraph (b), the words
"subject to section456below ".
Section 456.
Section 469(6 ) .
In section 496 , subsections ( 3)
to ( 7 ).
In Part III of Schedule 12 ,
paragraph 2(1)( c ) and the
word " and " preceding it.
In Schedule 14 , in paragraph 5
the words " section 57( 10 )
and " and paragraph 10.
Section17.
In Schedule 4, paragraph 9,
except sub-paragraph ( 6 ).
In Schedule 6, paragraphs 23,
44, 60 and 66.
In Schedule 8, paragraph 16( 4)
and, in paragraph 16 ( 5 ), the
words " 190 ( 1) " .
These repeals have effect in relation to interest paid and payable on
or after 6th April 1972.
PART VI
TAXATION OF COMPANIES AND COMPANY DISTRIBUTIONS
Chapter Short Title
1965 с. 25. The Finance Act 1965.
1966 с. 18. The Finance Act 1966.
1968 с. 44. The Finance Act 1968.
Extent of Repeal
In section 84, subsections ( 2) (a) ,
( 3 ) (b ) and( 4).
Sections 31 and 32.
Schedule 9.
In section 32(6 ) the words " or
a rate fluctuating in accord-
ance with the basic rate of
income tax ".
Finance Act 1972 777
c .41
SCH. 28
Chapter
1970 с. 9.
1970 с. 10.
Short Title Extent of Repeal
The Taxes Management In section 31( 3) ( b) the figure
Act 1970.
" 297 ".
In section 98, in the Table, the
words " section 301 " and
" Company tax regulations ".
In Schedule 3, in paragraph 8
the words " 288 or 289 " .
The Income and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.
In section 27( 4) the words from
"
"
or under section 31 to
64
non- residents) " .
Section 232(2) and (3 ) .
In section 234, in subsection
( 1 )( b) the words not being
redeemable share capital "
and in subsection (3) the
"
words or fluctuates only
with the basic rate of income
tax".
Section 236.
In section 240, subsections (1 )
to ( 3), in subsection (5 ) the
words " (not being franked
investment income) " except
as respects franked invest-
ment income arising before
6th April 1973, subsection (6 )
and in subsection ( 7 ) the
words " distributions or" and
the words from " and noth-
ing " onwards.
Section 240A.
Section 284( 1 )(a) and (b) .
In section 286 subsection ( 6 )
and in subsection ( 7) the
words " the grossed up equiva-
lent of ".
Sections 288 to 301 .
In section 302 (1), the words
" other than section 290
above".
Section 303 (5)(b).
In section 305( 2) the words
" income tax and ".
In section 310, subsection (3)
and in subsection ( 4 ) the
words from the beginning to
company, and "."
Section 311 .
In section 314, in subsection
( 1) the words " income tax
and " , subsection (3)( b) and
( c ) and, in subsection ( 4),
the words from " If an
accounting period " to
"accounting periods, and ",
and the words " or part of an
accounting period ".
c . 41
778 Finance Act 1972
SCH. 28
Chapter Short title Extent of repeal
1970 с. 10.
-cont.
The Income and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.-
cont .
In section 322( 3) the proviso.
In section 354 ( 2), paragraph
( b ) and, in paragraph ( c ), the
words " of income tax deduc-
tions".
Section 356.
Section 499.
Section 517( 2).
Section 521 ( 3)(a).
In section 522 the words "
or
share " wherever they occur
and the words "In this
section ' share ' includes
stock" .
In section 526 ( 5), in the defi-
nition of "ordinary share
capital " the words " or a
rate fluctuating in accordance
with the basic rate of income
tax" and in the definition of
"preference dividend " the
word " gross " ( three times )
and the words from " but it
does not include " onwards.
Schedule 9.
In Schedule 14, paragraph
19( 1), in paragraph 23( 3), the
words from the beginning to
" 256 of this Act, and", and
paragraph 23( 4) except for
years of assessment before the
year 1973-74.
1970. с. 24. The Finance Act 1970. In Schedule 4, paragraphs
1to5.
In Schedule 8, in Part VI , the
entries relating to section
240( 6 ) of , and Schedule 9 to ,
the Income and Corporation
Taxes Act 1970.
1971 с. 68. The Finance Act 1971 . Section 25(1), ( 2), ( 3) and
( 4 ) ( a ).
In Schedule 6, paragraphs 27
to 29, 31( a), 33 to 38, 77 ,
84( a), 85( b) and 92.
NOTES :
1. Subject to the following paragraphs, these repeals take effect on
6th April 1973 and do not affect the operation of any enactment in
relation to any previous time.
2. The repeal of section 84 ( 4 ) of the Finance Act 1965 has effect in
relation to the year 1972-73 and subsequent years of assessment.
3. The repeals in the Finance Act 1968, in sections 234( 3) and 526( 5 )
of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 and of paragraphs
28, 77 and 92 of Schedule 6 to the Finance Act 1971 do not apply
in relation to dividends payable before 6th April 1973.
c. 41
Finance Act 1972 779
4. The repeal of sections 289 to 301 of the said Act of 1970, the
repeal in section 302 (1) ofthat Act and the repeal of section 25(1), ( 2),
( 3 ) and ( 4 )( a ) of , and paragraphs 34 to 37 and 84( a) and 85( b) of
Schedule 6to, the Finance Act 1971 have effect in relation to accounting
periods ending after 5th April 1973 ; and the repeal of the said section
289 has effect subject to paragraph 19 of Schedule 23 to this Act.
5. The repeal of section 356 of the said Act of 1970 takes effect on
1st April 1972, and the repeal of that section and of section 311 of
that Act have effect subject to section 93(7 ) of this Act.
6. The repeal of the proviso to section 322( 3) of the said Act of
1970 takes effect on 1st April 1974 and does not affect disposals before
thatdate.
7. The repeal of section 499 of the said Act of 1970 takes effect on
1st April 1973 .
SCH. 28
PART VII
ESTATE DUTY
Chapter
Short Title
21 &22 Geo. 5. The Finance Act 1931 .
c . 28.
1Edw. 8 and 1 The Finance Act 1937.
Geo. 6. c. 54.
12 , 13 & 14 The Finance Act 1949.
Geo.6. c.47.
14&15 Geo. 6. The Finance Act 1951 .
с . 43.
Extent of Repeal
In section 40, subsections (1) (a)
and( 2 ).
Section 31 .
Section 31.
Section 33(1).
The repeal of these enactments has effect in relation to deaths
occurring after 21st March 1972 and does not extend to them as
applied by section 33( 2 ) of the Finance Act 1951 .
PART VIII
SELECTIVE EMPLOYMENT TAX
Chapter Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1966 с. 18. The Finance Act 1966.
In section 44 , subsections ( 1)
and( 2 ).
In Schedule 11, paragraphs 1
and2.
1968 с. 44. The Finance Act 1968. Section 51, so far as un-
repealed .
1971 с. 68. The Finance Act 1971 . Section63.
These repeals take effect on 2nd April 1973 .
780 Finance Act 1972
c. 41
SCH. 28 PART IX
SELECTIVE EMPLOYMENT PAYMENTS
Chapter Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1966 с. 18. The Finance Act 1966. 1966 с. 32. 1967 с. 54. The Selective Employment
Payments Act 1966. The Finance Act 1967. 1968 с. 44. The Finance Act 1968. Section 52.
Section 44 and Schedule 11, so
far as unrepealed .
The whole Act.
Sections 25 and 26.
Schedule 12.
Schedule 17.
1969 с. 32. The Finance Act 1969. Section 51.
1970 с. 7. The Local Employment Section 7.
Act 1970.
These repeals take effect on the day appointed under section 122( 5)
ofthis Act.
Chapter
1965 с. 25. PART X
UNIT TRUSTS, INVESTMENT TRUSTS AND FUNDS IN COURT
Short Title
The Finance Act 1965.
Extent of Repeal
Section 37(1 ) .
In section 38( 2), the words
from " and section 37 "
onwards.
Section 94( 2 ).
Section 357.
1970 с. 10. The Income and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.
These repeals do not affect disposals before 6th April 1972.
Finance Act 1972 781
c. 41
PART XI
STAMP DUTY REPEALS
SCH. 28
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
55 Geo. 3. The Stamp Act 1815.
c.184.
Sections 24, 27 and 28.
In the Schedule, Part I so far
as unrepealed.
7 & 8 Vict. The Bank Charter Act Section 7.
с. 32. 1844.
16 & 17 Vict. The Bankers' Composi- Section 7.
c . 63. tion ( Scotland) Act 1853.
17 & 18 Vict.
c. 83. The Stamp Act 1854. Section 12.
54 & 55 Vict. The Stamp Act 1891 .
Sections 29, 30 and 31 .
c . 39.
In Schedule 1 the heading
" BANK NOTE ".
18 &19Geo. 5. The Currency and Bank Section 6(4) .
c. 13.
1963 с. 25.
Notes Act 1928.
The Finance Act 1963 . In section 56(1) the words " and
in paragraph ( 2)(a) " onwards.
1967 с. 54. The Finance Act 1967.
Section 27( 1 ) .
1970 с. 24. The Finance Act 1970. In Schedule 7 paragraphs 5
and 18.
These repeals take effect on 25th June 1972 except that the repeals
in the Finance Act 1963 and the Finance Act 1967 take effect on
1st August 1972 and do not affect instruments executed before that
date .
782 Finance Act 1972
c . 41
SCH . 28 PART XII
MISCELLANEOUS REPEALS
Chapter Short Title
1964 с.49.
1965 с. 25.
The Finance Act 1964.
The Finance Act 1965.
1970 с. 10. TheIncome and Corpora-
tion Taxes Act 1970.
1971 с. 68. The Finance Act 1971.
1972 с. 25.
The Betting and Gaming
Duties Act 1972.
Extent of Repeal
Section 1( 4 ).
In Schedule 6, in paragraph 14,
sub-paragraphs ( 2) to ( 4 ) .
In Schedule 7, paragraph (a )
of the proviso to paragraph
17( 3) .
In Schedule 8, paragraph 5( 3).
In section 83( 1), in paragraph
( a ) the words " ( except sub-
section (6 )) ", in paragraph
( b) the words " the said sub-
section (6 ) or ", and in the
words following the para-
graphs and in the proviso the
words from" where no claim "
to " section 80(6) " .
In section 84(1 ), paragraph (a).
In section 85( 2), the words
"( except subsection (6 )) ".
In section 134(1 ), in paragraph
( a ), the words " ( except sub-
section (6 )) " and, in para-
graph ( b), the words " the
said section 80 ( 6 ) or ".
Section 142( 3).
In section 7, the words from
" fitted with controls " to
"
or a vehicle; " and para-
graphs ( a) and (b).
In section 42, in subsection (1 )
the words from " Except " to
" below"; and subsections
( 2 ) to (6 ).
In Schedule 8, in paragraph
3( 1) the words " which has
been in use for the purposes
of a trade carried on by the
seller ", in paragraph 3(3) the
words"whichhas beeninuse
for the purposes ofhis trade ",
and , in paragraph 4, sub-
paragraph (1 ) ( b) and sub-
paragraph 2 ( b) together with
the word " and " preceding
it .
In Schedule 11 , paragraph 5.
In Schedule 2, in paragraph
18( 1), the words " but before
1st April 1973 ".
NOTES:
1. The repeal of section 1( 4 ) of the Finance Act 1964 takes effect
on 8th August 1972.
Finance Act 1972 783
c. 41
2. The repeals in sections 134 and 142 ofthe Taxes Act do not affect
the operation of those sections in relation to claims that were or could
have been made under section 80( 6 ) ofthat Act as originally enacted.
3. The repeal in section 42 of the Finance Act 1971 has effect in
relation to expenditure incurred after 21st March 1972 and the repeals
in Schedule 8 to that Act have effect in accordance with section 68(9)
of this Act.
SCH. 28
c. 42 785
DIEU ET AMON DROIT
SINOH
PENSE
Town and Country Planning
(Amendment) Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 42
An Act to amend certain enactments relating to develop-
ment plans, to extend the duration of and otherwise
amend certain enactments relating to the control of
office development, to make further provision for
the service of building preservation notices and for
controlling the demolition of buildings in conservation
areas, and provision for the making of grants and
loans in connection with the preservation or enhance-
ment of the character or appearance of such areas,
and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.
[27th July 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-
Amendments of enactments relating to development plans
in England and Wales
1. ( 1) The following provision shall be inserted in the Provision for
Town and Country Planning Act 1971 ( hereafter referred to as joint surveys,
" the Act of 1971 ") after section 10 : — reports and
structure
"Joint
10A-( 1 ) Any two or more local planning plans.
surveys ,
authorities may apply to the Secretary of State for 1971 с. 78.
reports
and plans.
his consent to their areas or any part thereof being
treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as a
combined area ; and if the Secretary of State gives
his consent, the authorities concerned-
786 c. 42 Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act 1972
( a) may institute a joint survey of the com-
bined area under section 6 of this Act,
( b) may jointly prepare and send to the Secre
tary of State under section 7 of this Act
a report of that survey, or a report of
separate surveys instituted by them under
the said section 6 so far as concerning
matters which would (by virtue of subsec-
tion (2) of this section ) fall to be examined
on a survey of the combined area,
( c) may jointly prepare and submit to the Secre
tary of State under the said section 7 a
structure plan for the combined area.
( 2 ) In relation to a survey of a combined area,
references in subsection ( 3) of section 6 of this Act
to the area of a local planning authority shall be
read as references to the combined area, with
references to neighbouring areas construed
accordingly, and where such a survey has been
carried out, each of the authorities concerned shall
be treated as having satisfied their duty under sub-
section ( 1 ) of that section (so far as not previously
satisfied) in relation to so much of their area as
is in the combined area ; and in relation to a survey
under the said subsection ( 1) of the area of a local
planning authority or any part thereof except so
far as included in any combined area for which a
joint survey is carried out, references in the said
subsection (3) to the area or part shall be read as
references to the area to which that survey relates,
with references to neighbouring areas construed
accordingly.
( 3) In relation to a structure plan for a combined
area-
(a) in subsections (3) to (6) of section 7 of this
Act, references to a local planning
authority and the area of a local planning
authority shall be read as references
respectively to the local planning authori-
ties concerned and the combined area, with
the reference in subsection (3) ( b) to
neighbouring areas construed accordingly,
but this paragraph shall not be taken as
empowering the authorities concerned to
indicate as an action area any part of the
Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972 c. 42 787
combined area other than a part comprised
wholly within one or other of their areas,
(b ) subsection (1) of section 8 of this Act shall
be taken as requiring-
( i) the taking by all or any of the authorities
concerned of steps to secure the pur-
poses of paragraphs (a ) to ( c ) of that
subsection, with paragraph (a ) read as
referring to the combined area and para-
graph (b) as referring to the making of
representations to any of the authorities ,
and
( ii) the consideration of representations made
to any of the authorities either by that
authority or by that authority jointly
with all or any of the others,
(c ) subsection ( 2 ) of the said section 8
shall apply to each of the authorities con-
cerned , and
( d ) elsewhere in the said section 8 references to
a local planning authority shall be read as
references to the local planning authorities
concerned.
( 4) Where a structure plan for a combined area has
been approved by the Secretary of State, each of
the authorities concerned shall be treated as having
satisfied their duty under section 7(1) of this Act
in relation to so much of their area as is in the com-
bined area.
( 5) The reference in subsection (1) of section 10
of this Act to a structure plan for the area of a local
planning authority shall include a reference to a
structure plan for a combined area ; and in its
application by virtue of this subsection to a structure
plan for a combined area, the said section 10 shall
have effect-
( a ) as if references therein to a local planning
authority were references to any of the local
planning authorities concerned or all of
those authorities acting jointly, but so that
nodirection may be given under that section
for the submission of joint proposals, and
no single authority may submit or be
directed to submit proposals relating to any
788 c. 42 Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act 1972
part of the combined area outside their
area, and
( b ) as if the reference in subsection (2) thereof
to section 8 of this Act included a reference
to that section as it applies in relation to
such a plan. "
( 2 ) In consequence of the amendment made by subsection
(1) above, section 11 of the Act of 1971 (preparation of local
plans for parts of planning areas for which structure plans have
been approved or prepared, or are in course of being prepared)
shall be amended by adding the following subsection at the
end:-
" ( 12) A local planning authority whose area or any
part thereof is included in a combined area by virtue of
section 10A of this Act shall not be required under sub-
section (7) of this section to prepare a local plan for any
part of the combined area which is outside their area."
Provision for
2. The following provision shall be inserted in the Act of
withdrawal
1971 after that inserted by section 1( 1) above-
of structure
plans, and as to
"With-
10B.-( 1 ) A structure plan submitted to the Secre-
effect of steps
drawal
tary of State for his approval may be withdrawn by
taken in
ofplans,
connection
and effect
the local planning authority, or the local planning
with plans
ofsteps
authorities or any of them, submitting it by a notice
withdrawn or
taken in
in that behalf given to the Secretary of State at
not submitted.
connection with plans
any time before he has approved it , and shall in
withdrawn
that event be treated as never having been submitted.
or not
( 2) On the withdrawal of a structure plan, the
submitted.
authority or authorities preparing it shall also with-
draw the copies of the plan which they have made
available for inspection in accordance with section
8(2) of this Act, and shall give notice that the plan
has been withdrawn to every person who has made
an objection thereto.
( 3) In determining the steps to be taken by them
to secure the purposes of paragraphs (a) to (c) of
section 8 ( 1 ) of this Act, the local planning authority
or authorities preparing a structure plan for any
area may take into account any steps taken to
secure those purposes in connection with any other
structure plan, being one which either was not sub-
mitted to the Secretary of State for his approval or
was so submitted and then withdrawn ; and the
authority or authorities submitting for approval by
the Secretary of State a plan in the case of which
they have taken any steps into account by virtue of
this subsection shall give particulars of those steps
Town and Country Planning (Amendment ) Act 1972 c. 42 789
in their statement to him under subsection (3) of the
said section 8, and the Secretary of State may treat
the steps as having been taken by them in connection
with that plan in determining under subsection (4)
of that section whether he is satisfied that the said
purposes have been adequately achieved in relation
thereto. "
3. ( 1 ) The following subsections shall be substituted for Amendment
subsections (3) and ( 4 ) of section 9 of the Act of 1971 ( which of provisions
specify the duties and powers of the Secretary of State in relating to
approval of
considering any structure plan submitted for his approval and, structure
in particular, require him to consider any objections to the plans and
plan and to afford a hearing to the persons making them) - local plans etc.
by Secretary
66
(3) Where on taking any such plan into consideration of State.
the Secretary of State does not determine then to reject it,
he shall, before determining whether or not to approve it-
(a) consider any objections to the plan, so far as they
are made in accordance with regulations under
this Part of this Act, and
( b) cause a person or persons appointed by him for the
purpose to hold an examination in public of such
matters affecting his consideration of the plan as
he considers ought to be so examined.
( 4) The Secretary of State may after consultation with the
Lord Chancellor make regulations with respect to the pro-
cedure to be followed at any examination under subsection
( 3) of this section.
(5) The Secretary of State shall not be required to secure
to any local planning authority or other person a right to
be heard at any examination under the said subsection (3) ,
and the bodies and persons who may take part therein
shall be such only as he may, whether before or during
the course of the examination, in his discretion invite to
do so:
Provided that the person or persons holding the examina-
tion shall have power, exercisable either before or during
the course of the examination, to invite additional bodies
or persons to take part therein if it appears to him or them
desirable to do so.
( 6) An examination under subsection (3) (b) of this section
shall constitute a statutory inquiry for the purposes of
section 1( 1) (c) of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1971, 1971 с. 62.
but shall not constitute such an inquiry for any other
purpose of that Act.
790 c. 42 Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972
( 7) On considering a structure plan the Secretary of State
may consult with, or consider the views of, any local
planning authority or other person, but shall not be under
any obligation to do so.
( 8) On exercising his powers under subsection ( 1) of this
section in relation to any structure plan, the Secretary of
State shall give such statement as he considers appropriate
of the reasons governing his decision. "
( 2) For the purpose of preserving the existing law in relation
to local plans, the following subsection shall be substituted for
subsection (4) of section 14 of the Act of 1971 ( which, amongst
other things, applies section 9 of that Act with modifications
where the Secretary of State has directed that a local plan shall
not have effect unless approved by him) -
" (4) Where the Secretary of State gives a direction under
subsection (3) of this section, the local planning authority
shall submit the plan accordingly to him for his approval,
and
( a) the Secretary of State may, after considering the
plan, either approve it (in whole or in part and
with or without modifications or reservations) or
reject it ;
( b) in considering the plan, the Secretary of State may
take into account any matters which he thinks are
relevant, whether or not they were taken into
account in the plan as submitted to him ;
( c) subject to paragraph (d ) of this subsection, where
on taking the plan into consideration the Secretary
of State does not determine then to reject it, he
shall, before determining whether or not to
approve it-
(i ) consider any objections to the plan, so far
as they are made in accordance with regulations
under this Part of this Act;
(ii) afford to any persons whose objections so
made are not withdrawn an opportunity of
appearing before, and being heard by, a person
appointed by him for the purpose ; and
(iii ) if a local inquiry or other hearing is
held, also afford the like opportunity to the
authority and such other persons as he thinks
fit ;
Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972 c.42 791
( d ) before deciding whether or not to approve the
plan the Secretary of State shall not be obliged
to consider any objections thereto if objections
thereto have been considered by the authority, or
to cause an inquiry or other hearing to be held
into the plan if any such inquiry or hearing has
already been held at the instance of the authority ;
( e ) without prejudice to paragraph (c) of this sub-
section, on considering the plan the Secretary of
State may consult with, or consider the views of,
any local planning authority or other persons, but
shall not be under an obligation to consult with,
or consider the views of, any other authority or
persons or, except as provided by that paragraph,
to afford an opportunity for the making of any
objections or other representations , or to cause
any local inquiry or other hearing to be held ; and
( f ) after the giving of the direction the authority shall
have no further power or duty to hold a local
inquiry or other hearing under section 13 of this
Act in connection with the plan."
( 3) In consequence of subsection (2) above, in section 15(3)
of the Act of 1971 the words from " but as if" to the end are
hereby repealed.
4.- (1) For section 19 of the Act of 1971 there shall be Amendments
substituted the following section : -
as respects planning for
"Applica-
19. Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect with London.
tion of
respect to surveys, joint surveys, action areas, local
Part II to
Greater
plans and joint local plans in and around Greater
London.
London and generally with respect to the operation
for London of Part II of this Act. " ;
and for Schedule 4 to the Act there shall be substituted the new
Schedule 4 set out in Schedule 1 to this Act.
( 2) In section 20( 2) of the Act of 1971 (provisions as to what
is to constitute the development plan for a London borough) ,
the following shall be substituted for paragraphs (a) and (b) —
" (a) the provisions of the Greater London development
plan as in force for the time being, together with the
notices given from time to time by the Secretary of
State indicating his approval of any feature or element
of the plan ;
(b) any alterations to that plan, together with the Secretary
of State's notices of approval thereof ; ".
792 Continuance
in force of
provisions
relating to
control of
office
development.
Effect on
conditional
planning
permission
ofland
ceasing to
bewithin
controlled
area.
c. 42 Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972
Amendments as respects control of office development
in England and Wales
5.-( 1 ) The following provision shall be substituted for sub-
section ( 1) of section 86 of the Act of 1971 ( under which the
enactments relating to the control of office development in
England and Wales are to cease to have effect at the end of the
period of seven years beginning with 5th August 1965) : —
" ( 1 ) These provisions (other than this section) shall cease
to have effect at the end of the period of twelve years
beginning with 5th August 1965, or, if Her Majesty by
Order in Council so provides, on such earlier date as is
specified in the Order ; and if these provisions cease to have
effect on a date specified as aforesaid, references therein
to the end of the said period of twelve years shall be read
as references to that date " .
( 2) In consequence of the amendment made by subsection ( 1)
above, Schedule 24 to the Act of 1971 (paragraph 19 of which
has the effect that certain planning permissions granted before
1st April 1969 are to be taken as conditional upon the develop-
ment to which they relate having been begun before the expira-
tion of five years from that date, and paragraph 20 of which
makes similar provision with respect to outline planning permis-
sions) shall be amended by inserting the following paragraph
after the said paragraph 20 ( so that no account is taken of
periods during which permissions granted before 5th August 1965
are treated as ineffective by reason of the enactments relating
to office development)-
" 20A. The conditions referred to in paragraphs 19 and
20 of this Schedule shall be treated as providing that, in
calculating any of the periods therein specified, no account
shall be taken of any period after 1st April 1969 during
which, by reason of paragraph 1( 4)(a) of Schedule 12 to this
Act, any planning permission to which they relate is deemed
not to have effect . "
6.- (1) Section 82 of the Act of 1971 (provisions as to condi-
tions imposed under or implied by the enactments relating to
office development ) shall be amended by adding the following
subsection after subsection (5) : -
" (6) Where any land ceases to be within an area to
which these provisions apply by virtue of an order made by
the Secretary of State under section 74(4) of this Act (includ-
ing an order so made by virtue of section 287( 3) of this
Act) any planning permission relating to the land and having
Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972 c. 42 793
effect immediately before that time subject to a condition
to which this section applies shall have effect as from that
time free from the condition unless it is one which is the
subject of a certificate under subsection (3) of this section. "
( 2) Where any land has ceased to be within an area to
which Part I of the Control of Office and Industrial Development 1965 c. 33 .
Act 1965 applies by virtue of an order made under the said
Part I before the passing of this Act, any planning permission
relating to the land and having effect immediately before the
coming into operation of the order subject to a condition to
which section 8 of the said Act of 1965 applies shall have effect
as from the passing of this Act free from the condition unless
it is one which is the subject of a certificate under subsection (3)
of that section.
Service of building preservation notices
Service of
7. (1) Section 58 of the Act of 1971 shall be amended by building
adding at the end the following subsection : -
preservation
“
(6 ) If it appears to the local planning authority to be notices in
cases of
urgent that a building preservation notice should come into
urgency.
force, they may, instead of serving the notice on the owner
and occupier of the building to which it relates, affix the
notice conspicuously to some object on the building ; and
this shall be treated for all the purposes of this section and
of Schedule 11 to this Act as service of the said notice, in
relation to which subsection ( 1)(b) of this section shall be
taken to include a reference to this subsection. " .
( 2 ) Section 48 of the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) 1969 c. 30.
Act 1969 shall be amended by adding at the end the following
subsection: -
66 ( 6 ) If it appears to the local planning authority to be
urgent that a building preservation notice should come into
force, they may, instead of serving the notice on the owner,
lessee and occupier of the building to which it relates, affix
the notice conspicuously to some object on the building ;
and this shall be treated for all the purposes of this section
and of Schedule 4 to this Act as service of the said notice,
in relation to which subsection ( 1) ( b) of this section shall be
taken to include a reference to this subsection. "
Conservation areas
8.- ( 1) This section applies to all buildings other than—
Control of
( a ) listed buildings, and
demolition in
conservation
( b) excepted buildings within the meaning of section 58( 2) areas in
of the Act of 1971 ( buildings, that is to say, excepted England and
from the power of local planning authorities to serve Wales.
794 c. 42 Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act 1972
building preservation notices in respect of non- listed
buildings ).
( 2 ) If it appears to a local planning authority in England or
Wales that, in the interests of preserving the character or appear-
ance of any part of their area which is for the time being a
conservation area, there should be power to control the demoli-
tion of the buildings therein to which this section applies, or
any one or more of those buildings, they may direct that the
buildings or building in question be subject to control under
this section ; and while such a direction is in force as respects
any building, the provisions of the Act of 1971 specified in
Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect in relation to
the building subject to and in accordance with the provisions of
that Part.
( 3) A local planning authority making a direction under sub-
section (2) above shall forthwith submit it to the Secretary of
State for confirmation, and the Secretary of State may confirm
the direction in the form in which it is submitted to him,
confirm it subject to the exclusion of any building or buildings
specified in the confirmation, or refuse to confirm it.
( 4 ) A direction under subsection (2) above shall come into
force on the day on which it is confirmed by the Secretary of
State or, if it contains a declaration by the local planning autho
rity that it is expedient that it should have immediate effect, on
the day on which it is made.
( 5) A local planning authority may by a direction made
under this subsection, which shall not require confirmation by
the Secretary of State but shall take effect on the day on which
it is made, revoke any direction under subsection ( 2) above, or
vary any such direction so as to exclude any building or build-
ings therefrom.
( 6) Where a building to which a direction under subsection
( 2) above relates becomes a listed building or ceases to be in
a conservation area, the direction shall cease to be in force
as respects that building ; and, in the case of a direction con-
taining such a declaration as is mentioned in subsection (4)
above-
( a ) if during the period of six months beginning with the
date on which the direction is made the Secretary of
State notifies the local planning authority that he does
not propose to confirm it , the direction shall cease to
be in force as from the day on which the notification
is received by them,
( b) if during that period the Secretary of State confirms the
direction subject to the exclusion of aspecified building
or buildings, the direction shall thereupon cease to be
in force as respects that building or those buildings,
Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act 1972 c .42 795
( c ) if neither of the above paragraphs applies, the direction
shall cease to be in force at the end of that period
unless the Secretary of State has by then confirmed
it in the form in which it was submitted to him.
( 7) The provisions of Part II of Schedule 2 to this Act shall
have effect for the purpose of supplementing the preceding pro-
visions of this section.
(8) The preceding provisions of this section and the said
Schedule 2 shall be construed as one with the Act of 1971 ; and,
in particular, the local planning authority for the purpose of this
section shall, in Greater London, be the Greater London Council
and also, in relation to a London borough, the council of that
borough.
9.- ( 1 ) This section applies to all buildings other than-
Control of demolition in
(a) listed buildings within the meaning of section 40(1) of
conservation
the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1969 areas in
( hereinafter referred to as the Act of 1969 "), and Scotland.66
(b ) buildings to which section 48(2) of the Act of 1969 1969 c. 30.
applies (buildings, that is to say, excepted from the
power of local planning authorities to serve building
preservation notices in respect of non-listed buildings) .
( 2 ) If it appears to a local planning authority in Scotland
that, in the interests of preserving the character or appearance
of any part of their district which is for the time being designated
as a conservation area under section 1 of the Civic Amenities 1967 с. 69.
Act 1967, there should be power to control the demolition of
the buildings therein to which this section applies, or any one
or more of those buildings, they may direct that the buildings
or building in question be subject to control under this section ;
and while such a direction is in force as respects any building,
the provisions of the Act of 1969 specified in Part I of Schedule
3 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the building subject
to and in accordance with the provisions of that Part.
( 3) A local planning authority making a direction under
subsection (2) above shall forthwith submit it to the Secretary
of State for confirmation, and the Secretary of State may confirm
the direction in the form in which it is submitted to him, confirm
it subject to the exclusion of any building or buildings specified
in the confirmation, or refuse to confirm it.
( 4) A direction under subsection (2) above shall come into
force on the day on which it is confirmed by the Secretary of
State or, if it contains a declaration by the local planning
authority that it is expedient that it should have immediate
effect, on the day on which it is made.
( 5 ) A local planning authority may by a direction made
under this subsection, which shall not require confirmation by
796 c. 42 Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act 1972
the Secretary of State but shall take effect on the day on which
it is made, revoke any direction under subsection ( 2) above, or
vary any such direction so as to exclude any building or buildings
therefrom.
(6) Where a building to which a direction under subsection
( 2) above relates becomes a listed building or ceases to be in
a conservation area under the aforesaid Act of 1967, the direc-
tion shall cease to be in force as respects that building ; and,
in the case of a direction containing such a declaration as is
mentioned in subsection (4) above
( a) if during the period of six months beginning with the
date on which the direction is made the Secretary of
State notifies the local planning authority that he does
not propose to confirm it , the direction shall cease to
be in force as from the day on which the notification
is received by them,
(b) if during that period the Secretary of State confirms the
direction subject to the exclusion of a specified building
or buildings, the direction shall thereupon cease to be
in force as respects that building or those buildings,
(c) if neither of the above paragraphs applies, the direction
shall cease to be in force at the end of that period
unless the Secretary of State has by then confirmed it
in the form in which it was submitted to him.
(7) The provisions of Part II of Schedule 3 to this Act shall
have effect for the purpose of supplementing the preceding
provisions of this section.
(8) The preceding provisions of this section and the said
Schedule 3 shall be construed as one with the Town and
Country Planning ( Scotland ) Acts 1947 to 1969.
Grants and
10. ( 1 ) If the Secretary of State is of opinion that any area
loans for
designated as a conservation area under section 277 of the Act
preservation or of 1971 or, in Scotland, section 1 of the Civic Amenities Act
enhancement
of character or 1967 is an area of outstanding architectural or historic interest,
appearance of he may out of moneys provided by Parliament make grants or
conservation
loans for the purpose of defraying in whole or in part any
areas.
expenditure incurred or to be incurred in or in connection with,
1967 с. 69.
or with a view to the promotion of, the preservation or enhance-
ment of the character or appearance of the area or any part
thereof .
( 2) Agrant or loan under this section may be made subject to
such conditions as the Secretary of State may think fit to impose.
( 3) Any loan under this section shall be made on such terms
as to repayment, payment of interest and otherwise as the
Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury deter-
mine ; and all sums received by the Secretary of State by way
Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972 c.42 797
of interest on, or repayment of, such a loan shall be paid by him
into the Consolidated Fund.
( 4) Before making any grant or loan under this section, the
Secretary of State shall consult, both as to its making and as to
the conditions subject to which it should be made, with the
appropriate Council, that is to say, according as the conservation
area in question is in England, Scotland or Wales (including
Monmouthshire), the Historic Buildings Council for England,
the Historic Buildings Council for Scotland, or the Historic
Buildings Council for Wales :
Provided that this subsection shall not apply in a case where
the making of a grant or loan appears to the Secretary of State
to be a matter of immediate urgency.
(5) The Secretary of State may out of moneys provided by
Parliament pay to any member of any of the Councils referred
to in subsection ( 4 ) above by whom services are rendered in
connection with any question as to the exercise of his powers
under this section such remuneration and allowances as the
Secretary of State may with the approval of the Minister for the
Civil Service determine :
Provided that, in the case of any such member who is also a
member of the House of Commons, the payments which the
Secretary of State may make under this subsection shall extend
only to allowances in respect of travelling and subsistence
expenses, and any other expenses necessarily incurred by that
member in connection with the rendering of the services in
question .
Supplementary
11. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament Expenses .
any increase attributable to this Act in the sums so payable
under any other enactment.
12.-( 1) This Act may be cited as the Town and Country Short title ,
Planning (Amendment) Act 1972, and- citation ,
commence-
(a ) the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 and section ment and
8 of this Act (with Schedule 2) may be cited together extent.
as the Town and Country Planning Acts 1971 and 1972, 1971 с. 78.
( b) the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Acts 1947
to 1969 and section 9 of this Act (with Schedule 3)
may be cited as the Town and Country Planning
( Scotland ) Acts 1947 to 1972.
(2) Sections 8 and 9 of this Act shall come into force at the
expiry of a period of one month beginning with the day on
which it is passed.
(3) Sections 1 to 6 and 8 of this Act (with Schedules 1 and 2)
do not extend to Scotland, and nothing in this Act extends to
Northern Ireland.
798 c. 42 Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act 1972
Section4 (1 ) .
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
REPLACEMENT FOR SCHEDULE 4 TO ACT OF 1971
" SCHEDULE 4
SURVEYS AND DEVELOPMENT PLANS IN GREATER LONDON
Surveys by G.L.C.
1. The matters to be examined and kept under review under
section 6 of this Act by the Greater London Council shall be such of
the matters mentioned in that section as they think fit or, in the case
of a fresh survey under section 6 ( 2 ) instituted in pursuance of a
direction of the Secretary of State, such matters as may be specified
in the direction.
Surveys by London borough councils
2. The matters to be so examined or kept under review by a
London borough council shall be such of the matters mentioned in
section 6 as have not been examined or kept under review by the
Greater London Council, such other matters as they may be required
by that Council to examine or keep under review and, in the case
of a fresh survey under section 6 ( 2 ) instituted in pursuance of a
direction of the Secretary of State, such matters as may be specified
in the direction.
Joint surveys
3.(1) Section 10A of this Act applies neither to the Greater
London Council nor to the London borough councils ; but any two
or more London borough councils may, if they think fit , institute
under section 6 of this Act a joint survey for any combined area
consisting of those boroughs or any part thereof .
( 2 ) Where a London borough council join with another or others
in a joint survey for a combined area-
( a ) the carrying out of that survey shall be sufficient compliance
with the council's duty under section 6 (1) in relation to so
much of the borough as is comprised in the area of the
survey ; and
( b ) section 6(3) shall have effect-
( i) in relation to the joint survey as if references to the
council's area were references to the combined area of
the survey, and
(ii ) in relation to any other survey instituted by the
council under section 6(1), as if those references were to
the area of that other survey,
references to neighbouring areas being construed accordingly
in either case.
Surveys to conform to G.L.C. directions
4. Any survey by a London borough council under section 6 of
this Act, and any joint survey by two or more such councils, shall be
carried out on such lines as the Greater London Council may direct.
Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972 c.42 799
The Greater London development plan as a structure plan
5.- (1 ) The Greater London development plan shall be a structure
plan for Greater London approved under section 9 of this Act and
may be altered under section 10 accordingly.
( 2) The Secretary of State may approve the development plan by
stages, that is to say he may approve any feature or element of the
plan while reserving his decision on other features and elements
of it ; and in the following provisions of this Schedule references to
his final approval of the plan are to when in the case of every feature
and element of it either he has indicated his approval of it (with or
without modifications) or he has indicated his decision not to approve
it .
( 3) The Secretary of State may direct that any area or part of an
area indicated by the development plan as an area intended for
comprehensive development, redevelopment or improvement as a
whole shall be treated as an action area, and references in this
Schedule to an action area shall be construed accordingly.
Alteration of structure plan on proposal of London borough council
6. (1) Any of the London borough councils may, with the prior
consent of the Secretary of State, at any time prepare for submission
to him a proposal for altering the Greater London development plan
so as to indicate any area specified in the proposal as an action area.
( 2 ) Any such proposal shall be sent by the borough council to the
Greater London Council, who shall send it on to the Secretary of State
within such period as he may allow, with any observations of theirs
on the proposal .
( 3 ) Sections 8 and 9 of this Act shall apply with the necessary modi-
fications in relation to a proposal under this paragraph as they apply
in relation to a structure plan.
Exclusion of ss. 7 to 10, 10B, 11 and 12
7. Sections 7 to 10 of this Act do not apply to the London borough
councils and sections 10B, 11 and 12 apply neither to those councils
nor to the Greater London Council.
Local plans : who may prepare them
8. (1 ) In the following provisions of this paragraph, and in para-
graph 9 below, " G.L.C. action area " means an action area in whose
case it is indicated in the Greater London development plan that it
is for theGreater London Council, and not a Londonborough council,
to prepare a local plan for that area.
( 2 ) At any time before the Secretary of State's final approval of
the Greater London development plan the Greater London Council
may, if they think fit, prepare a local plan for the whole or part of a
G.L.C. action area.
SCH. 1
800 SCH. 1 c. 42 Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act 1972
( 3) At any time either before or after the Secretary of State's final
approval of the Greater London development plan-
( a ) a London borough council may, if they think fit, prepare
a local plan for the whole or any part of the borough ;
( b) any two or more of the London borough councils may, with
or without the Greater London Council, together prepare a
joint local plan for the whole or any part of their respective
boroughs ; and
( c ) any one or more such councils and any one or more adjacent
planning authorities may, with or without the Greater
London Council, together prepare a joint local plan for
any part of their respective areas ;
but this sub-paragraph shall not be taken to authorise the preparation
of a local plan ( joint or other) for the whole or any part of a G.L.C.
action area.
( 4 ) In the foregoing sub-paragraph, " adjacent planning authority
means a local planning authority whose area adjoins Greater London.
( 5) Different local plans ( joint or other ) may be prepared for
different purposes for the same part of any area.
Duty of planning authorities to prepare local plans for action areas
9.- (1) As soon as practicable after the Secretary of State's final
approval of the Greater London development plan--
( a ) the Greater London Council shall prepare a local plan for
every G.L.C. action area ; and
(b) in the case of any other action area-
( i ) if it is wholly comprised within a London borough,
the council of that borough shall prepare a local plan
for the area, and
( ii) if not, the council of every London borough in which
any part of the action area falls shall prepare a local
plan for that part ;
but this sub-paragraph shall not be taken to require a council to do
again any thing which they have already done.
( 2 ) In the case referred to in sub-paragraph (1) (b)(ii) above, a
London borough council may comply with that sub- paragraph by
joining with any other borough council concerned, with or without
the Greater London Council, in the preparation of a joint local plan.
( 3) Where a council are required by this paragraph to prepare a
local plan, they shall take steps for the adoption of that plan.
Local plans by direction of Secretary of State
10.- (1 ) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions, the Greater
London Council or a London borough council shall, if the Secretary
of State gives them (either before or after he finally approves the
Greater London development plan ) a direction in that behalf with
Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972 c.42 801
respect to any area ofGreater London, as soon as practicable prepare
for that area a local plan of such a nature as may be specified in the
direction , and take steps for the adoption of the plan; but no such
directions shall require a council to take any steps to comply there-
with until after the Secretary of State's final approval of the Greater
London development plan.
( 2) Before giving a direction to a council under this paragraph the
Secretary of State shall consult the council with respect thereto and,
in the case of a direction to be given to a London borough council,
he shall also, before giving it , consult the Greater London Council.
SCH . 1
General provisions as to local plans
11. (1) The following provisions of this paragraph shall apply
with respect to any local plan prepared under this Schedule by the
Greater London Council or a London borough council and also with
respect to a joint local plan so prepared by two or more planning
authorities ; and in those provisions " the council " means the council
preparing the local plan or, as the case may be , the authorities who
join in the preparation of the joint plan.
( 2 ) The plan shall consist of a map and a written statement and
shall-
(a ) formulate in such detail as the council think appropriate
their proposals for the development and other use of land in
the area for which the plan is prepared, or for any descrip-
tion of development and other use of such land (including in
either case such measures as the council think fit for the
improvement of the physical environment and the manage-
ment of traffic ) ; and
(b) contain such matters as may be prescribed, or as the Secretary
of State may direct.
( 3) The plan shall contain, or be accompanied by, such diagrams,
illustrations and descriptive material as the council think appropriate
for the purpose of explaining or illustrating the proposals in the plan,
or as may be prescribed or as may in any particular case be specified
in directions given by the Secretary of State ; and any such diagrams,
illustrations and descriptive material shall be treated as forming part
oftheplan .
( 4 ) Informulating their proposals in the plan the council shall-
( a ) secure that the proposals conform generally to the Greater
London development plan as it stands for the time being
( whether or not the Secretary of State has finally approved
the plan , but taking into account any feature or element of
it in the case of which he has indicated his approval ), and
(b) have regard to any information and any other considerations
which appear to them to be relevant, or which may be
prescribed , or which the Secretary of State may in any
partciular case direct them to take into account.
2C
802 c. 42 Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972
SCH. 1 ( 5) Before giving a direction to the council under this paragraph
the Secretary of State shall consult the council with respect thereto
and , in the case of a direction to be given to a London borough
council, he shall also, before giving it , consult the Greater London
Council.
Publicity for local plan prepared by single council
12.- ( 1 ) Where the Greater London Council or a London borough
council propose to prepare a local plan, the council shall take such
steps as will in their opinion secure-
( a ) that adequate publicity is given, in any London borough
affected by the plan, to any relevant matter arising out of
a survey under section 6 of this Act ( including any joint
survey ) and to the matters proposed to be included in the
plan:
( b ) that persons who may be expected to desire an opportunity
of making representations to the council with respect to
those matters are made aware that they are entitled to an
opportunity of doing so ; and
( c ) that such persons are given an adequate opportunity of
making such representations ;
and the council shall consider any representations made to them
within the prescribed period.
( 2) After preparing a local plan, the council shall before adopting
it or submitting it for approval under section 14 of this Act (but not
before the Secretary of State has finally approved the Greater London
development plan ) make copies of the plan available for inspection
at their office and at such other places as may be prescribed and-
( a ) in the case of a plan prepared by the Greater London Council,
send a copy of the plan to the council of any London
borough affected by the plan,
( b ) in the case of a plan prepared by a London borough council,
send a copy to the Greater London Council, and
( c) in any case send a copy to the Secretary of State .
( 3) Each copy of a plan made available for inspection as required
by sub-paragraph (2) above shall be accompanied by a statement of
the time within which objections to the local plan may be made
to the council who have prepared the plan ; and the copy sent to the
Secretary of State shall be accompanied by a statement containing
such particulars, if any, as may be prescribed-
(a) of the steps which the council preparing the plan have taken
to comply with sub-paragraph (1) above, and
( b ) of the council's consultations with, and their consideration of
the views of, other persons.
Publicity for joint local plans
13 .- (1 ) Where two or more local planning authorities propose to
join in the preparation of a joint local plan for a combined area,
they shall together take such steps as will in their opinion secure-
( a ) that adequate publicity is given in the areas of those authori-
ties to any relevant matter arising out of a survey under
Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972 c .42 803
section 6 of this Act (including any joint survey ) and to
thematters proposed to be included in the plan ;
( b ) that persons who may be expected to desire an opportunity
of making representations to any of the authorities are made
aware that they are entitled to an opportunity of doing so ;
and
(c ) that such persons are given an adequate opportunity of mak-
ing such representations ;
and the authorities shall consider any representations made to them
within the prescribed period :
Provided that where one of the authorities is the Greater London
Council, that Council shall not be required to take any steps under
this sub-paragraph which can in the Council's opinion be taken, and
are taken, by the council of any London borough in which any part
of the combined area is comprised .
(2) After preparing a joint plan, the planning authorities concerned
shall before adopting it or submitting it for approval under section 14
of this Act ( but not before the Secretary of State has finally approved
the Greater London development plan ) make copies of the plan avail-
able at the offices of each of the authorities respectively and at such
other places as may be prescribed and send copies of the plan to the
Secretary of State and (in a case where the Greater London Council
is not one of the authorities joining in the preparation of the plan )
to that Council.
( 3) Each copy of a joint local plan made available for inspection as
required by sub-paragraph (2) above shall be accompanied by a state-
ment of the time within which objections to the plan may be made
to the planning authorities concerned ; and the copy sent to the
Secretary of State shall be accompanied by a statement containing
such particulars, if any, as may be prescribed-
(a ) of the steps which the planning authorities concerned have
respectively taken to comply with sub- paragraph (1) above,
and
(b ) of those authorities' consultations with, and their considera-
tion of the views of, other persons .
Power of Secretary of State to suspend adoption
14 .- (1) In relation to a local plan ( joint or other) prepared under
this Schedule, section 14(1) of this Act shall have effect as if the
reference to section 12 were to the following provisions of this
paragraph.
( 2) If, on considering the statement submitted with, and the matters
included in, a local plan so prepared and other information provided
by the authority who prepared the plan ( or as the case may be, the
authorities who joined in its preparation ) the Secretary of State is
not satisfied that the purposes of paragraph 12( 1)(a) to ( c) above or,
as the case may be, of paragraph 13(1)( a) to (c) above have been
adequately achieved by the steps taken in that behalf by the authority
or authorities, he may within twenty-one days of the receipt of the
2 C2
SCH. 1
804 c. 42 Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act 1972
SCH . 1 statement direct that no further steps for the adoption of the plan be
taken without such further action as he may specify having been
takeninorder better to achieve those purposes and his being satisfied
that such action has been taken.
( 3) A planning authority who are given directions by the Secretary
of State under this paragraph shall-
( a ) forthwith withdraw copies of the local plan made available
for inspection as required by paragraph 12 or 13 above, and
(b ) in a case where objections to the plan have been made by
any person, notify him that the Secretary of State has given
such directions as aforesaid.
Other modifications of Part II in relation to preparation and
adoption of joint local plans
15.- (1) In relation to a joint local plan prepared for a combined
area by two or more planning authorities, sections 13, 14, and 18
of this Act shall apply, but with the following modifications.
( 2) In section 13, references to the local planning authority shall
be read as references to those authorities.
( 3 ) In the case of section 14-
( a ) subsection (1) shall be read as enabling each of the authori-
ties to adopt the plan so far as it relates to any part of that
authority's area, subject only to such modifications as may
have been agreed between all the authorities ;
( b ) subsection (2) shall apply to each of the authorities ;
(c ) subsection ( 3) shall be read as referring to adoption by all
the authorities ;
(d ) references in subsection (4 ) (except in paragraph (e)) to a
local planning authority shall be read as references to those
authorities.
( 4 ) The date appointed under section 18( 4 ) for the joint plan to
become operative shall be a date jointly agreed between the authori-
ties who joined in the preparation of the plan and be specified in
their respective resolutions adopting the plan .
Alteration etc. of local plans
16.- (1) In relation to a local plan adopted for an area in Greater
London ( other than a joint local plan ), section 15 of this Act shall
apply as if the following were substituted for subsection (3)
" (3) The provisions of paragraphs 11( 4) and ( 5 ) and 12 of
Schedule 4 to this Act , and of sections 13 and 14 of this Act,
shall apply in relation to the making of proposals for the altera-
tion, repeal or replacement of a local plan under this section,
and to alterations to a local plan so proposed, as they apply in
relation to the preparation of a local plan under that Schedule
and to a local plan prepared thereunder. " ;
and in relation to a joint local plan so adopted, the following pro-
visions of this paragraph shall apply in place of section 15.
Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972 c .42 ( 2 ) Proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of the joint
plan may be made by any of the authorities who joined in the pre-
paration of the plan or by those authorities acting together, but-
( a ) in the case of a plan which the Secretary of State has
approved, only with his consent ;
(b ) in the case of proposals made by a single authority, only in
relation to so much of the combined area of the plan as is
comprised in that authority's area.
( 3) Without prejudice to sub-paragraph (2) above, any of the
authorities who joined in the preparation of the plan shall, if the
Secretary of State gives them a direction in that behalf, as soon as
practicable prepare proposals of a kind specified in the direction,
being proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of the plan ;
but no such direction shall be given except for the preparation of
proposals relating to so much of the combined area of the plan as is
comprised in the area of that authority.
( 4 ) The provisions of paragraphs 12 to 14 of this Schedule and of
sections 13 and 14 of this Act (as applied by paragraph 15 above )
shall apply in relation to the making of proposals for the alteration,
repeal or replacement of the joint local plan under this paragraph,
and to alterations to a local plan so proposed, as they apply in
relation to the preparation of a joint local plan under this Schedule
and to a joint local plan prepared thereunder.
Consultation between planning authorities
17 .- (1) A London borough council shall before preparing a local
plan under this Schedule, or proposals for the alteration, repeal or
replacement of such a plan, and before complying with paragraph
12( 2 ) of this Schedule in relation to any such plan or proposals,
consult the Greater London Council .
( 2 ) Before preparing a joint local plan under this Schedule, or
proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of such a plan,
and before complying with paragraph 13( 2) of this Schedule in
relation to any such plan or proposals, the local planning authorities
joining in the preparation of the plan or, as the case may be, prepar-
ing the proposals, shall consult the Greater London Council .
( 3) The Greater London Council shall, before preparing a local
plan or proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of such
a plan, consult the council of any London borough in which there is
comprised any part of the area of the plan, and shall consult that
council before complying with paragraph 12( 2) of this Schedule in
relation to any such plan or proposals.
( 4 ) Where under this paragraph any local planning authority is
required to consult another such authority with respect to any matter,
they shall inform the other authority of their proposals in relation to
that matter and consider any representations made to them by the
other authority within such time as may be prescribed " .
2 C3
805
SCH. 1
806 c . 42 Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act 1972
Section 8(2) (7) . SCHEDULE 2
PROVISIONS AS TO CONTROL OF DEMOLITION IN CONSERVATION
AREAS IN ENGLAND AND WALES
PART I
APPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF ACT OF 1971
1. Section 55 of the Act of 1971 ( requirement of consent of local
planning authority or Secretary of State to works affecting listed
buildings) shall apply in relation to any works for the demolition
of the building as if it were a listed building, but with the omission
of subsections ( 2)(b) and ( 3) ; and subsections (3), (5 ) and (6 ) of
section 56 of the Act, paragraph 2 of Schedule 3 thereto, and Parts
I and II of Schedule 11 thereto ( supplementary ) shall apply accord-
ingly in relation to listed building consent for any such works, but-
( a ) with the said subsection (3) modified by the substitution,
for the reference to the desirability of preserving the building
or any features of special architectural or historic interest
which it possesses, of a reference to the desirability of
preserving the character or appearance of the conservation
area, and
( b ) with the omission from the said Parts I and II of paragraph
5, sub-paragraphs ( 3) and ( 4) of paragraph 6, paragraph 7,
sub-paragraphs (2) and (3)( b) of paragraph 8 and para-
graph 11.
2. Sections 96 to 99 of the Act of 1971 ( listed building enforcement
notices) shall apply in relation to the building as if it were a listed
building, but-
( a ) with section 96(1) modified by the substitution, for the words
" the character of the building as one of special architectural
or historic interest ", of the words " the character or appear-
ance of the conservation area in which the building is
situated ",
( b) with section 97(1) modified by the substitution of the follow-
ing for paragraph ( a) -
" (a) that power to control the demolition of the build-
ing is not necessary in the interests of preserving the
character or appearance of the conservation area in which
it is situated ",
and
( c ) with the omission from section 97( 5) of paragraphs ( b) and
( c ).
3. Section 172 of the Act of 1971 (compensation) shall have effect
on the revocation or modification as mentioned in subsection (1) of
that section of any listed building consent granted in respect of the
building ; and section 190 of the Act and Schedule 19 thereto ( listed
building purchase notices) shall have effect where listed building
consent in respect of the building is refused, granted subject to con-
ditions, revoked or modified as mentioned in subsection (1) of the
said section 190.
Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972 c.42 807
4. If the building is Crown land, section 266(1)( b) of the Act of 1971 shall have effect with respect to the application of any provision
thereto by virtue of this Part of this Schedule.
SCH. 2
PART II
SUPPLEMENTARY
5. On the confirmation by the Secretary of State of any direction
made under subsection (2) of section 8 of this Act by a local planning
authority other than the council of a county borough, or the making
by any such local planning authority of a direction under subsection
( 5) of that section, a copy of the direction certified by the clerk to the
authority to be a true copy, together with a similarly certified copy
of the confirmation in the case of a direction under the said
subsection (2), shall be deposited by the authority as follows-
( a ) in the case of a direction made by a county council or a
joint planning board, with the clerk to the council of any
county district in which any building to which the direction
relates is situated,
(b) in the case of a direction made by the Greater London
Council, with the clerk to the council of any London borough
in which any building to which the direction relates is
situated, and
( c ) in the case of a direction made by the council of a London
borough, with the clerk of the Greater London Council.
6. (1) On the confirmation by the Secretary of State of any direc-
tion under subsection (2) of the said section 8, or the making of any
direction under subsection (5 ) of that section, the direction and
confirmation or, as the case may be, the direction shall be
registered in the register of local land charges, in such manner
as may be prescribed by rules made for the purposes of this
paragraph under section 15( 6 ) of the Land Charges Act 1925, by 1925 c . 22.
the proper officer of the council of every county borough, county
district or London borough in which any building to which the
direction relates is situated.
( 2) Every local authority with whom a copy of any direction is
deposited under paragraph 5 above shall compile and keep available
for public inspection free of charge at reasonable hours and at a
convenient place a list containing particulars of any building in their
area to which the direction relates.
7. A local planning authority making a direction under subsection
( 2 ) of the said section 8 containing such a declaration as is mentioned
in subsection ( 4 ) of that section shall forthwith serve on every person
who is an owner or occupier of any building to which the direction
relates a notice stating that the direction has been made and explain-
ing its effect, and, on being notified by the Secretary of State of his
decision with respect to confirmation of the direction, shall forthwith
notify every such person of the decision ; and where any direction
under the said subsection (2) not containing such a declaration is con-
firmed by the Secretary of State, or a ( lirection is made under
2 C4
808 c. 42 Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act 1972
SCH. 2 subsection (5) of the said section 8, the local planning authority
making the direction shall forthwith serve on every person erson who is an
owner or occupier of any building affected by the direction a notice
stating that the direction has been made and confirmed or, as the
case may be, made, and (unless it is a direction under the said
subsection (5)) explaining its effect.
8.- (1) If a direction under subsection ( 2 ) of the said section 8
containing such a declaration as is mentioned in subsection ( 4 ) of
that section ceases to be in force as respects any building by virtue
of paragraph (a ), ( b) or (c) of subsection (6 ) of that section, then,
subject to a claim in that behalf being made to the local planning
authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regula-
tions under the Act of 1971, any person who at the time when the
direction was made had an interest in the building shall be entitled
to be paid compensation by the authority in respect of any loss or
damage directly attributable to the effect of the direction.
( 2 ) The loss or damage in respect of which compensation is
payable under sub-paragraph (1) above shall include a sum payable
in respect of a breach of contract caused by the necessity of counter-
manding any works to the building on account of the direction
being in force with respect thereto.
9.- (1) The following provisions of this paragraph shall have
effect where any direction under subsection ( 2) of the said section 8
ceases to be in force as respects any building, but, in the case of sub-
paragraph (4), not where the direction ceases to be in force by reason
of the building becoming a listed building.
( 2 ) The fact that the direction has ceased to be in force shall not
affect the liability of any person to be prosecuted and punished
for an offence under section 55 or 98 of the Act of 1971 committed
by him with respect to the building while the direction was in force.
( 3) Any proceedings on or arising out of an application for listed
building consent made while the direction was in force shall lapse,
and any listed building consent granted with respect to the building
while the direction was in force shall also lapse.
( 4) Any listed building enforcement notice served by the local
planning authority while the direction was in force shall cease to have
effect , and any proceedings thereon under sections 96 and 97 of
the Act of 1971 shall lapse, but section 99(1) and ( 2) of that Act
shall continue to have effect as respects any expenses incurred by
the local authority, owner or occupier as therein mentioned and
with respect to any sums paid on account of such expenses.
Town and Country Planning (Amendment) Act 1972 c. 42 809
SCHEDULE 3
PROVISIONS AS TO CONTROL OF DEMOLITION IN CONSERVATION
AREAS IN SCOTLAND
PART I
APPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF ACT OF 1969
1. Subsections (2), (4) (a) and (6 ) to ( 8) of section 40 of the Act of
1969 (requirement of consent of local planning authority or Secre-
tary of State to works affecting listed buildings) shall apply in
relation to any works for the demolition of the building as if it
were a listed building ; and subsections ( 3), ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) of section 41
of the Act, section 56 of the Act, and Parts I and II of Schedule 4
thereto with section 22 as it applies to appeals under that Schedule,
shall apply accordingly in relation to listed building consent for any
such works, but-
(a ) with the said subsection ( 3) modified by the substitution,
for the reference to the desirability of preserving the build-
ing or any features of special architectural or historic interest
which it possesses, of a reference to the desirability of
preserving the character or appearance of the conservation
area, and
(b ) with the omission from the said Parts I and II of para-
graph 4, paragraph 5, sub-paragraphs (2 ) and (3) (b) of para-
graph 6 and paragraph 9.
2. Sections 44 to 46 of the Act of 1969 and Part IV of Schedule 4
to that Act with section 22 as it applies to appeals under that
Schedule (listed building enforcement notices) shall apply in relation
to the building as if it were a listed building, but-
(a ) with section 44(1) modified by the substitution, for the words
" the character of the building as one of special architec-
tural or historic interest ", of the words " the character or
appearance of the conservation area in which the building
is situated",
(b ) with sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 17 of Schedule 4 modi-
fied by the substitution of the following for paragraph (a )
" (a) that power to control the demolition of the build-
ing is not necessary in the interests of preserving the
character or appearance of the conservation area in which
it is situated ",
and
( c ) with the omission from sub-paragraph ( 5 ) of the said para-
graph 17 of paragraphs (b) and (c ).
3. Section 42 of the Act of 1969 and Part III of Schedule 4
thereto (listed building purchase notices) shall, subject to subsections
( 4 ) and (5) of section 51 of the Act , have effect where listed build-
ing consent in respect of the building is refused, granted subject to
conditions, revoked or modified as mentioned in subsection (1) of
the said section 42.
Section (9) 2( 7) .
810 c. 42 Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972
SCH. 3
1947 с. 53.
4. If the building is Crown land within the meaning of section 83
of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland ) Act 1947, subsection
( 2 )(b) of that section (whereby the restrictions imposed by certain
provisions of that Act apply to a limited extent to Crown land ) shall
have effect as if the provisions of this Act, in its application to
Scotland, were included in Part II of that Act.
PART II
SUPPLEMENTARY
5. On the confirmation by the Secretary of State of any direction
made under subsection ( 2) of section 9 of this Act by a local planning
authority, or the making by any local planning authority of a
direction under subsection ( 5 ) of that section, a copy of the direction
and confirmation or of the direction as the case may be certified by
the clerk of the authority to be a true copy, shall be deposited by
that authority with the clerk of any local authority in whose district
any building to which the direction relates is situated.
In this paragraph " local authority " means a county council or
the town council of a burgh.
6. Every local authority with whom a copy of any direction is
deposited under paragraph 5 above shall compile and keep available
for public inspection free of charge at reasonable hours and at a
convenient place a list containing particulars of any building in
their district to which the direction relates.
7. A local planning authority making a direction under subsection
( 2) of the said section 9 containing such a declaration as is mentioned
in subsection ( 4 ) of that section shall forthwith serve on every
person who is an owner, lessee, or occupier of any building to which
the direction relates a notice stating that the direction has been
made and explaining its effect, and, on being notified by the Secretary
of State of his decision with respect to confirmation of the direction,
shall forthwith notify every such person of the decision ; and where
any direction under the said subsection ( 2 ) not containing such a
declaration is confirmed by the Secretary of State, or a direction is
made under subsection (5) of the said section 9, the local planning
authority making the direction shall forthwith serve on every person
who is an owner, lessee, or occupier of any building affected by the
direction a notice stating that the direction has been made and
confirmed or, as the case may be, made, and (unless it is a direction
under the said subsection ( 5) ) explaining its effect .
8.- (1) If a direction under subsection ( 2) of the said section 9 con-
taining such a declaration as is mentioned in subsection ( 4) of that
section ceases to be in force as respects any building by virtue of
paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of subsection ( 6 ) of that section, then, subject
to a claim in that behalf being made to the local planning authority
within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, any person
who at the time when the direction was made had an interest in the
building shall be entitled to be paid compensation by the authority
in respect of any loss or damage directly attributable to the effect
of the direction.
Town and Country Planning ( Amendment) Act 1972 c.42 811
( 2 ) The loss or damage in respect of which compensation is pay-
able under sub-paragraph (1) above shall include a sum payable in
respect of a breach of contract caused by the necessity of counter-
manding any works to the building on account of the direction
being in force with respect thereto.
9.- (1) The following provisions of this paragraph shall have
effect where any direction under sub- paragraph ( 2) of the said section
9 ceases to be in force as respects any building, but, in the case of
sub- paragraph (4), not where the direction ceases to be in force by
reason of the building becoming a listed building .
( 2 ) The fact that the direction has ceased to be in force shall
not affect the liability of any person to be prosecuted and punished
for an offence under section 40 or 45 of the Act of 1969 committed
by him with respect to the building while the direction was in force.
( 3) Any proceedings on or arising out of an application for
listed building consent made while the direction was in force shall
lapse, and any listed building consent granted with respect to the
building while the notice was in force shall also lapse.
( 4 ) Any listed building enforcement notice served by the local
planning authority while the direction was in force shall cease
to have effect, and any proceedings thereon under Part IV of
Schedule 4 to the Act of 1969 shall lapse, but section 46(1) and ( 2 )
of that Act shall continue to have effect as respects any expenses
incurred by the local authority, owner, lessee or occupier as therein
mentioned and with respect to any sums paid on account of such
expenses.
SCH. 3
812 c .43
CHONIS
PENSE
DIEUETMON DROIZ
Field Monuments
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 43
An Act to make provision for agreements for the
protection of certain ancient monuments and con-
sequential provision for payments under such agree-
ments out of moneys provided by Parliament to
occupiers of land which is the site of such a monument.
[27th July 1972]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
Acknowledg- 1.- (1) The Secretary of State may make payments to any
ment payments occupier of land which is the site of a field monument, if in the
under agreements for opinion of the Secretary of State there is a danger that the monu-
the protection ment will be injured in the course of agriculture or forestry, in
offield
consideration of the occupier entering into an agreement under
monuments.
this Act with the Secretary of State for the protection of that
monument, and as an acknowledgment of the occupier under-
taking the duties and liabilities for which the agreement provides.
In this Act-
" field monument " means an ancient monument which is
for the time being specified in a list published under
1913 с. 32.
section 12 of the Ancient Monuments Consolidation
and Amendment Act 1913 or in respect of which a
1931 с. 16.
notice has been served under section 6(1 ) of the Ancient
Monuments Act 1931 (notice of intention to include a
monument in a list under the said section 12) ;
“ acknowledgment payment agreement " means an agreement
under this Act ; and
" acknowledgment payment " means a payment under an
acknowledgment payment agreement.
c .43
FieldMonuments Act 1972 813
( 2) Any person who has an interest in land which is the site
of a field monument may be a party to an acknowledgment pay-
ment agreement in addition to the occupier; but no person other
than the occupier shall be entitled under this Act to an acknowledg-
ment payment.
( 3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) above,
an acknowledgment payment agreement-
( a) may restrict the use of the site of the monument ;
( b) may prohibit in relation to the site the doing of any such
thing as may be specified in the agreement;
(c ) may provide for the carrying out of such work in relation
to the site and the doing of such other things in relation
to it as may be so specified ;
( d ) shall provide for the making of acknowledgment pay-
ments, of such amounts and upon such terms as may
be specified in the agreement, in recognition of the
interference with agriculture or forestry which is
expected to be caused by the carrying out of the
agreement.
( 4 ) Part I of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect to
empower limited owners and trustees to enter into acknowledg-
ment payment agreements, and Part II shall have effect as to the
enforcement of acknowledgment payment agreements .
2. After section 6( 2) of the Ancient Monuments Act 1931 Effect of
( which makes it an offence in certain circumstances to execute acknowledg-
ment payment
any work for the purpose of demolishing, removing or repairing agreement in
any part of an ancient monument or of making any alteration relation to
or addition to such a monument until the expiration of three demolition
months' notice of intention to do so) there shall be inserted the etc. of
following subsection :-
monuments.
1931 с. 16.
66 ( 2A ) Where a notice under subsection ( 2) of this section
relates to an ancient monument in respect of which an
acknowledgment payment agreement is in force at the date
on which the notice is given, and the person who gives the
notice is bound by the agreement, that subsection shall have
effect in relation to that person and that notice as if the
reference to the expiration of three months after the giving
of the notice were a reference to the end of the period for
which the agreement was made or the expiration of three
months after the giving of the notice, whichever shall be
later.
In this subsection " acknowledgment payment agreement "
means an agreement under the Field Monuments Act 1972."
814 FieldMonuments Act 1972
c.43
Citation,
construction
and extent.
3.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Field Monuments Act
1972, and the Ancient Monuments Acts 1913 to 1953 and this
Act may be cited together as the Ancient Monuments Acts 1913
to 1972.
( 2 ) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference
to it as amended by or under any other enactment.
( 3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.
Field Monuments Act 1972 815
c . 43
SCHEDULE
Section 1 .
ACKNOWLEDGMENT PAYMENT AGREEMENTS
PART I
LIMITED OWNERS AND TRUSTEES
England and Wales
1 .- (1 ) The tenant for life under the Settled Land Act 1925 of land 1925 c. 18.
in England or Wales which is settled land for the purposes of that Act
may enter into an acknowledgment payment agreement relating to
any of the settled land.
( 2 ) Trustees for sale within the meaning of the Law of Property 1925 с. 20.
Act 1925 and personal representatives within the meaning of the
Administration of Estates Act 1925 may enter into an acknowledgment 1925 c. 23.
payment agreement relating to any land vested in them.
Scotland
2.- (1) In the case of land in Scotland, any person being-
( a ) the liferenter, or
( b ) the heir of entail,
in possession ofthe land shall have power to enter into acknowledgment
payment agreements relating to the land or any part of it .
( 2 ) The Trusts ( Scotland ) Act 1921, shall have effect as if among 1921 c. 58.
the powers conferred on trustees by section 4 of that Act (which
relates to the general powers of trustees) there were included a power
to enter into acknowledgment payment agreements relating to the
trust estate or any part of it.
PART II
ENFORCEMENT
England and Wales
3. If an acknowledgment payment agreement imposes any burden
which is capable of running with land and is intended so to run, the
agreement shall be registered as if it were a local land charge by the
proper officer of the local authority in whose area the land is situated,
and the provisions of the Land Charges Act 1925, including section 1925 с. 22
15(1) of that Act ( which makes an unregistered charge void in certain
circumstances) shall have effect accordingly.
In this paragraph " local authority " means the council of a borough ,
including a county borough and a London borough, and an urban or
rural district council.
c .43
816 Field Monuments Act 1972
SCH.
1925 с. 20.
4. It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to give to the local
authority's officer the information necessary to enable him to comply
with paragraph 3 above.
5. The Secretary of State shall, as respects the enforcement of an
acknowledgment payment agreement relating to land in England or
Wales against persons other than the original parties to the agreement,
have the like rights as if he had at all material times been the absolute
owner in possession of ascertained land adjacent to the land to which
the agreement relates and capable of being benefited by the agreement,
and the agreement had been expressed to be for the benefit of that
adjacent land.
6. Section 84 of the Law of Property Act 1925 (which enables the
Lands Tribunal to discharge or modify restrictive covenants) shall not
apply to an acknowledgment payment agreement.
Scotland
7. An acknowledgment payment agreement relating to land in
Scotland may be recorded in the General Register of Sasines and, if
so recorded, shall be enforceable at the instance of the Secretary of
State against any person having an interest in the land and against
any person deriving title from him :
Provided that such an agreement shall not be so enforceable against
any third party who shall have in good faith and for value acquired
right ( whether completed by infeftment or not) to his interest in the
land prior to the agreement being recorded as aforesaid, or against
any person deriving title from such third party.
c .44 817
YPENSE
SINOHS
FTMONDROIT
Children Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 44
An Act to secure that the minimum age at which children
may be employed is not affected by any further change
in the school-leaving age. [27th July 1972]
BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1.- ( 1 ) Notwithstanding any change in the age governing the Minimum
time when children may leave school, the minimum age at which, age of
under section 18(1) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 employment.
or section 28( 1 ) of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) 1933 c. 12.
Act 1937, it is lawful for a child to be employed shall remain the 1937 c. 37.
age of 13 years .
( 2) Accordingly in each of those sections for subsection (1)( a)
there shall be substituted the paragraph-
66 " (a ) so long as he is under the age of thirteen years " ;
and in subsection (2) (which allows the general rules in sub-
section ( 1) to be modified by local authority bye-laws) for
paragraph (a)(i) there shall be substituted the sub-paragraph-
66 (i ) the employment of children under the age of thirteen
years (notwithstanding anything in paragraph (a) of the
last foregoing subsection) by their parents or guardians
in light agricultural or horticultural work " .
2.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Children Act 1972.
Short title,
repeal and
( 2) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are extent.
hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3 of the Schedule.
( 3) Nothing in this Act extends to Northern Ireland.
818 Children Act 1972
c .44
SCHEDULE
ENACTMENTS REPEALED
Chapter
Short Title Extent of repeal
7 & 8 Geo. 6. The Education Act 1944. In Schedule 8, the entry relating
с . 31. to the Children and Young
Persons Act 1933, section 18 .
8 & 9 Geo. 6. The Education (Scotland ) In Schedule 4, so much of the
c. 37. Act1945.
entry for the Children and
Young Persons (Scotland ) Act
1937 as relates to section 28
ofthat Act.
11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Education (Miscel-
c.40 . laneous Provisions) Act
1948.
In Part II of Schedule 1 the
entry relating to the Children
and Young Persons Act 1933
section 18( 1 ) ( a) .
1963 с. 37. The Children and Young
Persons Act 1963 .
In Schedule 3, paragraph 29( 1 ) .
c. 45 819
DIEUET M
PENSE
MON DROIT
Trading Representations
( Disabled Persons)
Amendment Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 45
An Act to amend the Trading Representations (Disabled
Persons) Act 1958 .
[ 27th July 1972]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —
1.- (1) Subsection ( 1) of section 1 of the Trading Representa- Amendment
tions ( Disabled Persons) Act 1958 (hereinafter referred to as 66
theofsection 1
of Trading
principal Act " ) ( which places restrictions on selling goods Representa-
advertised as made by or sold for the benefit of blind or otherwise tions (Disabled
disabled persons) shall be read and have effect as if-
Persons )
( a) after the words " in selling " there were inserted the
Act 1958 .
words 66
any goods or exchanging any article or thing 1958 c. 49 .
for any other article or thing " ;
( b) in paragraph (a) after the word " goods " there were
inserted the words " article or thing " ;
(c ) in paragraph (b) after the word " goods " where first
appearing there were inserted the words " article or
thing " and after the word " goods " where secondly
appearing there were inserted the words " or the exchange
of the article or thing " ;
( d ) after the words " or by post " there were inserted the
words or by telephone " ;66
(e ) the words " unless the person carrying on the business
is registered under this Act in respect of goods of that
description " were omitted ; and
820 c. 45 Trading Representations (Disabled Persons) Amendment
Act 1972
( f ) in place of the words " on summary conviction to a fine
not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding three months or to both such
fine and imprisonment " there were inserted the
following-
66 " (i ) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding
£ 400; and
(ii) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or im-
prisonment for a term not exceeding two years or
both ".
( 2 ) Subsection ( 2 ) of the said section 1 shall be read and have
effect as if-
( a ) after the word " goods " there were inserted the words
" articles or things " ; and
( b ) in place of the words " either produced, prepared, packed
or otherwise made ready for sale by his own labour "
there were substituted the words " produced by his own
labour".
( 3) Subsection ( 5 ) of the said section 1 shall be read and have
effect as if-
(a ) after the word " means "
there were inserted the words
" the Greater London Council " ; and
( b ) in place of the words " metropolitan borough " there
were inserted the words " London borough ".
( 4 ) Subsection ( 6 ) of the said section 1 is hereby repealed.
( 5 ) Section 1 of the principal Act as amended shall have effect
as set out in the Schedule to this Act.
Repeals.
2. Sections 2 and 3 of the principal Act ( which relate to registra-
tion under that Act) are hereby repealed.
Short title
and
commence-
ment.
3.- (1 ) This Act may be cited as the Trading Representations
( Disabled Persons ) Amendment Act 1972.
( 2 ) This Act shall come into operation on 1st January, 1973.
Trading Representations (Disabled Persons) Amendment c. 45 821
Act 1972
SCHEDULE
Section 1.
SECTION 1 OF THE PRINCIPAL ACT AS AMENDED
1.- (1) It shall not be lawful, in selling any goods or exchanging Sale of goods
any article or thing for any other article or thing or soliciting orders advertised as
made by, or
for goods of any description in the course of a business carried onby sold for, benefit
any person, for any representation that, or implying that, blind or of blind or
otherwise disabled persons, or any description of such persons ,- otherwise
disabled
( a ) are employed in the production, preparation or packing ofpersons.
the goods, article or thing or,
(b) benefit (otherwise than as users of the goods, article or thing)
from the sale of the goods or the exchange of the article or
thing or the carrying on of the business,
to be made in the course of visits from house to house, or by post or
by telephone ; and any person who contravenes this subsection shall
be liable-
(i ) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400; and
(ii) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or imprisonment for a
term not exceeding two years or both.
( 2 ) The foregoing subsection shall not apply where the business is
being carried on-
(a ) by a local authority, or
( b) by any fund, institution, association or undertaking which is
registered or exempted from registration under the War 1940 c. 31.
Charities Act 1940 or that Act as extended by section forty-
one of the National Assistance Act 1948 , or 1948 с. 29.
( c ) by a company, association or body providing facilities under
section fifteen of the Disabled Persons (Employment) Act 1944 c. 10.
1944 in pursuance of arrangements under subsection ( 2 ) of
that section, or
(d ) by any body of persons exempted by the Secretary of State for
Employment (hereinafter referred to as " the Secretary of
State ") from the operation of the foregoing subsection,
being a body appearing to the Secretary of State to be
carrying on business without profit to its members,
or where the person carrying on the business is substantially disabled
and all goods, articles or things with respect to which the representation
is made were produced by his own labour.
( 3 ) In England or Wales a local authority may institute proceedings
for an offence under this section.
( 4 ) Where an offence under this section which has been committed
by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent
or connivance of , or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of ,
any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body
corporate, or any person purporting to act in any such capacity, he
as well as the body corporate shall be deemed to be guilty of that
offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished
accordingly.
822 c. 45 Trading Representations (Disabled Persons) Amendment
Act 1972
( 5 ) In this section " house " includes a place of business, and
" local authority " means the Greater London Council, the council of
a county , county borough or county district or a London borough or
the Common Council of the City of London, or, in Scotland, a county
or town council .
c.46 823
ONIS
PENSE
DIEU ETA MON DROLL
Housing (Financial
Provisions) (Scotland)
Act 1972
1972 CHAPTER 46
An Act to introduce a new system of housing subsidies
for housing authorities ; to provide for rent rebate and
rent allowance schemes administered by housing autho-
rities ; to make provision as to the housing accounts of
local authorities ; to amend the law about rents of
houses and in particular those subject to the Rent
( Scotland) Act 1971 or provided by housing authorities ;
and to make other provision as to housing finance.
[27th July 1972]
B
E IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and
Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament
assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : -
PART I
HOUSING SUBSIDIES
Introduction of new housing subsidies
1 .-( 1 ) The subsidies set out in subsection (2) below shall Introduction
be payable to local authorities in the circumstances , and subject of new
to the conditions, set out in this Part of this Act.
housing subsidies .( 2) The said subsidies are-
Subsidies to be credited to the housing revenue account.
1. The residual subsidy.
2. The housing expenditure subsidy.
3. The high cost subsidy.
Subsidies to be credited to other accounts.
4. The rent rebate subsidy.
5. The rent allowance subsidy.
6. The slum clearance subsidy.
824 PART I
The residual
subsidy.
c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972
( 3) The subsidies set out in this subsection shall be payable to
development corporations and the Scottish Special Housing Asso-
ciation in the circumstances , and subject to the conditions, set out
in this Part of this Act.
The said subsidies are
1. The residual subsidy.
2. The housing expenditure subsidy.
3. The high cost subsidy.
4. The rent rebate subsidy.
( 4 ) None of the subsidies set out in subsections ( 2) and (3)
above shall be payable, whether to a local authority, a develop-
ment corporation or the Scottish Special Housing Association,
for the year 1971-72 or for any earlier year, except that , in the
circumstances, and subject to the conditions, set out in this Part
of this Act, the slum clearance subsidy shall be payable to a local
authority in respect of expenditure incurred in the year 1971-72.
(5) The subsidies so receivable by housing authorities shall
be paid by the Secretary of State out of money provided by
Parliament.
Housing subsidies payable to local authorities
2.- (1) This section has effect as to the circumstances in which
residual subsidy is payable to a local authority.
( 2 ) For the purpose of determining the amount of residual
subsidy payable to a local authority for the year 1972-73 and
subsequent years, a calculation shall be made of the residual
entitlement of the local authority as defined in subsection ( 3)
below.
( 3) Subject to subsections ( 4 ) and (5 ) below, the residual
entitlement of a local authority shall consist of-
( a) the amount of exchequer contributions to which they
are entitled in respect of property to which the hous-
ing revenue account relates for the year 1971-72 under
the enactments described in Part I of Schedule 1 to
this Act, as finally determined by the Secretary of
State under paragraph 5 of Schedule 8 to this Act, and
( b) the further amount of such exchequer contributions to
which they would be entitled for the year 1971-72 if
houses, in respect of which proposals for their provi-
vision were submitted to the Secretary of State in a
form acceptable to him before 1st December 1971
for his approval but which were not completed in that
year, had been completed in that year ; and accordingly
the provisions of Part I of the Act of 1968 relating
Housing (Financial Provisions ) ( Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 825
to the calculation of exchequer contributions payable
PART I
thereunder shall apply for the purpose of calculating
the amount referred to in this paragraph as if such
houses had been so completed, and
( c ) the amount of any contribution which they are entitled
to receive for the year 1971-72 from another local
authority under section 9( 4)(b) of the Housing and 1957 c. 38.
Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957 in pursuance
of an overspill agreement.
( 4) The residual entitlement shall not include any amount
which was paid to the local authority under any enactment and
on receipt of which they were required to make a payment of the
same or a greater amount to any other person.
( 5) The residual entitlement shall not include any amount
referred to in subsection (3)( b) above in so far as it exceeds
any amount carried to the credit of the housing revenue account
under paragraph 1 ( 4 ) of Schedule 7 to the Act of 1968 for
the year 1971-72.
(6 ) The residual entitlement shall be expressed as a sum per
house for the year 1971-72.
( 7) Subject to subsections (8) and (10) below, the amount of
residual subsidy payable to a local authority for the year 1972-73
shall be-
( a) an amount per house which is £9 less than the residual
entitlement as expressed in subsection (6) above, plus
( b) where the residual entitlement is limited by subsection (5)
above, an amount equal to the amount which is not
included in the residual entitlement by virtue of that
subsection.
( 8) The amount referred to in subsection (7)(b) above shall be
payable only if the local authority comply with the conditions
set out in paragraph 1 of Schedule 10 to this Act.
( 9) The amount of residual subsidy payable to a local authority
for the year 1973-74 shall be an amount per house which is £10
less than the amount per house payable to them for the year
1972-73 under subsection ( 7)(a) above ; and in each subsequent
year the amount per house of residual subsidy payable to a
local authority shall be £10 less than the amount per house
payable for the immediately preceding year, and so on until the
amount becomes zero .
( 10) Where any houses of a local authority referred to in sub-
section (3)(b) above have not been completed by the end of the
year 1974-75, then any residual subsidy which has been paid to
826 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART I
the local authority on the basis that those houses had been
completed shall, if the Secretary of State so requires, be repaid to
him on such terms as he may determine.
(11) Any question as to the residual entitlement and as to the
number of houses to which the housing revenue account relates
shall be determined by the Secretary of State.
Thehousing expenditure
3.- (1 ) This section has effect as to the circumstances in
which-
subsidy and
associated
( a ) housing expenditure subsidy is payable to a local
rate fund
authority, and
contribution.
(b) a contribution out of the general rate fund associated
with the housing expenditure subsidy is to be made by
the local authority.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local authority
shall be entitled to housing expenditure subsidy if for the year
1972-73 or any subsequent year there is an increase in the local
authority's expenditure per house which exceeds £6 or such
other sum as the Secretary of State may by order from time
to time determine .
( 3) In this section " qualifying amount " means, in relation
to the year 1972-73 and subsequent years, the excess mentioned
in subsection (2) above multiplied by the number of houses to
which the housing revenue account relates for that year.
( 4 ) If there is a qualifying amount for any year (in this
section called, in relation to the qualifying amount, " the base
year ") then for the base year and for each subsequent year-
( a) housing expenditure subsidy shall be payable to the local
authority of an amount equal to the percentage of the
qualifying amount specified in relation to the base year
in column 2 of the Table below, and
( b) the local authority shall make an associated contribu-
tion out of the general rate fund of an amount equal
to the percentage of the qualifying amount specified in
relation to that base year in column 3 of the said
Table,
and accordingly, housing expenditure subsidy, and the associated
contribution out of the general rate fund for any year ( later than
1972-73) may comprise elements by reference to qualifying
amounts for two or more different base years.
Housing (Financial Provisions ) ( Scotland ) Act 1972 c . 46 827
TABLE
Amount ofassociated
Amount ofhousing
Base yearfor
which the local
authority has a
qualifying amount
contribution out of the
expenditure subsidy
general rate fund
by reference to base
by reference to base
year to be thefollowing
year to be the following
percentage of the
qualifying amount
percentage of the
qualifying amount
1
2
3
1972-73 ... ...
90 per cent
10 per cent
1973-74... ...
85 per cent
15 per cent
1974-75 ... ...
80 per cent
20 per cent
1975-76 and subse-
quent years...
75 per cent
25 per cent
( 5 ) Housing expenditure subsidy for which the base year is
any of the years 1972-73 to 1977-78 shall not be payable for
the year 1982-83 or any subsequent year, and housing expendi-
ture subsidy for which the base year is 1978-79 or any
subsequent year shall not be payable for more than five years
( including the base year) .
(6) Where by virtue of subsection (5 ) above housing expendi-
ture subsidy based on any year is not to be payable, the
associated contribution out of the general rate fund based on
that year shall not be made.
( 7) For the purposes of this section, there is an increase in
a local authority's expenditure per house if-
(a) the local authority's expenditure for the year divided
by the number of the local authority's houses to which
the housing revenue account relates for that year
exceeds
(b) such expenditure for the immediately preceding year
divided by the number of the local authority's houses
to which the housing revenue account relates for that
year,
and the excess is the amount of the increase per house.
(8) Subject to subsections (9) and ( 10 ) below and paragraphs
2(6) and 3(5) of Schedule 10 to this Act, for the purposes of
this section, references to a local authority's expenditure for
any year are references to the total expenditure required to be
debited to the local authority's housing revenue account for
that year in so far as approved by the Secretary of State, but
in the case of expenditure incurred as mentioned in sub-
paragraphs (b), (c) , (d ) and ( g) of paragraph 2 of Schedule 4 to
this Act they are references to such amount of expenditure as
the Secretary of State deems to be so incurred.
PART I
828 The high cost
subsidy and
associated
rate fund
contribution.
c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART I
1949 с. 61 .
1950 с. 34.
( 9) There shall not be included in the local authority's
expenditure for a year-
(a) (notwithstanding paragraph 2(a )(iv) of Schedule 7 to
the Act of 1968) any expenditure in connection with
houses approved under section 19 of that Act (unfit
houses retained for temporary accommodation) ;
(b) (notwithstanding paragraph 2(a) (iii) and ( v) of
Schedule 4 to this Act) any expenditure relating to the
provision or improvement of dwellings in accordance
with improvement proposals approved by the Secre-
tary of State under section 2 of the Housing (Scotland)
Act 1949 or under section 105 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1950 or under section 13 of the Act of
1968, or expenditure incurred by the local authority
under section 58 of the Act of 1969 (powers of local
authority in respect of improvement of amenities of
residential areas) on land to which the housing revenue
account relates, in so far as such expenditure is met
in that year by a contribution to the local authority
under the said section 2, 105 or 13 or, as the case
may be, under section 59 of the Act of 1969 ;
( c) any amount repaid to the general rate fund under
paragraph 1 (5) of the said Schedule 4 ;
( d ) any amount referred to in paragraph 5 of that Schedule.
( 10) ( Notwithstanding paragraph 2( e ) of Schedule 4 to this
Act ) any payment made by an exporting authority to a
receiving authority in pursuance of an overspill agreement
towards expenditure of the receiving authority which is in-
cluded in the calculation of the receiving authority's entitlement
to any subsidy under Part I of this Act, shall be included in the
exporting authority's expenditure to the extent of 25 per cent.
of that payment only.
(11) Section 14 of this Act shall apply to an order under sub-
section (2) above.
4.- (1) This section has effect as to the circumstances in
which-
( a) high cost subsidy is payable to a local authority, and
(b) a contribution out of the general rate fund associated
with the high cost subsidy is to be made by the local
authority.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local authority
shall be entitled to high cost subsidy for any year if-
( a ) the amount of income per house which would have
been receivable by them for the year from standard
rents if no high cost subsidy or associated contribu-
tion out of the general rate fund had been payable
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 829
for that year or any previous year (in this section
66
referred to as the local authority rent income ")
exceeds the amount of income per house receivable by
all the local authorities in Scotland for that year from
standard rents (in this section referred to as " the
Scottish rent income ") by more than £39 ; and
(b) the amount of expenditure per house falling on the
housing revenue account of the local authority for
that year in so far as approved by the Secretary of
State exceeds the amount of expenditure per house
falling on the housing revenue accounts of all the
local authorities in Scotland for that year (in this
section referred to as " the Scottish average expendi-
ture ") by more than £39.
( 3 ) In this section " the qualifying amount " means the
amount, if any (multiplied by the number of houses to which
the housing revenue account relates for the year in question),
required to be deducted from the local authority rent income
to make that income equal to the Scottish rent income plus
the sum referred to in subsection (2) (a) above or as the case may
be, that sum as varied by an order under subsection (7) below.
( 4) If, under subsection (2) above, a local authority are entitled
to high cost subsidy for any year, then-
( a ) high cost subsidy shall be payable to the local authority
of an amount equal to 75 per cent . of the qualifying
amount, and
( b ) the local authority shall make an associated contribu-
tion out of the general rate fund of an amount equal to
25 per cent. of the qualifying amount together with an
amount equal to the amount which would have been
carried to the credit of the housing revenue account
under paragraph 1( 5) of Schedule 4 to this Act for that
year if no high cost subsidy had been payable to the
authority for that year or any previous year.
( 5) For the purposes of this section, the local authority rent
income shall be determined under section 28 or 29 of this Act as
if the expenditure specified in Schedule 4 to this Act had been
such expenditure in so far as approved by the Secretary of State.
( 6 ) For the purposes of this section, the Secretary of State
may for any year by order determine the Scottish rent income
and the Scottish average expenditure.
An order under this subsection may be varied or revoked by
a subsequent order under this subsection and shall be made by
statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a
resolution of either House of Parliament.
( 7 ) The Secretary of State may from time to time by order
vary the sums referred to in subsection ( 2) above and section 14
of this Act shall apply to any such order.
PART I
830 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART I
The rent
rebate subsidy.
The rent
allowance
subsidy.
5.-( 1 ) This section has effect as to the circumstances in
which rent rebate subsidy is payable to a local authority.
( 2 ) Subject to subsection ( 3) below, the amount of rent rebate
subsidy payable to a local authority for any year shall be the
percentage specified in column 2 of the following Table of
the local authority's standard amount of rent rebates for the
year as defined for the purposes of Part II of this Act.
TABLE
1 2
Year for which subsidy is payable Percentage of standard
amount of rent rebates
for the year to be met by
rent rebate subsidy
1972-73
...
90 per cent.
1973-74
... ... ...
85 per cent.
1974-75... ... ...
80 per cent.
1975-76 and subsequent
years... ... ... 75 per cent.
( 3) For the purposes of this section, a local authority may
add to their standard amount of rent rebates for the year
1972-73 such expenditure as the Secretary of State may approve
as being incurred by the local authority in granting rent rebates
under section 151 ( 4 ) of the Act of 1966 between the beginning
of that year and 30th September 1972.
6.- ( 1) This section has effect as to the circumstances in
which rent allowance subsidy is payable to a local authority.
(2) Subject to subsection (4 ) below, the amount of rent
allowance subsidy payable to a local authority for any year
shall be the percentage specified in column 2 of the following
Table of the following amounts added together-
( a) the local authority's standard amount of rent allowances
for the year as defined for the purposes of Part II
of this Act, and
( b ) the amount of the local authority's costs of administer-
ing the allowance scheme for the year.
TABLE
1
Year for which subsidy is payable
1972-73
...
1973-74
...
...
1974-75 ...
...
1975-76 and subsequent
years... ... ...
2
Percentage of amount in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of
this subsection for the year
to be met by rent allow-
ance subsidy
90 per cent.
85 per cent.
80per cent.
75 per cent.
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c . 46 831
( 3) A local authority's costs of administering the allowance
PART I
scheme for any year shall be arrived at by the local authority in
accordance with such formula as the Secretary of State may
from time to time determine.
Before making any such determination the Secretary of State
shall consult with such associations of local authorities as appear
to him to be concerned, and with any local authority with whom
consultation appears to him to be desirable .
( 4) For the purposes of this section, a local authority may
add to their standard amount of rent allowances for the year
1972-73 such expenditure as the Secretary of State may approve
as being incurred by the local authority in granting rent allow-
ances under Part II of this Act between the date when this
Act comes into force and 31st December 1972.
7.- (1) This section has effect as to the circumstances in which The slum
slum clearance subsidy is payable to a local authority.
clearance
subsidy.( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local authority
shall be entitled to slum clearance subsidy in respect of such
expenditure incurred by them as may be approved by the
Secretary of State which falls within any of the following
categories-
( a) any expenses in demolishing a building in pursuance
of any provision of Part II or Part III of the Act
of 1966 or Part I of the Act of 1969 less any such
expenses which the local authority have recovered
from the owner of the building under any such
provision and any amount realised by the local
authority in the sale of materials of the building ;
( b) any expenses in the clearance of the site of any such
building as is referred to in paragraph (a) above ;
( c) any payment under section 18 of the Act of 1969 (pay-
ments to certain owner-occupiers and others in respect
of houses not meeting tolerable standard which are
purchased or demolished) other than any such payment
in respect of an interest in a house which has been
purchased by the local authority for the purpose of
bringing that house or another house up to the tolerable
standard ;
( d ) any payment under section 25 or 49 of the Act of 1966
or section 11 of the Act of 1969 ( payments in respect
of well-maintained houses) other than any such pay-
ment in respect of an interest in a house which has
been purchased by the local authority for the purpose
of bringing that house or another house up to the
tolerable standard ;
832 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART I ( e) any expenditure incurred under section 52 of the Act
of 1966 or section 15 of the Act of 1969 (provisions
as to apparatus of public undertakers) ;
( f ) such part of the compensation paid to an owner of trade
or business premises purchased by the local authority
under Part III of the Act of 1966 or Part I of the Act
of 1969 as is applicable to disturbance or to such
other matters not directly relating to the value of the
land purchased as may be determined by the Secre-
tary of State ;
( g ) the cost of any works carried out by the local authority
under section 20( 8) of the Act of 1966 (local authority
may acquire and repair a house or building liable to
closing or demolition order) or section 40 of the Act
of 1966 or section 8 of the Act of 1969 (power of
local authority to retain houses subject to demolition
for temporary occupation) ;
( h ) any payment under section 160 of the Act of 1966
( payment of removal and other allowances to persons
displaced) other than a payment under-
( i) subsection ( 1)(a ) ( i) of that section in respect
of any person displaced from a house or building
under Part VII of that Act, or
(ii) subsection ( 1) ( a)(v), or (1 )(b) where the recipient
of the payment is also in receipt of compensation
from the local authority in respect of property which
he owned;
( i ) such other expenditure as the Secretary of State may
direct .
( 3) A local authority shall not be entitled to slum clearance
subsidy in respect of expenditure incurred by them-
( a ) before the beginning of the year 1971-72, or
(b) after the beginning of the year 1971-72 and before the
beginning of the year 1975-76, if it is expenditure in
relation to land, being land expenditure in respect of
which an exchequer contribution has been paid under
Part I of the Act of 1968 or land which would be
included for the purposes of residual entitlement under
section 2(3) (b) of this Act.
( 4 ) If, under the foregoing provisions of this section, a local
authority are entitled to slum clearance subsidy, then slum
clearance subsidy shall be payable to the local authority of an
amount equal to 75 per cent . of the annual loan charges
referable to the amount of expenditure incurred by them in a
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 833
year which falls within any of the categories set out in sub-
PART I
section (2) above, payable annually for the period of twenty
years beginning with the year immediately following the year
in which the expenditure was incurred.
( 5 ) For the purposes of subsection (4 ) above the annual loan
charges referable to the amount of expenditure incurred by the
local authority shall be the annual sum which, in the opinion
of the Secretary of State, would fall to be provided by the local
authority for the payment of interest on, and the repayment of,
a loan of that amount repayable over a period of twenty years .
Housing subsidies payable to development corporations and
the Scottish Special Housing Association
8.- (1) This section has effect as to the circumstances in The residual
which residual subsidy is payable to a development corporation subsidy.
and the Scottish Special Housing Association.
( 2) For the purpose of determining the amount of residual
subsidy payable to a development corporation for the year
1972-73 and subsequent years, a calculation shall be made of
the residual entitlement of the development corporation as
defined in subsection (3) below.
( 3) The residual entitlement of a development corporation
shall consist of-
( a ) the amount of exchequer contributions to which they
are entitled for the year 1971-72 under the enactments
described in Part II of Schedule 1 to this Act, as
finally determined by the Secretary of State under
paragraph 5 of Schedule 8 to this Act, and
( b) the further amount of such exchequer contributions to
which they would be entitled for the year 1971-72 if
houses, in respect of which proposals for their provi-
sion were submitted to the Secretary of State in a form
acceptable to him before 1st December 1971 for his
approval but which were not completed in that year,
had been completed in that year ; and accordingly the
provisions of Part I of the Act of 1968 relating to the
calculation of exchequer contributions payable there-
under shall apply for the purpose of calculating the
amount referred to in this paragraph as if such houses
had been so completed, and
( c ) the amount of any contribution which they are
entitled to receive for the year 1971-72 from a local
authority under section 9( 4)( b) of the Housing and 1957 с. 38
Town Development (Scotland ) Act 1957 in pursuance
of an overspill agreement.
2D
834 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART I
( 4) The residual entitlement shall be expressed as a sum
per house for the year 1971-72.
( 5) Subject to subsection (6) below, the amount of residual
subsidy payable to a development corporation for the year
1972-73 shall be an amount per house which is £18 less than the
residual entitlement as expressed in subsection (4) above ; and
in each subsequent year the amount per house of residual sub-
sidy payable to a development corporation shall be £ 20 less
than the amount per house payable for the immediately preceding
year, and so on until the amount becomes zero.
(6) Where any houses of a development corporation referred
to in subsection (3) (b) above have not been completed by the
end of the year 1974-75, then any residual subsidy which has
been paid to the development corporation on the basis that
those houses had been completed shall, if the Secretary of State
so requires, be repaid to him on such terms as he may determine .
( 7) Any question as to the residual entitlement and as to
the number of development corporation houses shall be deter-
mined by the Secretary of State.
(8) Subsections (2) to (7) of this section shall apply to the
Scottish Special Housing Association as they apply to a develop-
ment corporation, except that-
( a ) in subsection (3)(a) for the reference to Part II of
Schedule 1 to this Act there shall be substituted a
reference to Parts III and IV ofthat Schedule,
(b) subsection (3) (c) shall be omitted,
( c) in subsection ( 7) for the reference to development cor-
poration houses there shall be substituted a reference
to Scottish Special Housing Association houses.
The housing
9.- (1 ) This section has effect as to the circumstances in
expenditure subsidy.
which housing expenditure subsidy is payable to a development
corporation and the Scottish Special Housing Association.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a development
corporation shall be entitled to housing expenditure subsidy if
for the year 1972-73 or any subsequent year there is an increase
in the development corporation's expenditure per house which
exceeds £6 or such other sum as the Secretary of State may by
order from time to time determine.
(3) In this section " the qualifying amount " means, in rela-
tion to the year 1972-73 and subsequent years, the excess
mentioned in subsection (2) above multiplied by the number of
development corporation houses.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 835
( 4) If there is such a qualifying amount for any year (in
this section called, in relation to the qualifying amount, " the
base year " ) then for the base year and for each subsequent
year housing expenditure subsidy shall be payable to the
development corporation of an amount equal to the qualifying
amount ; and accordingly, housing expenditure subsidy for any
year (later than 1972-73) may comprise elements by reference
to qualifying amounts for two or more different base years .
( 5 ) Housing expenditure subsidy for which the base year is
any of the years 1972-73 to 1977-78 shall not be payable for
the year 1982-83 or any subsequent year, and housing expenditure
subsidy for which the base year is 1978-79 or any subsequent
year shall not be payable for more than five years (including the
base year ) .
( 6 ) For the purposes of this section, there is an increase in a
development corporation's expenditure per house if-
( a ) the development corporation's expenditure for the year
as determined by the Secretary of State divided by the
number of development corporation houses for that
year exceeds
( b ) such expenditure for the immediately preceding year
divided by the number of development corporation
houses for that year,
and the excess is the amount of the increase per house.
( 7 ) Section 14 of this Act shall apply to an order under
subsection (2) above.
( 8) Subsections (2) to ( 7) of this section shall apply to the
Scottish Special Housing Association as they apply to a develop-
ment corporation except that in subsection (6) for the reference
to development corporation houses there shall be substituted a
reference to Scottish Special Housing Association houses.
PART I
10.-( 1 ) This section has effect as to the circumstances in The high cost
which high cost subsidy is payable to a development corpora- subsidy.
tion and the Scottish Special Housing Association .
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a development
corporation shall be entitled to high cost subsidy for any year
if-
(a) the amount of income per house which would have been
receivable by them for the year from standard rents
if no high cost subsidy had been payable for that year
or any previous year ( in this section referred to as " the
development corporation rent income " ) exceeds the
Scottish rent income for that year by more than such
amount as the Secretary of State may from time to
time determine ; and
2 D2
836 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART I (b) the amount of expenditure per house of the development
corporation for that year as determined by the Secre-
tary of State exceeds the Scottish average expenditure
for that year by more than such amount as the Sec-
retary of State may from time to time determine.
( 3) In this section " the qualifying amount " means the amount,
if any, ( multiplied by the number of development corporation
houses for the year in question), required to be deducted from
the development corporation rent income to make that income
equal to the Scottish rent income plus the amount determined by
the Secretary of State under subsection (2) (a) above.
( 4) If, under subsection ( 2) above, a development corporation
are entitled to high cost subsidy, then high cost subsidy shall
be payable to the development corporation of an amount equal
to the qualifying amount.
(5) In this section, " the Scottish rent income " and " the Scot-
tish average expenditure " have the same meanings respectively
as they have in subsection (2)(a) and (b) of section 4 of this
Act, and subsection (6 ) of that section shall apply for the
purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of that
section.
( 6) This section shall apply to the Scottish Special Housing
Association as it applies to a development corporation except
that-
( a) for any reference to development corporation houses
and the development corporation rent income there
shall be substituted respectively references to Scottish
Special Housing Association houses and the Scottish
Special Housing Association rent income ;
( b) in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection ( 2) for the words
" such amount as the Secretary of State may from
time to time determine " there shall be substituted the
words more than £39 " ;66
66
( c ) in subsection ( 3) for the words from amount deter-
mined " to the end there shall be substituted the words
66 sum referred to in subsection (2) (a) above or, as the
case may be, that sum as varied by an order under
subsection (5A) below " ;
(d ) after subsection (5 ) there shall be inserted the following
subsection-
66 (5A) The Secretary of State may from time to
time by order vary the sums referred to in subsection
( 2 ) above and section 14 of this Act shall apply to
any such order. "
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 837
11.-( 1) Subject to subsection ( 2) below, rent rebate subsidy PART I
shall be payable to a development corporation for any year of The rent
an amount equal to the standard amount of rent rebates of the rebate
subsidy.
development corporation for the year as defined for the purposes
of Part II of this Act.
( 2) For the purposes of this section, a development corporation
may add to their standard amount of rent rebates for the year
1972-73 such expenditure as the Secretary of State may approve
as being incurred by the development corporation in granting
rent rebates between the beginning of that year and 30th
September 1972.
(3) This section shall apply to the Scottish Special Housing
Association as it applies to a development corporation.
12. Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the total Additional
net annual expenditure ( as calculated in accordance with rules payment
towards
made by the Secretary of State) necessarily incurred in the year certain deficits
1972-73 or in any subsequent year by the Scottish Special Housing of the
Association, acting otherwise than as agents, -
Scottish
Special
( a) in providing new houses ; and
Housing
Association.
( b) in improving housing accommodation, whether by the
provision of dwellings by means of the conversion of
houses or other buildings or by the improvement of
dwellings ; and
( c) in providing housing accommodation, being accommo-
dation acquired by the Association from any such body
as is mentioned in section 25( 1) (e) of the Act of 1968 ;
and
( d ) in improving the amenities of a predominantly residen-
tial area in accordance with arrangements made
between the Association and a local authority ;
is greater than the sum of-
(i ) the subsidies paid to them under this Part of this Act for
the year in question, and
(ii ) any exchequer contributions made to them for the
year in question under section 16 of the Act of 1968 ,
and
(iii) any grant paid to the Association for the year in
question under section 59(7) (b) of the Act of 1969,
the Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Treasury,
make such further payment to the Association in respect of the
excess as he may determine.
2D3
838 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART I
Supplemental
Payment of
13.- (1 ) Any subsidy to be paid by the Secretary of State
subsidies and accounting
under this Part of this Act shall be payable at such times and in
provisions.
such manner as the Treasury may direct and subject to such
conditions as to records, certificates, audit or otherwise, as the
Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Treasury,
impose.
( 2 ) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) above,
the making of any such payment shall be subject to the making
of a claim for the payment in such form, and containing such
particulars, as the Secretary of State may from time to time
determine.
(3) The aggregate amount of any one subsidy payable under
this Part of this Act to a housing authority for any year shall be
calculated to the nearest pound, by disregarding an odd amount
of 50 new pence, or less, and by treating an odd amount exceed-
ing 50 new pence as a whole pound.
Provisions
as to certain
orders.
14.-( 1) This section has effect as respects orders to which this
section is applied by any provision of this Part of this Act.
( 2 ) An order under any such provision may be varied or
revoked by a subsequent order made under that provision.
( 3) An order made under any such provision-
( a) shall be made by the Secretary of State with the con-
currence of the Treasury,
( b ) shall be made by statutory instrument subject to annul-
ment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of
Parliament.
( 4) Any such order may be made to apply to any description
of local authorities or development corporations specified in the
order or to a specified local authority or development corpora-
tion.
( 5) Before making an order under any such provision the
Secretary of State shall consult with such associations of local
authorities as appear to him to be concerned and with any local
authority with whom consultation appears to him to be desirable.
Rent rebates.
PART II
RENT REBATES AND RENT ALLOWANCES
15.-(1 ) It shall be the duty of every local authority to
bring into operation not later than 1st October 1972 a scheme
for granting to persons who occupy as their homes houses
to which the local authority's housing revenue account relates
and which are let to them by the local authority rebates from
rent, calculated in accordance with the provisions of the scheme
by reference to their needs and their resources .
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 839
(2 ) A scheme under this section is referred to in this Act as
PART II
a " rebate scheme " .
( 3) No rebate from the rent of a house shall be granted by
virtue of this section to any person if a substantial proportion
of the charges in respect of the house is attributable to the use
of furniture .
( 4 ) This section shall apply to a development corporation or
the Scottish Special Housing Association as it applies to a local
authority, except that in subsection ( 1) for the reference to houses
to which the local authority's housing revenue account relates
there shall be substituted a reference to development corporation
houses or, as the case may be, Scottish Special Housing
Association houses.
16.-( 1) It shall be the duty of every local authority to bring Rent
into operation not later than 1st January 1973 a scheme for allowances.
granting to private tenants who occupy as their homes houses
in the authority's district allowances, calculated in accordance
with the provisions of the scheme by reference to their needs and
their resources, towards the rent payable under their tenancies .
( 2) A scheme under this section is referred to in this Act
as an " allowance scheme " .
( 3) In this Part of this Act " private tenant " means a person
who is a protected tenant or a statutory tenant for the purposes
of the Act of 1971 (including a person who is a tenant of
accommodation which is deemed to be a dwelling-house let on
a protected tenancy or subject to a statutory tenancy under
section 119 (1) of that Act) .
( 4 ) A person is also a private tenant if he occupies a house
let to him by-
( a) a joint board or joint committee as respectively defined
by the Local Government (Scotland ) Act 1947, or the 1947 с. 43.
common good of a burgh or any trust under the control
of a local authority as defined in that Act,
( b) the Housing Corporation,
(c) a housing association,
( d ) a housing trust within the meaning of section 5 of the
Act of 1971 or any authorised society within the
meaning of the Housing Act 1914,
1914 с. 31 .
under a tenancy which would be a protected tenancy but for
the said section 5.
( 5) A person is also a private tenant if he occupies a house
let to him by the Crown Estate Commissioners and his tenancy
would be a protected tenancy but for section 4 of the Act of
1971.
2 D4
840 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART II
Themodel
schemes.
(6) A local authority shall treat as if he were a private tenant
any person who occupies a house let by them other than a
house to which the housing revenue account relates and who
would be entitled to a rebate if he occupied a house to which
the housing revenue account relates .
17.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every rebate
scheme and every allowance scheme shall conform with the
provisions of Schedule 2 and Schedule 3 to this Act.
( 2 ) Regulations made by the Secretary of State with the con-
sent of the Treasury may from time to time vary the provisions
of Schedule 2 and Schedule 3 to this Act.
(3) Before making regulations under subsection ( 2 ) above the
Secretary of State shall consult with such associations of local
authorities as appear to him to be concerned and with any local
authority with whom consultation appears to him to be
desirable .
( 4 ) Regulations under subsection ( 2 ) above shall be made by
statutory instrument and shall be subject to annulment in
pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.
(5) In this Act, the " model scheme " of an authority
means a rebate scheme, or, as the case may be, an allowance
scheme containing such provisions, and only such provisions, as
the authority are for the time being required by this section
to include in their scheme :
Provided that if and so long as the authority's scheme con-
tains any provision included in pursuance of paragraph 16 of
Schedule 2 to this Act, the model scheme shall be assumed to
include that provision .
( 6 ) In this Act an authority's " standard amount of rent
rebates " for any period beginning on or after 1 October 1972,
66
or standard amount of rent allowances " for any period
beginning on or after 1 January 1973, means-
( a) if the authority have been operating the model scheme
for that period, the amount of rebates or, as the case
may be, allowances which they have granted for that
period otherwise than under subsection ( 1) or (2)
of section 18 of this Act ;
( b) if the authority have not been operating the model
scheme for that period, the amount of rebates or, as
the case may be, allowances, which they would have
granted for that period otherwise than under subsection
( 1) or (2) of section 18 of this Act if they had been
operating it.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972 c .46 841
( 7) The said standard amount shall be calculated or estimated
PART 11
by reference to the rebates or allowances actually granted by
following such methods and principles as the Secretary of State
may direct, either generally or in any particular case .
18.-( 1) A housing authority may grant to a person to whom Extent
their rebate scheme applies a rebate of a greater amount than to which
they would otherwise grant if they consider that his personal or
authorities
may depart
domestic circumstances are exceptional.
from model
( 2) A local authority may grant to a person to whom their schemes.
allowance scheme applies an allowance of a greater amount
than they would otherwise grant if they consider that his personal
or domestic circumstances are exceptional.
( 3) A housing authority may, subject to the consent of the
Secretary of State, vary the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Act as they apply in relation to their rebate scheme, but no
variation under this subsection shall be such that a person to
whom the scheme applies receives less rebate than he would have
received under the model scheme, and if a variation is made
in a rebate scheme by a local authority, they shall make a
variation in their allowance scheme which appears to them to
correspond to it.
( 4 ) A local authority may, subject to the consent of the
Secretary of State, vary the provisions of Schedule 2 to this
Act as they apply in relation to their allowance scheme, but
no variation under this subsection shall be such that a person
to whom the scheme applies receives a smaller allowance than
he would have received under the model scheme, and if a
variation is made in an allowance scheme the authority making
it shall make a variation in their rebate scheme which appears
to them to correspond to it.
( 5) Without prejudice to the generality of subsections (3) and
( 4 ) above, an authority may, subject to the consent of the
Secretary of State, vary the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act
so that in ascertaining the weekly income of the tenant and his
spouse there is a total disregard of war disablement pension and
special widow's pension.
( 6) The powers conferred by this section shall not be exercised
by any authority in such a way that, on the best estimate which
they can make, they are likely as a result to grant a greater
amount of rebates or allowances than 110 per cent. of the
authority's standard amount of rent rebates or, as the case may
be, their standard amount of rent allowances for any year or
part of a year.
( 7) The Secretary of State may give his consent under sub-
section (3) or ( 4) above either generally or in any particular
case subject to such conditions as he may require.
842 PART II
Duty of housing
authorities
topublicise
schemes.
Duty of landlord
to inform
tenant of
particulars
of allowance
scheme.
Certain items
included in
rent to be
excluded in
calculating
allowance.
c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972
19.- ( 1 ) It shall be the duty of every housing authority to give
such publicity to their rebate scheme as the Secretary of State
may direct, either generally or in any particular case.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of every local authority to give such
publicity to their allowance scheme as the Secretary of State may
direct, either generally or in any particular case, and to furnish
to a private tenant of a house in their district or to a landlord
of such a tenant, free of charge, on an application made by the
tenant or landlord, such information about their allowance
scheme and in such form as the Secretary of State may direct.
20.- ( 1 ) It shall be the duty of a landlord of a house let to
a private tenant-
( a ) to apply to the local authority in whose district the
house is situated for information about the allowance
scheme made by them, and
( b) on receipt of that information, to furnish it to the tenant.
( 2 ) The duty imposed on a landlord by subsection ( 1) above
shall be performed in accordance with regulations made by
statutory instrument by the Secretary of State, which shall be
subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House
of Parliament.
( 3) Any landlord who refuses or wilfully neglects to perform
a duty imposed on him by subsection ( 1) above shall be guilty
of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not
exceeding £50.
( 4) Where an offence under subsection (3) above which has
been committed by a body corporate is proved to have been
committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable
to any negligence on the part of, any director, manager, secretary
or other officer of the body corporate, he as well as the body
corporate shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence and shall
be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its
members this subsection shall apply in relation to the acts or
defaults of a member in connection with his functions of manage-
ment as if he were a director of the body corporate.
(5) Subsections (3) and ( 4 ) above do not apply to the Housing
Corporation.
21 .-( 1 ) Where a private tenant's rent includes amounts
payable-
( a) in respect of rates, or
( b) for the use of furniture or for services ( not being such a
service as would fall within a direction made by the
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 843
Secretary of State under section 32(1 )( b) of this Act
PART II
applying to the local authority's district in which the
private tenant resides, if the service were provided under
the terms of the tenancy of a house to which a local
authority's housing revenue account relates) , or
(c ) for the use of part of the premises comprised in a
dwelling- house as a shop or office or for business, trade
or professional purposes,
then none of those amounts shall be treated for the purposes of
this Part of this Act as rent.
( 2 ) Any question whether a private tenant's rent includes any
sum payable in respect of or for any of the items referred to
in paragraphs (a) , (b) and (c) of subsection ( 1) above, or as to
the amount so payable, shall, subject to paragraph 14 of
Schedule 3 to this Act , be determined for the purposes of an
allowance scheme by the authority who made the scheme .
( 3) In this section " rates " means any charge payable in
respect of a rate as defined in the Local Government (Scotland ) 1947 с. 43.
Act 1947.
22.-( 1 ) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpretation
requires-
ofPart II .
"
" allowance means an allowance under an allowance
scheme ;
" allowance period " means a period for which an allow-
ance is or may be granted ;
" allowance scheme " has the meaning assigned to it by
section 16 of this Act ;
"
authority " means, in relation to a rebate scheme, a
housing authority, and in relation to an allowance
scheme, a local authority ;
" landlord " includes any person from time to time deriving
title under the original landlord and also includes, in
relation to any house, any person other than the
tenant who is, or but for Part II of the Act of 1971
would be, entitled to possession of the house ;
" pensionable age has the meaning assigned to it by
section 114( 1) of the National Insurance Act 1965 ; 1965 с. 51 .
"
private tenant " has the meaning assigned to it by section
16 of this Act ;
" rebate " means a rebate under a rebate scheme ;
" rebate period " means a period for which a rebate is or
may be granted ;
" rebate scheme " has the meaning assigned to it by section
15 of this Act;
844 PART II
1966 с. 20.
The housing
revenue
account.
1925 с. 15.
1950 с. 34.
c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
66 rent" means, in relation to a private tenant, the rent
payable under his tenancy less any rent receivable from
sub-letting any part of the house and, in relation to
a tenant of a housing authority, means standard rent
less any rent receivable from sub-letting any part of
the house ;
" supplementary benefit " means benefit under Part II of
the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 except that
it does not include benefit under section 6 ( benefit to
meet medical and similar requirements) or section 7
( benefit to meet exceptional requirements) of that Act ;
tenant " means, in relation to a rebate scheme, a person
who occupies a house as mentioned in section 15 of
this Act and, in relation to an allowance scheme, a
person who is a private tenant, or who is treated as
a private tenant under section 16 of this Act, and
includes a joint -tenant and a sub- tenant,
and
66 tenancy " shall be construed accordingly.
( 2) In construing any reference in this Part of this Act to
the amount of rebates or allowances granted by an authority
account shall be taken of sub-paragraphs (5) and (6) of paragraph
18 of Schedule 3 to this Act.
PART III
HOUSING ACCOUNTS OF LOCAL AUTHORITIES
23.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section and of
Schedule 4 to this Act, every local authority shall for the year
1972-73 and subsequent years keep an account (to be called " the
housing revenue account ") of the income and expenditure of
the authority in respect of-
( a) all houses and other buildings which have been provided
after 12th February 1919 for the purpose of-
(i) Part III of the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1925, or
(ii) any enactment relating to the provision of
housing accommodation for the working classes
repealed by that Act, or
(iii) Part V of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1950, or
(iv ) Part VII of the Act of 1966 ;
( b) all land which after the said date has been acquired or
appropriated for the purposes of any of the enactments
mentioned or referred to in paragraph (a) above
including-
(i) all land which is deemed to have been acquired
under Part III of the said Act of 1925 by virtue of
Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 845
section 15(4) of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1935,
PART III
and
1935 с. 41 .
(ii) any structures on such land which were made
available to a local authority under section 1 of the
Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act 1944 ; 1944 с. 36.
(c) all dwellings in respect of which the Secretary of State
has undertaken to make an exchequer contribution to
the local authority under section 35 of the said Act of
1935 ;
(d ) all dwellings provided or improved by the local authority
in accordance with improvement proposals approved
by the Secretary of State under-
(i) section 2 of the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1949, or 1949 c. 61 .
(ii ) section 105 of the said Act of 1950, or
(iii) section 13 of the Act of 1968,
and all land acquired or appropriated by the authority
for the purpose of carrying out such proposals ;
(e) all houses in a housing treatment area which have been
purchased by the local authority under section 5 of the
Act of 1969 for the purpose of bringing them or another
house up to the tolerable standard.
( 2) Where a house is for the time being vested in a local
authority by reason of the default of any person in carrying out
the terms of any arrangements under which assistance in respect
of the provision, reconstruction or improvement of the house has
been given under any enactment relating to housing, the house
shall be deemed for the purposes of subsection ( 1) above to be
a house which has been provided by the authority under Part
VII of the Act of 1966 .
(3) There shall not be included among the houses, buildings
or land in respect of which the local authority are required by
subsection ( 1 ) above to keep a housing revenue account-
(a ) a building provided or converted for use as a hostel or
as part of a hostel and approved by the Secretary of
State for the purposes of section 27(1) of the Housing 1949 c. 61.
( Scotland ) Act 1949 or section 89( 1) of the Housing 1950 c. 34.
(Scotland) Act 1950 or section 21 ( 1) of the Act of 1968
except in the case of a building which the Secretary of
State is satisfied has ceased to be used as a hostel or
part of a hostel ;
( b) any house or land which the local authority have pro-
vided expressly for sale.
( 4 ) A local authority may, with the consent of the Secretary
of State, include in or exclude from the housing revenue
846 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART III
account any individual house or other property or categories
of houses or other properties.
(5) The Secretary of State may make a direction either
generally or in relation to specified properties that any category
of house or other property shall be included in or excluded from
the housing revenue account of a local authority.
( 6) The houses and other property to which a local authority's
housing revenue account relates shall include any property
brought within the account before the commencement of this
Act-
( a ) with the consent of the Secretary of State given under
section 60( 1 ) ( f ) of the Act of 1968, or
( b) by virtue of subsection ( 2 ) of the said section 60
( houses vesting in local authority on default of another
person ).
(7) The provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect
as respects the keeping of the housing revenue account.
The rent
24.-( 1 ) Every local authority shall for the year 1972-73 and
rebate account. subsequent years keep an account (to be called " the rent rebate
account ") and shall in each year-
( a) carry to the credit of that account the amount of rent
rebate subsidy payable to them under section 5 of
this Act;
( b) debit to that account-
(i) the local authority's amount of rent rebates
for the year, and
(ii ) the local authority's costs of administering
their rent rebates for the year.
(2) Where for any year a deficit is shown in the account, the
local authority shall carry to the credit of the account in respect
of that year an amount equal to the amount of the deficit.
The rent
allowance
account.
25.-( 1 ) Every local authority shall for the year 1972-73 and
subsequent years keep an account (to be called " the rent
allowance account ") and shall in each year-
( a) carry to the credit of that account the amount of rent
allowance subsidy payable to them under section 6 of
this Act ;
( b) debit to that account-
(i) the local authority's amount of rent allowances
for the year, and
( ii ) the local authority's costs of administering
their rent allowances for the year.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 847
(2) Where for any year a deficit is shown in the account, the local authority shall carry to the credit of the account in respect
of that year an amount equal to the amount of the deficit.
PART III
26.-( 1 ) Every local authority shall for the year 1972-73 The slum
and subsequent years keep an account (to be called " the slum clearance
clearance revenue account ") -
revenue
account.
( a ) of the income and expenditure of the authority in respect
of houses and other property acquired by them under,
or appropriated, whether before or after this Act comes
into force, for the purposes of Part II or Part III of
the Act of 1966 or Part I of the Act of 1969, other
than a house acquired under the said Part I for the
purpose of bringing it or another house up to the
tolerable standard ; and
(b) of any expenditure of the authority referred to in section
7( 2) of this Act in respect of houses and other property
which is not included in paragraph (a) above together
with any income related to that expenditure.
(2 ) The provisions of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect
as respects the keeping of the slum clearance revenue account.
PART IV
DETERMINATION OF RENTS AND OTHER CHARGES General
27.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act provisions as
to charges
a local authority, in respect of the tenancy or occupation of - in respect
( a ) houses to which the housing revenue account relates, of local
and
authority
houses.
( b) houses provided by them but to which the housing
revenue account does not relate,
may make such reasonable charges as they may determine and
shall from time to time review such charges and make such
changes either of the charges generally or of particular charges
as circumstances may require.
( 2) In determining the standard rent of any house referred to
in subsection ( 1) ( a) above, a local authority shall, subject to
section 33 of this Act, take no account of the personal circum-
stances of the tenant of the house.
28.-( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of this section and the next Rents tobe
following section, a local authority shall for any year charge charged so as
to balance
standard rents in such a way that the income receivable from housing
standard rents together with all the other income specified as to revenue
be credited to the housing revenue account under Schedule 4account .
848 Provisions
as to rents
in 1972-73
and 1973-74.
c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART IV to this Act, except any amount carried to the credit of the
housing revenue account under paragraph 1( 5) of that Schedule
and which is receivable by the local authority equals the amount
of expenditure specified as to be debited to that account under
that Schedule and which is payable by them.
(2) A local authority shall increase or reduce standard rents
in such a way that the provisions of subsection ( 1) above are
complied with or, if they will so comply without making any
alteration in standard rents, they shall make no such alteration :
Provided that, where, in order to comply with those provisions,
the local authority would need to make an increase in standard
rents by more than the maximum average rent increase they
shall make only the maximum average rent increase.
( 3) Any increase in standard rents after 1st October 1972
shall be made on the date occurring 12 months after the previous
increase except-
(a) where, for the year immediately preceding the year in
which the increase is made, the authority have com-
plied with the provisions of section 28 ( 1) , or have acted
in accordance with section 29(2) , of this Act, and
( b) where no residual subsidy has been payable to the
authority for the year in which the increase is made.
( 4 ) In this section and in sections 29 and 31 of this Act,
" maximum average rent increase " means an increase in stan-
dard rents sufficient to produce income receivable for the period
of 12 months following the date of the increase which, divided
by the number of houses for that period, is £26 greater than the
income which would have been so receivable for the period
where so divided if no alteration in standard rents had been made.
29.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, a local authority
shall charge standard rents in the year 1972-73 and 1973-74
in accordance with the following provisions of this subsection-
(a) they shall make such increase or increases in
standard rents on or before 1st October 1972 that the
amount of income per house ( for the year 1972-73)
receivable by them from standard rents for the period
from 1st October 1971 to the end of the year 1972-73
exceeds by not less than £24 the amount of income
per house (for the year 1972-73) which would have been
so receivable if no alteration in standard rents had been
made on or after 1st October 1971 ;
( b) the amount of income per house ( for the year 1973-74)
receivable by them from standard rents for the year
1973-74 shall exceed by not less than £50 the amount
Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 849
of income per house which would be so receivable for
that year if no alteration in standard rents had been
made on or after 1st October 1971 ;
(c) in 1973-74 they shall increase standard rents by the
maximum average rent increase.
(2) Where a local authority would comply with the provisions
of section 28( 1 ) of this Act in the year 1972-73 or 1973-74-
(a) by increasing standard rents in that year by a lesser
amount than the amount by which they are needed
to increase standard rents in that year under subsection
(1) above, or
( b ) by reducing standard rents in that year,
they shall make such alteration in standard rents in that year
as is necessary in order to comply with those provisions, and
where they would so comply without making any alteration
in standard rents in that year, they shall make no such
alteration.
PART IV
30.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection (2) below, a local authority Increases
shall not increase the income receivable from the standard rent of in rent of individual
any house by more than £39 in any period of 12 months, except houses of
that any such increase made on or before 1st October 1972 housing
shall not exceed, for the year 1972-73 , £32 plus, where the authorities.
amount of income for the year 1972-73 per house produced by
the increase or increases in standard rents which the authority
are required to make under section 29( 1) of this Act exceeds £24,
an amount equal to that excess .
(2) The restrictions on any increase imposed by subsection ( 1 )
above shall not apply where a lease is granted to a new tenant
of the house or where an improvement has been made in the
house.
( 3) In subsection (2) above " improvement " includes struc-
tural alteration, extension or addition and the provision of
additional fixtures or fittings, but does not include anything done
by way of decoration or repair .
( 4) This section shall apply to a development corporation or
the Scottish Special Housing Association as it applies to a local
authority except that in subsection (1) the words from " plus "
to the end shall be omitted.
31.-( 1) A development corporation or the Scottish Special Average
Housing Association shall not increase standard rents by more standard rents
than the maximum average rent increase, and shall not make
ofdevelopment
that increase or any other increase in standard rents at less than corporation
12 monthly intervals, except where in the year immediately Special
preceding the year in which any such increase is made they did Housing
not make the maximum average rent increase.
Association
houses.
850 Phasing out
of supple-
mentary
charges .
c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART IV
Service
charges.
( 2) If high cost subsidy is payable to a development corpora-
tion or the Scottish Special Housing Association for any year,
then the standard rents which they charge for that year shall not
exceed an amount which, together with the high cost subsidy
payable to them for that year, produces income which is equal
to the development corporation rent income or, as the case may
be, the Scottish Special Housing Association rent income as
respectively defined in section 10 of this Act.
32.-( 1 ) A local authority shall be required to make a charge
for the year 1972-73 and subsequent years in respect of the
following items to which the housing revenue account relates-
( a ) any garage, car-port or other car parking facilities
provided by them, whether before the year 1972-73 or
not, in so far as not included within the terms of the
tenancy of a house ;
( b) any service provided by them under the terms of the
tenancy of a house, except any such service as the
Secretary of State may, after consultation with such
associations of local authorities as appear to him to be
concerned and with any local authority with whom
consultation appears to him to be desirable, otherwise
direct either generally or in a particular case.
( 2 ) Where a local authority made a charge for the year
1971-72 in respect of anything to which the housing revenue
account relates-
( a) provided by them under section 139 or 141 of the
Act of 1966 ( other than anything referred to in sub-
section ( 1) (a) or (b) above) , or
( b) supplied by them under section 140 of the Act of
1966,
and such a thing continues to be made available or supplied
by them after that year, they shall continue to impose such a
charge.
( 3) Any charge referred to in this section (in this Act called
" a service charge " ) shall be of such amount as the local
authority consider reasonable in all the circumstances .
33.-(1 ) No local authority shall make a supplementary
charge on the tenant of a house to which the housing revenue
account relates for the year 1976-77 and subsequent years.
(2) A local authority shall reduce and terminate any supple-
mentary charge imposed by them before the year 1976-77, subject
to the approval of the Secretary of State, in whatever manner
they think fit.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 851
( 3) In this Act, " supplementary charge " means, in relation
to the tenant of a house, a charge payable under his tenancy
supplementary to standard rent which is related to the financial
circumstances of the tenant or his household.
PART IV
PART V
CONTROLLED AND REGULATED TENANCIES
34.-( 1) Subject to section 35 of this Act, where, on the date Conversion of
applicable to the dwelling-house under the following provisions controlled
tenancies:
of this section, a dwelling- house is let on a protected tenancy general
or subject to a statutory tenancy which, in either case, is a decontrol.
controlled tenancy, the protected or statutory tenancy shall on
that date cease to be a controlled tenancy and shall become a
regulated tenancy.
( 2) Subject to the provisions of this section-
( a ) 1st January 1973 is the date applicable to a dwelling-
house of a value of £50 or more,
( b) 1st January 1974 is the date applicable to a dwelling-
house of a value of less than £50 but not less than
£ 25, and
( c ) 1st January 1975 is the date applicable to a dwelling-
house of a value of less than £25.
( 3) The Secretary of State may by order substitute as the date
applicable to a dwelling- house of such value as may be specified
in the order a date earlier or later than that which would be
applicable to it under subsection ( 2) above.
( 4 ) An order under this section-
( a) may make different provision with respect to different
registration areas,
( b) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under
this this section, and
( c ) shall be made by statutory instrument.
( 5 ) In subsection (2) above " value " means the rateable value
on the date on which this Act comes into force and subsections
(1 ) and (2) of section 6 of the Act of 1971 shall apply for the
purpose of ascertaining the rateable value on that date as they
apply for the purpose of ascertaining the rateable value of a
dwelling -house for the purposes of that Act :
Provided that any question arising under the said section 6
as applied by this subsection as to the proper apportionment
of any value may be determined by the landlord and the tenant
by agreement in writing.
( 6 ) If part of the premises comprised in a dwelling-house is
used as a shop or office or for business, trade or professional
852 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART V
Houses
excluded
from general
decontrol.
1963 с. 51 .
Conversion
of controlled
tenancies:
general
Provisions .
purposes and is let on or subject to a controlled tenancy, then
nothing in section 9 of the Act of 1971 shall prevent that tenancy
becoming a regulated tenancy on the date applicable to the
dwelling -house nor prevent any new tenancy granted to the tenant
under that regulated tenancy or to any person who might succeed
him as a statutory tenant from being a regulated tenancy.
35.-( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2 ) below, section 34 of this
Act shall not apply to a dwelling-house let on or subject to a
controlled tenancy if, on the date applicable to the dwelling-
house under that section-
( a) a closing order under section 15 or 18 of the Act of
1966, or a demolition order under the said section 15,
has been made and served in accordance with that
section (and not determined ) with respect to the
dwelling-house, or
( b) an order under paragraph 1( 2) of Schedule 2 to the Land
Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963 declaring that the
dwelling-house does not meet the tolerable standard
has been made and a notice stating the effect of the
order has been served in accordance with paragraph
1( 3) of that Schedule.
( 2) The said section 34 shall apply to a dwelling- house
excluded by subsection ( 1) above if-
( a) in the case of a dwelling- house excluded by virtue of
paragraph (a) of that subsection, the closing order or the
demolition order is quashed by the sheriff on appeal
or determined by the local authority, or
( b) in the case of a dwelling- house excluded by virtue of
paragraph (b) of that subsection, the order in question
is not confirmed or is reduced by a court,
and the date applicable to the dwelling-house for the purposes
of the said section 34 shall be the date of occurrence of the
event upon which that section applied to the dwelling-house by
virtue of this subsection .
36.- ( 1) In this Part of this Act " converted tenancy " means
a tenancy which is or becomes a regulated tenancy by virtue
of-
(a) section 34 of this Act,
(b) Part VI of the Act of 1971 , or
( c) paragraph 5 of Schedule 2 to the Act of 1971 (conver-
sion on death of first successor) ,
and " the conversion " means the time when the tenancy
became a regulated tenancy.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972 c.46 853
(2) Section 24( 1) of the Act of 1971 (increase of rent for
improvements) shall not apply to any improvement completed
before the conversion, but if the rent recoverable for the last
rental period beginning before the conversion was less than
it would have been if the landlord had served a notice of increase
under section 58 of that Act in respect of an increase of rent by
virtue of paragraph 1(3)(a) or that paragraph as applied by para-
graph 2(3) of Schedule 8 to that Act, the rent recoverable under
section 21 ( 1 ) of that Act, as modified by subsection (3) below,
shall be increased by the amount of that difference :
Provided that that increase shall not take effect except in
pursuance of a notice of increase served by the landlord on the
tenant specifying the increase and the date, which may be any
date after the service of the notice, from which it is to take effect.
Section 25 of the Act of 1971 shall apply to a notice of
increase under this proviso as it applies to a notice of increase
described in that section.
( 3) In relation to any rental period beginning after the con-
version, sections 21 to 23 of the Act of 1971 (rent limit and
adjustments) shall have effect as if references therein to the last
contractual period were references to the last rental period
beginning before the conversion .
( 4 ) Section 2( 1)(a) of the Act of 1971 (exclusion of tenancies
where rent is less than two thirds of the rateable value) shall not
apply to a converted tenancy after the conversion.
(5) Section 42 of the Act of 1971 (determination of fair rent)
shall apply in relation to the converted tenancy as if the refer-
ences in subsection (3) of the said section 42 to the tenant under
the regulated tenancy included references to the tenant under the
tenancy before the conversion.
( 6) The enactments mentioned in subsection (1) above shall
not be taken as affecting any court proceedings which are pending
under the Act of 1971 at the time of the conversion, and a
decision on which may affect the recoverable rent for any period
before that time, or the rent under the regulated tenancy after
the conversion so far as that depends on the recoverable rent
before conversion .
( 7) Any right conferred on a tenant by section 63 of the Act
of 1971 to recover any amount by deducting it from rent shall
be exercisable by deducting it from rent for any rental period
beginning after the conversion to the same extent as the right
would have been exercisable if the conversion had not taken
place.
PARTV
854 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART V
Phasing of
rent increases.
37. Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect for securing that,
on first registration of a rent after the conversion of a controlled
tenancy into a regulated tenancy by virtue of section 34 of this
Act, an increase in rent may, in certain circumstances, be
recovered only in stages .
Registration of rent for regulated tenancies
Early 38.-( 1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any appli-
application for cation for the registration of a rent under section 40 of the
registration
ofrent.
Act of 1971 may be made at a time when the dwelling-house
is let on or subject to a controlled tenancy, if the application is
made not earlier than six months before the date applicable to
the dwelling -house under section 34 of this Act.
( 2) Where an application is made by virtue of this section
the regulated tenancy for which the rent is registered shall be
assumed to be a tenancy on the same terms ( other than terms
relating to rent) as the terms applicable to the controlled tenancy.
(3) Where a rent is registered on an application made by virtue
of this section-
(a ) the date from which the registration takes effect under
section 44(1) of the Act of 1971 shall not be earlier
than the date applicable to the dwelling- house under
section 34 of this Act, and
( b) in a case where the rent is registered before the said
applicable date, any reference in this Act, or in the Act
of 1971 or in any other enactment to the date of
registration shall be deemed to be a reference to the
date from which the registration takes effect.
Cancellation
39. In the Act of 1971 after section 44 there shall be inserted
of registration the following section-
ofrent. 66 44A-( 1 ) Where a rent agreement is made in writing as
respects a dwelling-house for which a rent is registered,
an application may be made in accordance with this section
for the cancellation of the registration .
( 2) The application shall be made jointly by the land-
lord and the tenant under the agreement to the rent officer,
and the application shall not be entertained before the
expiry of three years from the relevant date as defined in
section 40(4) of this Act.
( 3) An application under this section must be in the
prescribed form and contain the prescribed particulars, and
must be accompanied by a copy of the rent agreement.
( 4) The Secretary of State may make regulations under
section 46 of this Act prescribing the procedure on an
application under this section.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 855
( 5 ) If the rent officer is satisfied that the rent payable
under the rent agreement does not exceed a fair rent for
the dwelling-house, he shall, subject to subsection (6)
below, cancel the registration, and he shall make an entry in
the register of that fact and of the date from which the
cancellation takes effect.
( 6) Where under the terms of the rent agreement the
sums payable by the tenant to the landlord include any
sums varying according to the cost from time to time of
any services provided by the landlord, the rent officer shall
not cancel the registration unless he is satisfied that those
terms are reasonable .
( 7) The cancellation of the registration shall be without
prejudice to a further registration of a rent at any time after
cancellation.
( 8) The rent officer shall notify the applicants of his
decision to grant, or to refuse, any application under this
section and, where he grants the application, of the date from
which the cancellation takes effect.
(9) In this section " rent agreement " means-
( a) an agreement increasing the rent payable under a
protected tenancy which is a regulated tenancy, or
( b) where a regulated tenancy is terminated, and a new
regulated tenancy is granted at a rent exceeding
the rent under the previous tenancy, the grant of
the new tenancy. "
PARTV
40. Section 43 of the Act of 1971 (amount to be registered Certain
as rent) shall have effect as if after subsection (1) there were amounts to be
separately
inserted the following subsections-
noted on the
66
(1A ) Subject to subsection ( 1B) below, there shall be register.
noted on the register the amount, if any, of the registered
rent which, in the opinion of the rent officer or rent assess-
ment committee, is fairly attributable to the use of furniture
or the provision of services or to the use of part of the
premises comprised in a dwelling-house as a shop or office
or for business, trade or professional purposes .
(1B) It shall not be necessary to note on the register
under subsection ( 1A) above any amount which in the
opinion of the rent officer or, as the case may be, the rent
assessment committee is negligible. "
Regulated tenancies where no rent is registered
41.-( 1) Section 19(3) and section 20 of the Act of 1971 Repeal of rent
( which fix a rent limit for contractual periods of a regulated limit for contractual
tenancy where no rent is registered ) shall, subject to subsection periods.
(2 ) below, cease to have effect .
856 PART V
1971 с. 40.
Rent
agreements.
c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
(2) The repeal by this Act of the said sections 19( 3) and 20
shall not apply to-
( a) rent for a rental period beginning before 1st January
1973, or
(b) rent under a regulated tenancy granted before 1st Jan-
uary 1973 if the rent under the tenancy, as varied by
any agreement made before that date, exceeded the
rent limit under the said section 19( 3) (with any adjust-
ment under the said section 20 or paragraph 3 of Part
III of the Schedule to the Fire Precautions Act 1971) .
(3) Paragraph (b) of subsection ( 2) above shall cease to apply
if the landlord and the tenant enter into an agreement complying
with the requirements of section 42( 3) of this Act which is a rent
agreement with a tenant having security of tenure or which
provides that the said paragraph is not to apply.
42.-( 1) In this Part of this Act " a rent agreement with a
tenant having security of tenure " means-
( a) an agreement increasing the rent payable under a
protected tenancy which is a regulated tenancy, or
( b ) the grant to the tenant under a regulated tenancy, or to
any person who might succeed him as a statutory
tenant, of another regulated tenancy of the dwelling-
house at a rent exceeding the rent under the previous
tenancy:
Provided that there shall be disregarded for the purposes
of this definition any increase of rent if ( where any rates in
respect of the dwelling-house are borne by the landlord ) the
increase is no more than one corresponding to an increase in
the rates borne by the landlord in respect of the dwelling- house.
( 2) If a rent agreement with a tenant having security of tenure
takes effect on or after 1st January 1973, and at a time when no
rent is registered for the dwelling- house under Part IV of the
Act of 1971 , the requirements of subsection (3) below shall
be observed as respects the agreement.
( 3) The said requirements are that-
(a) the agreement is in writing signed by the landlord and
the tenant,
( b) the agreement contains a statement, in characters not
less conspicuous than those used in any other part of
the agreement, that the tenant's security of tenure under
the Act of 1971 will not be affected if he refuses to
enter into the agreement, and that entry into the agree-
ment will not deprive the tenant or the landlord of
the right to apply at any time to the rent officer for
the registration of a fair rent under Part IV of the
Act of 1971 , or words to that effect, and
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 857
(c) the statement mentioned in paragraph (b) above is set PART V
out at the head of the agreement .
43.-(1) Subject to subsections (2) and ( 3) below, this section Rent
applies where a rent agreement with a tenant having security of agreements :
tenure of a dwelling- house is entered into, whether before or special provisions
after a tenancy becomes a converted tenancy, which is expressed following
to take effect-
conversion.( a ) on or after 1st January 1973 and after the conversion.
and
(b) at a time when no rent is registered for the dwelling-
house under Part IV of the Act of 1971.
( 2) This section shall not apply to any agreement where the
tenant is neither the person who, at the time of the conversion,
was the tenant, nor a person who might succeed the tenant at
that time as a statutory tenant, and where this section has applied
to any agreement, it shall not apply to any subsequent agreement
relating to the dwelling-house which takes effect more than three
years after the first such agreement took effect.
(3) Where a rent is registered for the dwelling- house and the
registration is subsequently cancelled, this section shall not apply
to the agreement submitted to the rent officer in connection with
the cancellation nor to any agreement which takes effect after
the cancellation.
( 4) The provisions of this section are without prejudice to
the requirements imposed by section 42 of this Act.
(5) The following requirements shall be observed with respect
to any such agreement as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) above-
(a) the agreement shall contain the prescribed particulars,
(b) the agreement, when duly completed, shall be lodged
by the landlord with the rent officer, and
(c ) the landlord shall, not later than the date when the
agreement is lodged with the rent officer, serve a copy
of the agreement on the tenant.
( 6) No such agreement shall take effect earlier than 28 days
after it is lodged with the rent officer under subsection ( 5) (b)
above, and it may only take effect on or after that date if the rent
officer has not before that date notified both the landlord and
the tenant in writing that he proposes to treat the agreement
as an application for the registration of a rent for the dwelling-
house under Part IV of the Act of 1971 made jointly by the
landlord and the tenant.
( 7) The rent officer may treat an agreement as such a joint
application as is referred to in subsection (6) above before the
conversion if an application for the registration of a rent could
have been made by virtue of section 38 of this Act.
858 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PARTV
Rent
agreements:
special
provisions
where
grant-aided
improvements
are carried
out.
( 8) A rent officer may treat an agreement as such a joint
application only if he is satisfied that the rent payable under the
agreement exceeds a fair rent for the dwelling-house.
( 9) Where an agreement is treated by the rent officer as such
a joint application then, subject to subsection (10) below,
Schedule 6 to the Act of 1971 (applications for registration of
rents) shall apply as if the application had been made to him and
as if any reference in that Schedule to the rent specified in the
application included a reference to the rent expressed to be
payable under the agreement.
(10 ) For the purposes of subsection (9) above, paragraph 3 ( 1 )
of the said Schedule 6 shall have effect as if for the words " he
may register that rent without further proceedings " there were
substituted the words " he shall notify both the landlord and
the tenant in writing that he is no longer treating the agreement
as a joint application for the registration of a rent and that the
agreement may take effect on or after the date of such notifica-
tion if that date is later than 28 days after the agreement was
lodged with him. "
(11) The rent officer shall make available for public inspection,
without charge, any agreement which has been lodged with him
under this section unless the agreement is treated by him as a
joint application for the registration of a rent and a rent
is subsequently registered in pursuance of such application ;
and any agreement which is made available for public inspection
under this subsection shall be so available for a period of three
years from the date which is 28 days after it has been lodged with
the rent officer.
(12) A copy of such an agreement certified by the rent officer
or any person duly authorised by him shall be receivable in
evidence, and shall be sufficient evidence of the agreement in
any court and in any proceedings .
(13) A person requiring such a certified copy shall be entitled
to obtain it on payment of the prescribed fee.
(14 ) No stamp duty shall be chargeable on any agreement
to which this section applies which contains-
( a) the statement required by section 42(3) ( b) of this Act
as read with subsection ( 4) above, and
( b) the particulars prescribed pursuant to this section.
44.-( 1) This section applies where a grant under Part II of
the Act of 1968 has been approved in respect of works to be
carried out in a dwelling-house let on or subject to a regulated
tenancy.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 859
( 2) If a rent agreement with a tenant having security of tenure
of the dwelling-house takes effect-
(a ) on or after 1st January 1973, and in the period beginning
with the time when the tenant's consent to the works
was sought by the landlord and ending one year after
the completion of the works, and
( b) at a time when no rent is registered for the dwelling-
house under Part IV of the Act of 1971 and the increase
of rent effected by the agreement is wholly or partly
to take account of the carrying out of the works,
the requirements of subsection ( 4 ) below shall be observed as
respects the agreement.
( 3) The provisions of this section are without prejudice to the
requirements imposed by section 42 above.
( 4 ) The requirements mentioned in subsection ( 2) above are
that the agreement-
( a ) states that a grant has been approved, and
( b) explains that, if the grant became payable, and a rent
was registered, the rent increase up to the registered
rent would be phased as follows, that is-
(i) if the increase exceeded £1.50 per week, the
rent would be increased by three annual increments,
each of one-third of the total increase,
(ii) if it were less than £1.50 per week, the rent
would be increased by annual increments of up to
£ 0.50 per week up to the registered rent.
PART V
45.-( 1 ) If, in the case of a variation of the terms of a Failure to
regulated tenancy, there is a failure on the part of the landlord comply with provisions
to observe any of the requirements of section 42, 43 or 44 of this fr ofrent
Act, any excess of the rent payable under the terms as varied agreements .
over the terms without the variation shall be irrecoverable from
the tenant.
( 2 ) If, in the case of the grant of a tenancy, there is a
failure on the part of the landlord to observe any of the require-
ments of section 42, 43 or 44 of this Act, any excess of the
rent payable under the tenancy so granted ( for any contractual
or any statutory period of the tenancy) over the previous limit
shall be irrecoverable from the tenant.
( 3) In subsection ( 2 ) above the " previous limit " shall be
taken to be the amount which (taking account of any previous
operation of this section) was recoverable by way of rent for
the last rental period of the previous tenancy of the dwelling-
house, or which would have been so recoverable if all notices
860 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART V
Statutory
tenantsby
succession.
of increase authorised by the Act of 1971, or by section 36(2)
of this Act, had been served .
( 4) Adefault in complying with subsection (5)(c) of section 43
of this Act shall not apply to rent for any rental period after
the default is made good, and, if a rent agreement with a tenant
having security of tenure is put into effect earlier than the date
when it is provided under section 43 of this Act that it may
take effect, such a default shall not affect the rent for any rental
period beginning after that date.
( 5) Section 31 of the Act of 1971 (enforcement provisions)
shall apply as if any amount made irrecoverable by this section
were irrecoverable by virtue of Part III of that Act.
Miscellaneous
46. In Schedule 1 to the Act of 1971 after paragraph 7
there shall be inserted the following paragraph : -
" 7A-( 1 ) Where after a succession the successor becomes
the tenant of the dwelling-house by the grant to him of
"
another tenancy, " the original tenant " and the first
successor ود
in this Schedule shall, in relation to that other
tenancy, mean the persons who were respectively the original
tenant and the first successor at the time of the succession,
and accordingly-
(a) if the successor was the first successor, and immedi-
ately before his death he was still the tenant
( whether protected or statutory), paragraphs
6 and 7 above shall apply on his death,
(b) if the successor was not the first successor, no
person shall become a statutory tenant on his
death by virtue of this Schedule.
(2) Sub-paragraph ( 1) above applies even if—
(a ) a successor enters into more than one other tenancy
of the dwelling-house, and
(b) both the first successor, and the successor on his
death, enter into other tenancies of the dwelling-
house.
(3) This paragraph shall apply-
(a) as respects any succession which takes place on or
after the date of the coming into force of section
46 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland)
Act 1972, and
(b) as respects a succession which took place before
that date if the tenancy granted after the succes-
sion, or the first of those tenancies, was granted
on or after that date.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 861
( 4 ) In this paragraph-
" succession ود
means the occasion on which a person
becomes the statutory tenant of a dwelling- house
by virtue of this Schedule and 66
successor " shall
be construed accordingly ;
" tenancy "
ود
means " regulated tenancy and
66
tenancies " shall be construed accordingly."
PARTV
47. Section 35 of the Act of 1971 ( regulations) shall have Amendment
effect as if- of section 35
ofAct of
( a ) at the end of subsection ( 1) there were inserted the 1971 .
following paragraph-
" (c) prescribing matters as to which notice is to
be given to a tenant of a dwelling-house let on or
subject to a regulated tenancy by means of notices
inserted in rent books and similar documents and the
forms of such notices . "
and
( b) at the end there were added the following subsection-
" (3) If any rent book or similar document which
does not conform to the prescribed requirements is
used by or on behalf of any landlord, the landlord
shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50.”
48. Part VI of the Act of 1971 (rent of dwellings in good Modifications
repair and provided with standard amenities) shall have effect of Part VI of
theAct of
subject to the modifications set out in Schedule 7 to this Act. 1971.
49.-( 1 ) Schedule 6 to the Act of 1971 (application for regis- Amendment
tration of rents unsupported by certificate of fair rent ) shall have of Schedules
6 and 12 to
effect as if-
Act of 1971 .( a) in paragraphs 1 and 2 for the words 66
seven days " there
were substituted the words " 14 days " ;
(b) after paragraph 3 there were inserted the following
paragraph-
" 3A. Where the rent officer, in carrying out his
functions under this Part of this Schedule, inspects
a dwelling-house, he shall explain to the tenant or
to his spouse, if either is present at the inspection, the
procedure upon an application for the registration
of a rent under this Part of this Schedule. "
(2 ) Schedule 12 to the Act of 1971 (applications for registra-
tion of rents supported by certificate of fair rent ) shall have
effect as if in paragraph 7 for the words " 7 days " there were
substituted the words " 14 days " .
862 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PARTV
Interpretation
ofPart V.
50. In this Part of this Act-
" controlled tenancy " has the same meaning as in section
133( 1 ) of the Act of 1971 ;
66
conversion " and " converted tenancy " have the meanings
respectively assigned to them by section 36(1) of this
Act ;
" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the
Secretary of State, and section 35 of the Act of 1971
shall apply to such regulations as it applies to regula-
tions made for the purposes of Part III of that Act ;
" protected tenancy " has the same meaning as in section
133(1 ) of the Act of 1971 ;
" a rent agreement with a tenant having security of tenure "
has the meaning assigned to it by section 42( 1) of this
Act;
" statutory tenant " and " statutory tenancy " have the same
meanings as in section 133(1) of the Act of 1971 ;
and other expressions shall be construed as in Part III and
Part IV of the Act of 1971 .
PART VI
HOUSING ASSOCIATIONS
Subsidies
Introduction
51.-( 1 ) The following subsidies shall be payable to housing
ofnew
associations in the circumstances, and subject to the conditions,
subsidies
for housing associations.
set out in this Part of this Act, namely-
(a) the basic residual subsidy ;
( b) the special residual subsidy ;
( c ) the new building subsidy ;
( d ) the improvement subsidy.
( 2) None of the subsidies may be paid for the year 1971-72,
or for an earlier year.
( 3) The subsidies shall be paid by the Secretary of State out
of money provided by Parliament.
( 4) Section 13 of this Act shall apply in relation to the pay-
ment of subsidies under this Part of this Act as it applies in
relation to the payment of subsidies under Part I of this Act
to a housing authority.
Thebasic
residual
subsidy .
52.-(1) This section has effect as to the circumstances in
which basic residual subsidy is payable to housing associations
and also, subject to section 54 of this Act, as to the amount of
basic residual subsidy so payable.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 863
(2) A housing association shall be entitled to basic residual
PART VI
subsidy for the year 1972-73 if the association's subsidies for
the year 1971-72 exceed the withdrawal factor, and the amount
of the basic residual subsidy for that year shall be equal to
the excess.
( 3) A housing association which is entitled to basic residual
subsidy for the year 1972-73 shall also be entitled to the subsidy
for any subsequent year for which the amount of basic residual
subsidy payable to the association for the immediately preceding
year exceeds the withdrawal factor, and the amount of the basic
residual subsidy shall for each such year be equal to the amount
obtained by deducting the withdrawal factor from the amount of
the basic residual subsidy payable to the association for the
immediately preceding year.
( 4 ) In this section the " association's subsidies for the year
1971-72 " means the aggregate of such sums received or to be
received by the association as the Secretary of State determines
and notifies the association as representing payments made or
to be made to the association for the year 1971-72 under or by
reference to any of the enactments described in Parts V and VI
of Schedule 1 to this Act.
( 5 ) The withdrawal factor for the purposes of this section
shall be determined, in relation to each housing association, by
the Secretary of State.
( 6 ) For the purposes of subsection (5) above, the Secretary
of State shall determine the number of houses as at the end of
the year 1971-72 in respect of which the association's subsidies
for the year 1971-72 are payable .
( 7 ) For the year 1972-73 the withdrawal factor is the sum
produced by multiplying £ 5 by the number of houses determined
under subsection (6) above.
(8) For each year subsequent to the year 1972-73 , the with-
drawal factor is the sum produced by multiplying £20 by the
number of houses determined under subsection (6) above.
53.-( 1) This section has effect as to the circumstances in The special
which special residual subsidy is payable to a housing association residual
and also, subject to section 54 of this Act, as to the amount of subsidy.
special residual subsidy so payable.
( 2) A housing association shall be entitled to special residual
subsidy for relevant works approved for subsidy before the
coming into force of this Act and completed during the year
1972-73 , 1973-74 or 1974-75.
864 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART VI (3) In this section-
" approved for subsidy " means approved by the Secretary
of State for the purposes of sections 1 to 12 of the
Act of 1968 ;
" relevant works " means the erection of a house.
( 4) If an association complete any relevant works during any
of the three years 1972-73, 1973-74 and 1974-75, being works
approved for subsidy before the coming into force of this Act,
they shall be entitled for that year to special residual subsidy
of such an amount as in the opinion of the Secretary of State
represents the financial assistance which would have been given
for that year in respect of those works under sections 1 to 12
of the Act of 1968, if those sections had been in force throughout
the year.
( 5) For the purpose of calculating the amount of special
residual subsidy for the year 1972-73, 1973-74 or 1974-75, the
Secretary of State may adopt, after consultation with such bodies
representative of housing associations as appear to him to be
appropriate, a rate of interest for that year which is to be
treated as if it had been specified for that year by an order
made under section 2( 2) of the Act of 1968 (which relates to
the calculation of aggregate cost subsidies) .
( 6 ) An association entitled under subsection ( 4) above to an
amount of special residual subsidy for the year 1972-73 shall, in
addition, be entitled-
( a) for the year 1973-74 to the said amount of subsidy less
the reduction factor for houses completed during the
year 1972-73 , and
( b) for the year 1974-75 to the amount of subsidy payable
to the association under paragraph (a ) above less the
reduction factor for houses completed during the year
1972-73 .
( 7) An association entitled under subsection ( 4 ) above to an
amount of special residual subsidy for the year 1973-74 shall,
in addition, be entitled for the year 1974-75 to the said amount
of subsidy less the reduction factor for houses completed during
the year 1973-74 .
( 8) For the year 1975-76 and subsequent years the amount of
an association's special residual subsidy shall be the amount,
if any, produced by deducting the reduction factor for houses
completed during the three years 1972-73, 1973-74 and 1974-75
from the amount of their special residual subsidy for the
immediately preceding year.
( 9) In this section " the reduction factor " for houses completed
during any specified year or years means the sum produced by
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 865
multiplying £20 by the total number of houses the erection of which was approved for subsidy before the coming into force of
this Act and which are completed by the association during the
year or years .
PART VI
54.-( 1) If a housing association, by furnishing to the Secre- Residual
tary of State such information as to their financial position as subsidies-
he may require, satisfy him that for the year 1972-73 or for supplementary.
any year subsequent to that year their income from their houses
will be inadequate, having regard to their normal sources of
income, to meet such expenditure (including loan charges) as in
his opinion it would be reasonable for them to incur for that
year in the exercise of their housing functions, he may direct that
section 52 or section 53 of this Act shall have effect in relation
to that association for that year as if for any references to £5
or £20 there were substituted references to such smaller amounts
as may be specified in the direction ; and the amounts which may
be so substituted shall include zero.
(2) The Secretary of State may reduce, suspend, or discon-
tinue the payment of basic residual subsidy or special residual
subsidy to a housing association if they lease or otherwise
dispose of any of their houses in respect of which they are
entitled to such a payment.
( 3) If any of the houses of a housing association are leased
to or become vested in another housing association or trustees for
another housing association, or are leased to or become vested
in the Housing Corporation, the Secretary of State may pay to
that association or the Corporation the whole or any part of
any basic residual subsidy or special residual subsidy which he
would otherwise have paid to the former association for any
year beginning with the year in which the houses are so leased
or come to be so vested.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this section houses are leased if and
only if they are leased for a term exceeding seven years, or for a
term not exceeding seven years granted by a lease which confers
on the lessee an option for renewal for a term which, together
with the original term, exceeds seven years .
55.-( 1) This section has effect, subject to section 56 of this The new
Act, as to the circumstances in which new building subsidy is building
payable to a housing association and the amount of new building subsidy .
subsidy so payable.
( 2) A housing association shall be entitled to new building
subsidy as provided by the following provisions of this section
and section 56 below, in respect of a building scheme approved
by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section if they
incur an initial deficit on it.
2E
866 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PARTVI 66
( 3) In this section and section 56 of this Act building
scheme " means a scheme approved by the Secretary of State
for the erection by a housing association of a house or group of
houses for the purpose of letting or for any purpose which in the
opinion of the Secretary of State is comparable, and also includes
the provision of other buildings or land connected with the
requirements of the occupiers of the house or houses comprised
in the scheme.
( 4) Subject to subsection ( 11) below, and to subsections (2)
and (3) of section 56 of this Act, new building subsidy shall be
paid to a housing association for ten years, namely the year of
completion of the last or only house comprised in a building
scheme (in this section referred to as the " year of completion ")
and the nine years immediately following, and the amount of
subsidy for a year shall be the percentage of the initial deficit
shown for that year in the Table in subsection (6) below.
(5) For the purposes of this section-
( a ) a housing association incur an initial deficit on a
building scheme if their income from the scheme for
the year immediately following the year of completion
is less than their approved expenditure on the scheme
for that year ;
( b ) the income from a building scheme for the year
immediately following the year of completion is the
income which would be obtained for that year from
all the buildings and land comprised in the scheme,
assuming, subject to subsection (8) below, that every
house so comprised were let for the whole of that year
at a rent equal to the amount which would be registered
as a fair rent for the house under this Part of this
Act;
( c) the approved expenditure on a building scheme for
the year immediately following the year of completion
is the association's expenditure on loan charges in
respect of the expenditure on the scheme and on the
maintenance and management of the buildings and
land comprised in the scheme.
( 6) The following is the Table referred to in subsection ( 4)
above : -
TABLE
Year for which subsidy
is payable
Year of completion
Second...
ThirdPercentage of initial deficit
to be met by subsidy
... ...
.. 100
... ... ... 100
... ... ... ... ... 100
Fourth... ... ... ... ... 60
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 с.46 867
Year for which subsidy
Percentage of initial
is payable
deficit to be made by subsidy
Fifth
... ... ... ... ...
60
Sixth
60
Seventh
Eighth
Ninth
...
... ... ... ... ... 30
... ... ... ... ...
... ...
30
... 30
Tenth
...
10
( 7 ) Income from and approved expenditure on a building
scheme shall be estimated in such manner and on such evidence
as the Secretary of State may from time to time direct in the
case of associations in general or any individual association or
description of associations .
( 8) The Secretary of State may direct under subsection (7)
above that paragraph (b) of subsection ( 5) above shall have
effect with the substitution for the assumption specified in that
paragraph of such other assumption as may be specified in the
direction.
( 9) In any case where a housing association are entitled to
new building subsidy but are precluded by their rules or con-
stitution from charging a rent for their houses, the reference in
paragraph (b) of subsection (5) above to the amount which
would be registered as a fair rent shall be construed, in relation
to the association's houses, as a reference to the amount which,
in the opinion of the Secretary of State, would be registered as
a fair rent if those houses were available for letting at a rent.
(10 ) In any case to which subsection ( 9) above applies the
Secretary of State may assume, without prejudice to subsections
( 7) and (8) above, that the houses would be let on such terms and
in such circumstances as he considers appropriate.
(11) The Secretary of State shall consult with such bodies
representative of housing associations as he considers
appropriate-
(a ) before giving a general direction as to the method of
estimating approved expenditure ;
(b) before determining, in any case to which subsection (9)
applies , the assumptions as to letting which are to be
made under subsection ( 10) above.
(12 ) If a housing association, by furnishing to the Secretary
of State such information as to their financial position as he
may require, satisfy him, in relation to a building scheme, that
for any year except-
( a ) the year of completion, or
PART VI
2E2
868 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART VI ( b) the second or third year for which new building subsidy
is payable,
payment of an amount of subsidy equal to the percentage of
the initial deficit shown in the Table will be inadequate, having
regard to their normal sources of income, to enable them to
meet such expenditure (including loan charges) as in his opinion
it would be reasonable for them to incur for that year in the
exercise of their housing functions, he may direct that for that
year the percentage of the initial deficit to be met by subsidy
shall be greater than that shown in the Table but not greater
than 90 per cent. or than the percentage met by subsidy for the
immediately preceding year, if that was less than 90 per cent.
New building 56.-(1 ) The Secretary of State may make his approval of a
subsidy- building scheme subject to compliance by the association who
supplementary. apply for that approval with such conditions as he may specify .
( 2) The Secretary of State may make reduced payments of new
building subsidy to a housing association in respect of a build-
ing scheme, or suspend or discontinue such payments-
( a) if he made his approval of the building scheme subject
to compliance with any conditions and is satisfied that
any of those conditions has not been complied with ; or
(b) if he is satisfied that a house comprised in the scheme-
( i ) has been converted, demolished or destroyed ;
or
(ii) is not fit to be used or is not being used for
the purpose for which it was intended ; or
(iii) has been sold or leased ; or
(iv ) has ceased for any reason whatsoever to be
vested in the association or trustees for the
association.
( 3) If any of the houses comprised in a building scheme are
leased to or become vested in a housing association or trustees
for a housing association other than the association who received
approval for the scheme, or are leased to or become vested in the
Housing Corporation, the Secretary of State may pay to them the
whole or any part of any new building subsidy which he would
otherwise have paid for any year beginning with the year in
which they are so leased or come to be so vested to the associa-
tion which received approval for the scheme.
( 4 ) For the purposes of this section houses are leased if and
only if they are leased for a term exceeding seven years, or for a
term not exceeding seven years granted by a lease which confers
on the lessee an option for renewal for a term which, together
with the original term, exceeds seven years .
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 869
57.-(1) This section has effect as to the circumstances in PART VI
which improvement subsidy is payable to a housing association The
and the amount of improvement subsidy so payable.
improvement subsidy.
( 2) A housing association shall be entitled to improvement
subsidy as provided by the following provisions of this section
in respect of an improvement scheme approved by the Secretary
of State for the purposes of this section if they incur an initial
deficit on it.
( 3) In this section " improvement scheme " means a scheme
approved by the Secretary of State for the provision of a house
or group of houses by a housing association by means of the
conversion of houses or other buildings, or for the improvement
of a house or group of houses by a housing association, for the
purpose of letting or for any purpose which in the opinion of
the Secretary of State is comparable.
( 4 ) Subsections (4 ) to ( 12) of section 55, and section 56, of
this Act shall apply to improvement subsidy as they apply to
new building subsidy except that-
(a ) for any reference to a building scheme there shall be
substituted a reference to an improvement scheme ;
(b) in subsection ( 4) of section 55 after the words " section
56 of this Act ", there shall be inserted the words " as
applied by section 57 of this Act " ;
(c) in paragraph (b) of section 55(5) for the words " build-
ings and land " there shall be substituted the word
houses " ;66
( d ) in paragraph (c) of section 55(5), at the beginning there
shall be inserted the words " subject to subsection (5)
of section 57 of this Act ", for the words " buildings
and land " there shall be substituted the word
" houses " and at the end there shall be added the
words " and includes any expenditure incurred by the
association in acquiring interests in land for the pur-
pose of giving effect to the scheme ".
(5) Where an exchequer contribution is payable under section
16 or 17 of the Act of 1968, or an improvement grant or a
standard grant has been made to a housing association under
section 27 or 40 of the Act of 1968 respectively, towards the
cost of works of conversion for the provision of a house, or of
improvement of a house, comprised in an improvement scheme,
then the cost of such works shall not be included in the approved
expenditure on the improvement scheme for the purposes of this
section.
2E3
870 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972
PART VI
Housing
agreements.
1962 с. 28.
1964 с. 56 .
(6 ) Where improvement subsidy is payable to a housing
association in respect of a house comprised in an improvement
scheme, then no exchequer contribution shall be payable under
section 16 or 17 of the Act of 1968, and a local authority shall
not approve an application by the housing association for an
improvement grant or a standard grant under section 27 or 40
of the Act of 1968 respectively, towards the cost of works of
conversion for the provision of such a house or of improvement
of such a house.
Housing and subsidy agreements
58.-( 1 ) Any term of a housing agreement relating to rent
payable in respect of a house to which the agreement
relates or contributions towards the cost of maintaining such a
house shall cease to have effect on 1st January 1973.
( 2) In this section " housing agreement " means any of the
following, namely-
( a) an agreement made between the Secretary of State and
a housing association under section 1( 1) (d ) of the
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1962 (special arrangements for
provision of housing) before this Act comes into force ;
( b) an agreement for a loan or a grant to a housing
association under section 152 of the Act of 1966 ( loans
and grants to housing associations by local authorities) ;
( c) an agreement made between a local authority and a
housing association under section 153 of that Act
(arrangements for provision of housing) ;
( d ) an agreement made between the Secretary of State and
a housing association under section 154 of that Act
(arrangements for improvement of housing) ;
(e) an agreement made between a housing association and
a local authority under section 155 of that Act
( arrangements for improvement of housing) ;
( f ) a scheme under section 157 of that Act (unification
of conditions affecting housing associations' houses) ;
(g) an agreement made between the Secretary of State and
a housing association under section 1 (2) (d ) of the Act of
1968 ( special arrangements for provision of housing)
before this Act comes into force ;
( h) an agreement made between the Secretary of State and
a housing association under section 23 of the Act of
1968 (advances by Secretary of State for provision
of housing accommodation for letting) ;
(i ) an agreement for a loan to a housing association by the
Housing Corporation under section 2 of the Housing
Act 1964.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 871
( 3) Any such term as is mentioned in subsection ( 1) above
included in a housing agreement made under section 152,
153 or 155 of the Act of 1966 after the coming into force
of this Act shall be void.
( 4) Subject to subsection ( 1) above and subsection (5) below,
a housing agreement made before the coming into force of this
Act shall continue to have effect after this Act comes into
force.
( 5) Upon the application of a party to a housing agreement
the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, direct-
( a ) that the agreement shall have effect with such variations,
determined by him or agreed by the parties, as may be
specified in the direction ; or
( b ) that the agreement shall be terminated ;
but no variation shall be directed which would have the effect
of including in an agreement any term such as is mentioned in
subsection ( 1 ) above.
PARTVI
59.-( 1 ) Where an agreement in pursuance of which payments Subsidy
are to be made under or by reference to any of the enactments agreements.
described in Parts IV and VI of Schedule 1 to this Act ( here-
after referred to as a 66
subsidy agreement " ) has been made
between a local authority and a housing association, the prohibi-
tion on the making of payments under or by reference to such
an enactment contained in paragraph 1 of Schedule 8 to this Act
shall be construed, subject to subsection ( 2) below, as extending
only to the payment of amounts which the authority are obliged
to pay by the relevant enactment ; and accordingly, where such
an agreement provides for the payment of greater amounts,
the authority shall continue to pay to the housing association
sums equal to the difference between the amounts for the pay-
ment of which the agreement provides and the amount which
they are obliged to pay by that enactment.
( 2 ) Upon the application of a party to a subsidy agreement,
the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, direct-
(a ) that the agreement shall have effect with such varia-
tions, determined by him or agreed by the parties, as
may be specified in the direction ; or
( b) that the agreement shall be terminated ;
but no variation shall be directed which would have the effect
of including in an agreement any term such as is mentioned in
section 58 ( 1 ) above.
2E4
872 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PARTVI Rent limit for dwelling-houses let by housing associations
and the Housing Corporation
Tenancies to
which sections 60. This section and sections 61 to 66 of this Act apply to a
60to 66 apply, tenancy where-
( a ) the interest of the landlord under that tenancy belongs
to ahousing association or to the Housing Corporation,
and
( b) the tenancy would be a protected tenancy but for
section 5 of the Act of 1971 ,
and in this section and the said sections 61 to 66 " tenancy
"
means, unless the context otherwise requires, a tenancy to which
those sections apply.
Rents to be
registrable 61.-( 1 ) There shall be a separate part of the register under
Part IV of the Act of 1971 in which rents may be registered
under Part IV for dwelling-houses which are let , or are, or are to be, available
ofthe Act
of 1971 .
for letting, under a tenancy to which sections 60 to 66 of this Act
apply.
( 2) Sections 39 to 42, section 43 ( except subsection (3) thereof )
and section 46 of, and Schedules 6 and 7 to, the Act of 1971
shall, in relation to that part of the register, have effect as if
for any reference in those provisions to a regulated tenancy there
were substituted a reference to a tenancy to which the said
sections 60 to 66 apply.
( 3) Subject to section 64 of this Act, registration in the said
part of the register shall take effect on the date of registration :
Provided that registration before 1st January 1973 shall be
provisional only until that date, and the date of registration
shall be 1st January 1973 .
( 4) From the date of registration any previous registration of
a rent for the dwelling-house shall cease to have effect.
(5) A rent registered in any part of the register for a dwelling-
house, which becomes or ceases to be a dwelling- house under
a tenancy to which sections 60 to 66 of this Act apply, shall
be as effective as if it were registered in any other part of the
register.
( 6) Subject to subsection (5) above, references in the said
sections 60 to 66 to registration are, unless the context otherwise
requires , references to registration pursuant to this section.
The rent
limit.
62.-( 1) Where the rent payable under a tenancy would
exceed the rent limit determined in accordance with sections 60
to 66 of this Act, the amount of the excess shall be irrecoverable
from the tenant.
Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 873
( 2) Where a rent for the dwelling-house is registered, then,
PART VI
subject to sections 63 and 64 of this Act and Part IV of the
Schedule to the Fire Precautions Act 1971, the rent limit is the 1971 c. 40.
rent so registered :
Provided that where any rates in respect of the dwelling-house
are borne by the landlord the amount of those rates for any
rental period, ascertained in accordance with Schedule 4 to the
Act of 1971, shall be added to the limit imposed by this sub-
section, and then, subject to subsection ( 4) below, any reference
in sections 60 to 66 of this Act to the rent registered for the
dwelling-house shall be taken as a reference to the registered rent
plus the amount of rates borne by the landlord.
( 3) Where no rent for the dwelling-house is registered, then,
subject to subsection ( 4 ) below and Part IV of the Schedule
to the Fire Precautions Act 1971, the rent limit shall be deter-
mined as follows-
( a) if the lease or agreement creating the tenancy was made
before 1st January 1973, the rent limit is the rent
recoverable under the tenancy, as varied by any
agreement made before that date ( but not as varied
by any later agreement) ,
( b) if paragraph ( a) above does not apply, and, not more
than three years before the tenancy began, the dwelling-
house was subject to another tenancy ( whether before
1973 or later ) the rent limit is the rent recoverable
under that other tenancy (or, if there was more than
one, the last of them) for the last rental period thereof,
( c) if paragraph (a) and paragraph ( b) above do not apply,
the rent limit shall be the rent payable under the
terms of the lease or agreement creating the tenancy
( and not the rent so payable under those terms as
varied by any subsequent agreement) .
( 4) Where for any period there is a difference between the
amount (if any) of the rates borne by the landlord in respect of
the dwelling- house and the amount (if any ) so borne in the
rental period on which the rent limit is based, the rent limit under
subsection (3) above or paragraph (a) or (b) of section 63 (2) , or
section 64(4) , of this Act shall be increased or decreased by the
amount of the difference :
Provided that an increase of rent made solely to reflect an
increase in the amount of rates borne by the landlord shall be
disregarded for the purposes of section 63(3) or ( 4) of this Act.
( 5) Section 31 of the Act of 1971 (enforcement provisions)
shall apply as if any amount made irrecoverable by virtue of
this section were irrecoverable by virtue of Part III of that Act.
874 c. 46 Housing ( Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PARTVI (6) A tenancy commencing (whether before or after this Act
comes into force) while there is in operation a condition relating
to rent imposed under any of the enactments mentioned in
section 40( 5) of the Act of 1971 shall be disregarded for the
purposes of subsection (3) (b) above in determining the rent limit
under any subsequent tenancy of the dwelling-house.
( 7) Section 33 of the Act of 1971 ( duty of landlord to supply
statement of rent under previous tenancy) shall apply where
the rent is subject to the rent limit under subsection (3) (b) above
as it applies where rent under a regulated tenancy is subject
to the contractual rent limit mentioned in that section.
(8) This section shall not apply to rent for any rental period
beginning before 1st January 1973 .
Phasing of 63.-(1) This section applies where a rent is registered for
progression to a dwelling-house ( whether it is the first or any subsequent
registered
rent.
registration) which exceeds the rent limit for the dwelling-house
immediately before the date of registration, unless at the date
of registration there is no tenant and no person to whom the
tenancy has been granted.
( 2) The rent limit shall progress from the rent limit immedi-
ately before the date of registration to the registered rent in
stages , and, subject to section 62( 4) of this Act and paragraph 3
1971 с. 40.
of Part IV of the Schedule to the Fire Precautions Act 1971-
( a) for any rental period beginning in the first stage, the
rent limit shall be the rent limit immediately before
the date of registration plus £ 0.75 per week, or the
registered rent, whichever is the less,
( b) for any rental period beginning in the second or any
subsequent stage, the rent limit shall be the rent
payable for the first rental period of the last previous
stage plus £0-75 per week, or the registered rent,
whichever is the less.
(3) The first stage shall last for 52 weeks from the date of
registration, or from the beginning of the first rental period
for which the rent is first increased (by any amount) on or after
that date, whichever is the later.
( 4 ) Any subsequent stage shall last for 52 weeks from the end
of the last previous stage, or from the beginning of the first
rental period for which the rent is first increased (by any
amount) after the end of the last previous stage, whichever is
the later.
( 5) If a tenancy of the dwelling - house is granted at any time
when the rent limit is less than the registered rent , and the
tenant is neither the person who, at the time when the previous
Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972 c .46 875
tenancy ( or the last previous tenancy) ended, was the tenant
PART VI
under that tenancy nor a member of that tenant's family who
resided with him, the registered rent shall become the rent limit
from the beginning of the new tenancy, and the stages by which
the rent limit was to progress up to the registered rent shall
terminate.
(6 ) The registration of a lower or higher rent during the pro-
gression from the rent limit in force before the prior registration
shall not alter the stages by which the rent limit is to progress,
and if a higher rent is registered in the 52 weeks beginning with
the first rental period for which the rent is increased up to the
rent registered on the prior registration, the first stage in the
progression from that rent up to the later registered rent shall
not begin until the end of that period of 52 weeks .
64.-( 1 ) Where the rent limit for a dwelling-house immediately Previous rent
before the date of registration of a rent for that dwelling-house limit
exceeded the rent so registered, the registration shall be pro - registered
visional only until it takes effect in accordance with this section. rent : special
( 2 ) If-
rent limit .
( a) no application is made under this section to the Secre-
tary of State before the expiration of a period of 28
days beginning with the date of registration, or
( b) an application duly made to the Secretary of State under
this section is refused,
the registration shall cease to be provisional, and shall take effect
as from the date of registration.
( 3) Notwithstanding section 67( 2) of this Act, the reference in
subsection (2) (a) above to the date of registration shall be con-
strued , in a case where a rent determined by a rent assessment
committee is registered in substitution for a rent determined by
the rent officer, as a reference to the date on which the rent deter-
mined by the rent assessment committee was registered.
( 4) The Secretary of State may, on an application made to him
within the said period of 28 days, grant the application and direct
that the rent limit for the dwelling-house shall, subject to Part
IV of the Schedule to the Fire Precautions Act 1971, be such 1971 c. 40.
amount as is specified in the direction, being an amount not
more than the said previous rent limit, but more than the rent
which is provisionally registered.
The Secretary of State may include in a direction under this
subsection such conditions as he thinks fit, and if any condition
is not complied with the direction shall cease to have effect.
( 5) The period for which the direction has effect shall begin
with the date of the provisional registration, and the date when,
subject to subsections (6 ) and (7) below, that period is to end
shall be specified in the direction, being a date not more than
876 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART VI
Special rent
limit ;
procedure on
application .
three years and six months from the date of the provisional
registration.
(6) The direction shall cease to have effect-
( a) if on a subsequent application for registration a different
rent is registered for the dwelling-house and that rent
is equal to or exceeds the rent specified in the direction ,
or
( b) the rent assessment committee determine a rent in sub-
stitution for the rent registered by the rent officer, and
that rent is equal to or exceeds the rent specified in
the direction, or
(c ) the applicant ceases to be the landlord of the dwelling-
house.
( 7) Subject to subsection (6) above, if on the date specified as
the end of the period under subsection ( 5) above a subsequent
application for registration is pending, the direction shall con-
tinue in force until that application has been disposed of by the
rent officer.
( 8) When the period for which a direction has effect ends,
and the provisional registration is not superseded by a new
registration under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection
( 6) above, the registration shall cease to be provisional and,
except for the purposes of section 40 of the Act of 1971 (right
to apply for registration of a new rent after 3 years), shall take
effect at the time when the period ends.
( 9) Where a registration is by virtue of this section a pro-
visional registration, the reference in section 40( 4) ( b) of the Act
of 1971 to the date on which the registration of rent took effect
shall be construed as a reference to the date of the provisional
registration.
(10) The rent officer shall notify the tenant of any case where
a registration is by virtue of this section a provisional registration .
( 11) This section applies whether the registration mentioned in
subsection ( 1) above is the first or any subsequent registration
and, in the case of a subsequent registration, whether or not
the rent limit immediately before the date of registration was
that fixed by a direction under this section.
( 12 ) A confirmation of a rent by the rent officer shall be
treated for the purposes of this section as a registration of a rent
which supersedes the registration, whether or not it is a pro-
visional registration, prior to the confirmation.
65.-( 1) An application under the last preceding section shall
be in such form as the Secretary of State may direct either
generally or in any particular case, and the applicant shall give
notice of the application to the rent officer and shall take all
reasonable steps to give notice of the application to the tenant
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 877
of each dwelling-house which would be affected by a direction PARTVI
given on the application .
(2) The Secretary of State in entertaining the application-
( a ) shall take into consideration the information about the
finances of the applicant given to him on the applica-
tion, and any further information given by the appli-
cant at his request, and
(b) shall not give a direction unless he is satisfied that the
direction is necessary having regard to the applicant's
normal sources of income and to the expenditure
( including loan charges) which in his opinion it is
reasonable for the applicant to incur in the exercise of
housing functions .
(3) The Secretary of State shall give notice in writing of his
decision on the application to the applicant and to the rent
officer and, where the decision is to grant the application, the
notice shall include particulars of the direction given on the
application.
(4) The rent officer shall note in the register-
( a) any application notified to him by the applicant, and
(b) any direction given and the period for which it is
effective, and
( c) any decision of the Secretary of State not to grant an
application.
( 5) The applicant shall take all reasonable steps to notify the
tenant of each dwelling-house affected of any case where the
Secretary of State decides to grant or not to grant an application
and, where the decision is to grant the application, the notice
shall include particulars of the direction given on the application.
66. Subsections (1) to ( 4) of section 62 of the Act of 1969 Increase of
( increase of rents of houses belonging to certain authorities rent without
without notice of removal) shall apply to a housing association notice to quit
or the Housing Corporation as they apply to any authority to
which that section applies, except that in subsection ( 4 ) for
the reference to the date of the commencement of that Act there
shall be substituted a reference to the date of the coming into
force of this Act.
67 .- (1) Section 34 of the Act of 1971 (adjustment for Supplemental
differences in lengths of rental periods) shall apply for the to sections
purposes of sections 60 to 66 of this Act as it applies for the 60 to 66.
purposes of Part III of that Act.
(2) Where a rent determined by a rent assessment committee
is registered in substitution for a rent determined by the rent
officer, the date of registration shall be deemed for the purposes
of sections 60 to 66 of this Act to be the date on which the rent
determined by the rent officer was registered :
878 All payments
under
overspill
agreements to
be voluntary.
1957 с. 38.
c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART VI
Interpretation
of Part VI.
Provided that a landlord shall not, by virtue of this subsection,
be entitled to recover any rent for a rental period beginning
before the date when the rent determined by the rent assessment
committee was registered.
(3) The sheriff shall have jurisdiction, either in the course
of any proceedings relating to a dwelling-house or on an appli-
cation made for the purpose by the landlord or the tenant, to
determine any question as to the rent limit under the said sections
60 to 66, or as to any matter which is or may become material
for determining any such question ; and section 123( 1) of the
Act of 1971 shall apply to any application to the sheriff under
this subsection as it applies to any application under any of
the provisions mentioned in section 123( 3) of that Act.
Interpretation
68.-( 1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise
requires-
66 housing functions " means constructing, improving or
managing or facilitating or encouraging the construc-
tion or improvement of houses by conversion and the
acquisition of houses, and includes functions which are
supplementary or incidental to any of those functions.
" loan charges " includes any loan charges made by a
housing association (including charges for debt manage-
ment) whether in respect of borrowing from any capital
fund kept by the housing association, or in respect of
borrowing between accounts kept by the housing
association for different functions, or otherwise.
( 2) In this Part of this Act, expressions which are used in
this Part of this Act which are also used in Parts III and IV
of the Act of 1971 shall, unless the context otherwise requires,
have the same meaning as in those Parts.
PART VII
MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Miscellaneous
69.-( 1 ) No payment shall be made by an exporting authority
to a receiving authority under subsection (4) (b) of section 9 of
the Housing and Town Development (Scotland ) Act 1957 for the
year 1972-73 or any subsequent year in pursuance of an overspill
agreement ; but such an agreement whether made before or
after this Act comes into force, may provide with the consent
of the Secretary of State, for such payment from the exporting
authority to the receiving authority as may be specified in the
agreement.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 879
( 2 ) In consequence of subsection ( 1 ) above the said section
PART VII
9 shall have effect for the year 1972-73 and subsequent years
as if-
(a) subsection (4) (b) were omitted ; and
( b) for subsection (5) there were substituted the following
subsection-
" (5) An overspill agreement ( whether entered
into before or after this Act comes into force) may
provide, with the consent of the Secretary of State, for
the making by the exporting authority to the receiving
authority of such payment as may be specified in the
agreement. " .
( 3) Nothing in this section shall affect the continuance of
any payment being made in pursuance of subsection ( 5) of the
said section 9 immediately before this Act comes into force.
( 4) A receiving authority may abrogate an overspill agree-
ment entered into before this Act comes into force if the
Secretary of State is satisfied, on an application made to him by
the receiving authority, that, if they were to implement the
agreement, an unduly large burden would fall on the authority's
housing revenue account.
70. Schedule 8 to this Act shall have effect as to-
Termination
( a ) the termination, for the year 1972-73 and subsequent of certain
years, of payments under the enactments described existing
in Schedule 1 to this Act, and exchequer contributions
(b) the termination or modification of certain other pro- and related
visions about assistance for housing authorities or other provisions.
persons providing housing accommodation.
71.-( 1 ) A local authority for the purposes of Part VII of the Financial
Act of 1966 shall, in the performance of the functions of manage- assistance
ment of houses conferred on them by section 149(1) of that Act, towards
tenants'
have power, subject to subsections ( 2) and ( 3) below, in every removal
case where a tenant of a house to which the housing revenue expenses.
account relates moves to another house, whether or not that other
house is also owned by the local authority-
(a ) to pay any expenses of the removal ;
(b) where the tenant is purchasing the house, to pay any
expenses incurred by him in connection with the pur-
chase other than the purchase price.
(2 ) Paragraph (b) of subsection ( 1) above shall only apply
in a case where a tenant of a house to which the housing
revenue account relates moves to another house of the local
authority if that house has never been let.
( 3) A local authority may make their payment of expenses
in connection with the purchase of a house subject to such
conditions as they think fit .
880 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART VII ( 4) Nothing in this section shall affect the operation of section
160 of the Act of 1966 (which gives a local authority power in
certain circumstances to pay reasonable allowances to persons
displaced from buildings) .
Default by 72. Section 195 of the Act of 1966 (default powers of Secretary
local authority. of State in relation to rents) shall have effect as if-
( a ) In subsection ( 1) for the words from " there has " to
66
" this Act " there were substituted the words a local
authority-
( a) have failed effectively to discharge any of their
functions under Part II, III or IV of the Housing
( Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972 ; or
( b) have failed so to discharge any function con-
ferred on them by that Act or any other enactment
as to secure the effective discharge of any of their
functions under those Parts of that Act ;
( b) after subsection ( 4 ) there were inserted the following
subsections-
" (4A) Without prejudice to subsection (4) above,
where a local authority have failed to comply with
any requirement of-
( a) a default order within the time specified
therein, being a default order in which the
Secretary of State has declared the local
authority to be in default in respect of a
failure such as is mentioned in subsection
(1) of this section, but has not directed
them to comply with a rents scheme, or
( b) a rents scheme to which they have been
directed under this section (whether in a
default order or in a supplementary order),
the Secretary of State may make an order rendering
exercisable by him such functions of the local
authority under Part II, III or IV of the Housing
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972 as are
specified in the order and such other functions of
the local authority as the Secretary of State con-
siders necessary or expedient for the performance
of those functions and as are so specified, and he
may direct that the authority shall not during such
time as the order is in force perform any function
conferred by the order on him.
( 4B) Section 194 of this Act shall apply for the
purposes of subsection (4A) above as it applies for
the purposes of section 193 of this Act.
Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 881
( 4C) It shall be the duty of a local authority, any
of whose functions the Secretary of State is exercising
by virtue of an order under subsection (4A) above,
and any officer or servant of such an authority, to
take all reasonable steps to facilitate the performance
of those functions by the Secretary of State. "
( c) after subsection (5 ) there were inserted the following
subsection—
66 (5A) The Secretary of State may-
( a ) in a default order in which he has not
directed a local authority to comply with
a rents scheme made under this section, or
( b) in a default order or supplementary order
in which he has so directed the local
authority, or
( c ) in an order under subsection ( 4A) above,
require the local authority or, as the case may be,
empower himself to treat during such period as
may be specified in the order any provision of the
Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972
so specified-
(i) as having effect with such exceptions, adap-
tations and modifications as may be so
specified,
(ii) as not having effect. "
PARTVII
73. Section 58 of the Act of 1968 shall have effect as if- Power of
Secretary
( a) in subsection (1) at the end there were added the words ofState
" ; and he may, in the circumstances mentioned in para- to reduce,
graph (aa) or (c) of subsection (3) of this section reduce suspend or
the amount of any subsidy payable under Part I of discontinue
housingthe Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972 subsidies .
or suspend or discontinue the payment of such subsidy
or part thereof. " ;
( b) in subsection ( 3) after paragraph ( a) there were inserted
the following paragraph-
66 ( aa ) that the subsidy falls to be paid to a local
authority and the Secretary of State is satisfied that
the authority have failed to discharge any of their
functions under Part II, III or IV of the Housing
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 ; " ;
(c ) in subsection (3) (c) after the word " made " there were
inserted the words " or the subsidy falls to be paid " .
882 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART VII 74. Notwithstanding section 168 of the Local Government
Application ( Scotland) Act 1947, any money received by a local authority
of receipts from the disposal of land, being land in respect of which
from disposal income and expenditure is accounted for in the housing revenue
of certain
land .
account or the slum clearance revenue account, shall be applied,
1947 с. 43.
except where the Secretary of State otherwise approves, for a
purpose for which the land which was the subject of the
transaction was held.
Adjustment 75.-( 1 ) Where after the coming into force of this section land
of accounts on is appropriated by a local authority for the purposes of Part II
appropriation of land.
or Part VII of the Act of 1966 or Part I of the Act of 1969,
or on the discontinuance of use for that purpose, such adjust-
ment shall be made in the accounts of the local authority as the
Secretary of State may direct.
( 2) Any direction under this section may be either a general
direction or a direction for any particular case.
1959 с. 70.
( 3) Where this section applies, section 25 of the Town and
Country Planning (Scotland ) Act 1959 ( which also relates to
the adjustment of accounts on appropriation of land ) shall not
apply.
Tenancies
at a rent
unalterable
over a long
period .
76.-( 1) This section applies to a tenancy of any of the houses
to which a local authority's housing revenue account relates
( including a tenancy granted before the coming into force of this
Act) other than-
( a) a house for the time being subject to a weekly or other
periodical tenancy,
( b ) a house for the time being subject to a tenancy granted,
by the authority or any predecessor in title, before 1st
August 1971 ,
( c) a house which, whether before the coming into force
of this Act or later, was acquired by the authority from
a person other than another local authority, which
when acquired was regarded by the authority as only
likely to be available for use as a house for a period
not exceeding ten years and which is for the time
being subject to a tenancy which was granted before it
was so acquired, or
(d ) a house for the time being excluded from this section by
a direction of the Secretary of State subject to such
conditions, if any, and for such period, as may be
specified in the direction, being a general direction, or
a direction given on the application of an authority for
a particular case,
if , apart from this section, the authority would not have the rights
conferred by subsection ( 2) of this section .
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 883
( 2) It shall be an implied term of the tenancy that the authority
PART VII
may increase the rent payable under the tenancy with effect from
the beginning of any rental period by a notice given to the
tenant not less than four weeks before the beginning of the
rental period (or any earlier day on which the payment of rent
in respect of that period falls to be made) .
Where in accordance with this section a term is to be so
implied for the benefit of the landlord, it shall also be an implied
term of the tenancy that the tenant may terminate the tenancy
with effect from the beginning of any rental period by a notice
given not later than two weeks before the beginning of that
rental period.
( 3) Where an authority give a notice of increase under sub-
section (2) above for the beginning of a rental period and the
tenancy continues into that period, the notice shall nevertheless
not have effect if the tenancy is terminated by notice given by
the tenant in accordance with the provisions express or implied
of the tenancy, and-
( a) the notice to terminate the tenancy is given before the
end of the period of two weeks following the date on
which the notice of increase is given, or such longer
period as may be allowed by the notice of increase, and
( b) the date on which the tenancy is made to terminate is not
later than the earliest day on which the tenancy could
be terminated by a notice given by the tenant on the
last day of that period.
( 4 ) An authority's notice of increase under subsection (2)
above shall not be valid unless it tells the tenant of his right to
terminate the tenancy and of the steps to be taken by him if he
wishes to do so, and it also gives him the dates by which, if the
increase is not to be effective, the notice to terminate the tenancy
must be received by the authority and the tenancy be made to
terminate.
( 5) If any rental period exceeds six weeks, this section shall
apply as if references to the beginning of the rental period
included references to the beginning of the second or any subse-
quent week in the rental period.
77. (1 ) Section 1(1) of the Act of 1971 (protected tenancies) Amendment
shall have effect as if for paragraph ( a ) there were substituted the of sections 1
following paragraph-
and 86 of Act
of1971 ." (a) the rateable value of the dwelling-house on the appro-
priate day exceeded or, as the case may be, exceeds
£200 ; or ".
( 2) Section 86( 1) ( dwelling-houses to which Part VII of that
Act applies) shall have effect as if for the words from “ which
884 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
PART VII
Interpretation.
1966 с. 49.
1968 с. 31 . 1969 с. 34. 1971 с. 28.
1968 с. 16.
1944 с. 36.
1965 с. 12 .
1957 с. 38
has " to the end there were substituted the words " the rateable
value of which on the appropriate day did not or, as the case
may be, does not exceed £200 ”.
General
78.-( 1 ) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires-
" the Act of 1966 " means the Housing (Scotland) Act
;1966
" the Act of 1968 " means the Housing (Financial Pro-
visions) (Scotland) Act 1968 ;
" the Act of 1969 " means the Housing ( Scotland) Act
; 1969
66
the Act of 1971 " means the Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971 ;
66
development corporation " has the same meaning as in
section 2 of the New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968 ;
" development corporation house " means a house owned
by a development corporation and available to them
for the purpose of providing rented accommodation
and " the number of development corporation houses
ود
for any period means the number of such houses on
the relevant date, except that for the purposes of section
8 of this Act for the year 1971-72 it means such
number as the Secretary of State deems to be develop-
ment corporation houses for that year ;
" house " has the same meaning as in the Act of 1966,
except that it includes any structure made available
under section 1 of the Housing (Temporary
Accommodation) Act 1944 ;
" housing association " has the same meaning as in the
Act of 1966, except that, subject to sections 58 and
59 of this Act, it does not include the Scottish Special
Housing Association or a development corporation or
any association which is, or is deemed to be, duly
registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies
Act 1965 and whose rules restrict membership to
persons who are tenants or prospective tenants of
the association, and preclude the granting or assigning
of tenancies to persons other than members ;
" housing authority " means a local authority, a develop-
ment corporation or the Scottish Special Housing
Association ;
" land " includes any estate or interest in land ;
" local authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section
1 of the Act of 1966 ;
" overspill agreement " , has the same meaning as in section
9(1) of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland)
Act 1957 ;
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 885
" the relevant date " in relation to any period means the PART VII
date occurring six months after the beginning of that
period ;
" rental period means a period in respect of which a pay-
ment of rent falls to be made ;
46 Scottish Special Housing Association house " means a
house owned by the Scottish Special Housing Associa-
tion and available to them for the purpose of providing
rented accommodation and " the number of Scottish
Special Housing Association houses " for any period
means the number of such houses on the relevant date ;
" a service charge " means any charge referred to in section
32 of this Act ;
" standard rent " means, in relation to a local authority, the
rent payable in respect of a house to which the housing
revenue account relates before account is taken of any
rent rebate, service charge or supplementary charge
and, in relation to a development corporation or the
Scottish Special Housing Associations, means the rent
payable in respect of a development corporation house
or a Scottish Special Housing Association house before
account is taken of any rent rebate or any sums pay-
able for services or furniture ; and the income receiv-
able from the standard rent of a house for any period
means the income which would be received for that
period if the house were let throughout that period and
the rent were paid in full ;
" supplementary charge " has the meaning assigned to it
by section 33 (3) of this Act ;
66
tenant " includes a joint -tenant and a sub-tenant ;
" year " means, in relation to a local authority, a financial
year within the meaning of section 174 of the Local 1947 c. 43.
Government (Scotland) Act 1947 and, in relation to a
development corporation, the Scottish Special Housing
Association or a housing association, means a year
ending on 31st March ;
" the year 1972-73 " means the year beginning in 1972 and
ending in 1973, and so on .
( 2) In this Act any reference to an amount per house or an
amount of income per house or an amount of expenditure per
house shall be construed as a reference, in the case of a local
authority, to an aggregate amount for a period divided by the
number of houses to which the local authority's housing revenue
account relates for that period and, in the case of a development
corporation or the Scottish Special Housing Association, as a
reference to an aggregate amount for a period divided by the
number of development corporation houses or the Scottish
Special Housing Association houses for that period.
886 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland )Act 1972
PART VII
( 3) In this Act any reference to houses to which the housing
revenue account relates shall be construed as a reference to
houses completed and available to a local authority for the
purpose of providing rented accommodation and in respect of
which income and expenditure is to be accounted for in that
account in accordance with section 23 of this Act, and any
reference to the number of such houses for any period shall be
construed as a reference to the number of houses on the relevant
date.
( 4) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed,
except where the context otherwise requires, as references to that
enactment as amended, and as including references thereto as
applied, by any other enactment, including any enactment
contained in this Act.
Minor and
79.-( 1) The enactments specified in Schedule 9 to this Act
consequential shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in that
amendments,
transitional
Schedule, being minor amendments and amendments consequen-
provisions
tial on the foregoing provisions of this Act.
and repeals.
( 2) The transitional provisions contained in Schedule 10 to
this Act shall have effect.
( 3) The enactments specified in Schedule 11 to this Act
are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column
of that Schedule, but subject to any provision at the end of any
Part of that Schedule, and subject to the provisions of Schedules
8 and 10 to this Act.
Financial
provisions.
80.-( 1) There shall be paid out of money provided by
Parliament-
( a) any expenses of the Secretary of State under this Act,
and
( b) any increase in the sums payable out of money provided
by Parliament under any Act other than this Act which
is attributable to any provision of this Act.
(2) There shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund-
( a) any payments to be made to, or to be recoverable by,
the Secretary of State under this Act, and
( b) any increase in the sums so payable under any Act other
than this Act which is attributable to any provision
of this Act.
Citation,
commence-
ment and
extent.
81.-( 1 ) This Act may be cited as the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972.
( 2 ) The Housing (Scotland ) Acts 1966 to 1971 and this Act
(except Part V ) may be cited together as the Housing ( Scotland )
Acts 1966 to 1972, and the Rent (Scotland) Act 1971 and Part V
of this Act may be cited together as the Rent (Scotland) Acts
1971 and 1972.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c .46 887
( 3) Except as otherwise expressly provided, this Act shall
come into force at the expiration of a period of one month
beginning with the date on which it is passed :
Provided that the Secretary of State may by order made by
statutory instrument bring any provision of this Act into force,
except any provision which expressly provides otherwise, before
the expiration of the said period of one month.
( 4) Any reference in any provision of this Act to the coming
into force of this Act shall be construed as a reference to the
date on which that provision comes into force .
(5) This Act shall extend to Scotland only .
PART VII
888 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
Sections 2, 8 and
52.
SCHEDULES
SCHEDULE 1
ENACTMENTS RELATING TO EXISTING CONTRIBUTION SYSTEM
PART I
Payments to Local Authorities
Chapter Act Section
1919 c. 60. The Housing, Town Planning,
etc. (Scotland) Act 1919. Section 5 so far as the pay-
ments thereunder relate to
houses to which the housing
revenue account relates.
1923 с. 24.
1924 c. 35. The Housing, etc. Act 1923.
The Housing ( Financial Provi-
sions) Act 1924.
Section 1 .
Section 2 as originally enacted
and as amended by section
1 of the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland ) Act
1933 and so far as the pay-
ments thereunder relate to
houses to which the housing
revenue account relates.
1930 c. 40. The Housing (Scotland) Act Section 23 as originally
1930. enacted and as amended by
section 32 of the Housing
( Scotland) Act 1935.
1931 c. 39. The Housing ( Rural Authori- Section 1 .
ties) Act 1931 .
1935 c. 41 . The Housing ( Scotland) Act
1935. Section 30.
1938 c. 38. The Housing ( Agricultural Section 1 .
Population) (Scotland) Act
1938.
1938 с. 3. The Housing (Financial Provi- Section 1 .
sions) (Scotland) Act 1938.
1950 c. 34. The Housing ( Scotland ) Act
1950.
Section 84 as originally
enacted and as amended by
sections 1 and 2 of the
Housing (Scotland ) Act
1952.
Section 85 as originally
enacted and as amended by
section 5 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1952.
Sections 86, 88 and 91 .
1957 c. 38. The Housing and Town
Sections 2, 3 and 4.
Development (Scotland) Act
1957.
1962 c. 28.
The Housing ( Scotland ) Act
Sections 1 to 7.
1962.
1968 c. 31 .
The Housing ( Financial Provi-
sions) ( Scotland) Act 1968 .
Sections 2,4 to 10, 22(1)(a) and
58( 4 ) so far as the payments
made under section 58( 4)
were originally made under
any of the other enactments
referred to in this Part of
this Schedule.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46
889
PART II
Payments to Development Corporations
Chapter
1950 c. 34.
Act Section
The Housing (Scotland ) Act
Section 87(3) .
1950.
1957 c. 38. The Housing and Town
Sections 2(2)(f) , 3 and 4.
Development (Scotland) Act
1957 .
1962 c. 28.
The Housing (Scotland) Act
1962.
1968 c. 31. The Housing (Financial Provi-
sions) (Scotland) Act 1968 .
Sections 1 , 2(1)(c) and 2(2)(b) .
Sections 4 to 7.
Sections 2, 4, 6, 7, 9, 10 and
58( 4 ) so far as the payments
made under section 58( 4)
were originally made under
any of the other enactments
referred to in this Part of
this Schedule.
SCH. 1
PART III
Payments from Secretary of State to the Scottish Special
Housing Association
Chapter
1938 с. 3. Act
Section
The Housing ( Financial Provi- Section 2.
sions) ( Scotland) Act 1938.
1950 с. 34. The Housing ( Scotland ) Act Section 93 .
1950.
1957 с. 38. The Housing and Town Section 23 .
Development (Scotland) Act
1957 .
1962 c. 28 . The Housing ( Scotland ) Act
Sections 1 , 2( 1 )(d) .
1962.
Sections 5, 6, 7.
1968 c. 31 . The Housing (Financial Provi- Sections 2, 4, 6, 7, 10, 26 and
sions) (Scotland) Act 1968.
58( 4) so far as the payments
made under section 58( 4)
were originally made under
any of the other enactments
referred to in this Part of
this Schedule.
PART IV
Local authority grants to the Scottish Special Housing
Association linked with payments by Secretary of State
Chapter Act
Section
1935 c. 41. The Housing (Scotland) Act Section 26.
1935.
PART V
Paymentsfrom Secretary of State to Housing Associations
Chapter Act Section
1919 c. 60. The Housing, Town Planning Section 16.
etc. (Scotland) Act 1919.
1938 c. 3 .
The Housing (Financial Provi- Section 2.
1962 c. 28. The Housing (Scotland) Act
sions) ( Scotland ) Act 1938.
1962 . Sections 1 and 2.
890 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 1
PART VI
Local Authority Grants to Housing Associations linked with
Payments by Secretary of State
Chapter
1924 c. 35.
Act Section
The Housing (Financial Provi- Section 2 so far as the pay-
sions) Act 1924. ments thereunder relate to
houses provided by housing
associations .
Section 26.
1935 c. 41 . The Housing ( Scotland) Act
1935.
1950 c. 34. The Housing (Scotland) Act Section 87(1 ).
1950.
1957 c. 38. The Housing and Town Sections 2, 3 and 4.
Development (Scotland) Act
1957.
1962 c. 28. The Housing (Scotland ) Act
Sections 2, 4, 5, 6 and 7.
1962.
1968 c. 31 . The Housing (Financial Provi- Sections 2, 4, 6, 7, 9 and 10.
sions) (Scotland) Act 1968.
Section 17. SCHEDULE 2
COMPUTATION OF REBATES AND ALLOWANCES
PART I
GENERAL
Introductory
1.- (1 ) The rebate or allowance to which a tenant is entitled under
a scheme shall be a weekly amount calculated in accordance with
this Schedule by reference to-
( a ) an amount to be allowed for the needs of the tenant and of
any spouse of the tenant or dependent child of the tenant
or his spouse ( " the needs allowance ") ;
(b ) the income of the tenant and of any such spouse ;
( c ) the amount of the rent ;
(d ) a minimum weekly rent ;
( e ) a minimum and maximum rebate or allowance ;
( f ) amounts to be deducted for non- dependants.
( 2) The amounts listed in sub-paragraph (1) above (other than the
amount of the rent ) shall be ascertained in accordance with this
Schedule.
( 3) A scheme shall not apply to rent payable in respect of any
part of a rental period before the date on which the scheme is made
or, if it is expressed to come into force after that date, before the
date on which it is expressed to come into force .
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 891
( 4 ) No person shall be entitled to benefit under more than one
scheme.
2. In this Schedule-
" dependent child " means a person who resides in the house
occupied by the tenant and whose requirements are provided
for, in whole or in part, by the tenant or his spouse and
who is either under the age of sixteen or of or over that
age but receiving full-time instruction at any university,
college or other educational establishment ;
" full-time instruction at an educational establishment " includes
a reference to a person undergoing training for any trade,
profession or vocation in such circumstances that he is
required to devote the whole of his time to the training for
a period of not less than two years ;
" married couple " includes a man and a woman who lives with
him as his wife, but does not include a man and wife
who are living apart, and " wife " and, subject to paragraph
9(2) (j) below, " spouse shall be construed accordingly ;
" non-dependant " means, in relation to a tenant, any person who
resides in the house occupied by the tenant, other than the
tenant himself, except a spouse of the tenant and a depen-
dent child of the tenant or his spouse.
3.- (1 ) Where any sum which is payable or calculated otherwise
than as a weekly amount falls to be taken into account for the pur-
poses of this Schedule, it shall be converted into the weekly amount
which represents it, and that amount shall be treated as the relevant
amount for those purposes ; and accordingly in this Schedule refer-
ences to " weekly rent " and " weekly income " are references to the
amount which represents the rent or the income as so converted.
( 2) Where an authority for administrative convenience arrange for
the year's rent to be paid irregularly, or so that no rent is payable
for or collected in certain periods, or so that rent for different periods
in the year is of different amounts, the provisions of this Schedule
shall be applied, and all calculations shall be made, by reference to
the rent which would have been paid if the arrangements had not
been made.
4.- (1) An authority may treat as a sole tenant for the purposes
of this Schedule one of two or more joint tenants, and in that case,
subject to sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, every joint tenant who resides
in the tenant's house and is not so treated shall be treated as a non-
dependant for those purposes .
(2) Neither the spouse nor a dependent child of a tenant shall be
treated as a non-dependant by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) above.
5.- (1 ) If some person who resides in the house occupied by the
tenant appears to an authority to have a higher income than the
tenant and the authority have grounds for considering that in the
special circumstances of the case it would be reasonable to make
their calculations under this Schedule by reference to the income of
that other person and not of the tenant, they may treat that other
SCH. 2
892 1968 с. 49.
1972 с. 51 .
c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 2 person as the tenant and make such payments of rebate or allow-
ance (if any ) as ought to be made on that basis.
( 2 ) Where an authority exercise the power conferred on them by
sub-paragraph (1) above, the tenant shall be treated as a non-
dependant for the purposes of this Schedule, but neither the spouse
nor a dependent child of the person who is treated as the tenant
shall be treated as a non-dependant for those purposes.
6. In the following provisions of this Schedule " tenant " includes
a person treated as a tenant under paragraph 4 or 5 above or para-
graph 1 of Schedule 3 below.
7. Any question whether a person is a sub-tenant of the tenant or
a non-dependant shall be determined, for the purposes of any scheme,
by the authority who made the scheme.
Needs allowance
8.- (1) Subject to sub-paragraph (2 ) below, the needs allowance
for each week is-
( a ) for an individual person who has no dependent
children
( b) for a married couple........
. £10-50 ;
.£14-75 ;
( c ) for an individual person who has a dependent child
or children
.£14-75 ;
(d ) for each dependent child of a tenant or his spouse ...... £2-75 ;
( 2 ) The needs allowance for each week is-
( a ) for an individual person who has no dependent
children and who is a chronically sick or disabled
person .£11 · 75 ;
( b) for a married couple, one of whom is a chroni-
cally sick or disabled person . £16-00 ;
( c ) for an individual person who is a chronically sick or
disabled person and who has a dependent child or
children . £16-00 ;
( d ) for a married couple, both of whom are chronically
sick or disabled persons
.. £ 16.75 .
( 3 ) In sub-paragraph (2) above, any reference to a chronically sick
or disabled person is a reference to a person in need under section
12 of the Social Work ( Scotland ) Act 1968 as read with section 1 of
the Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons ( Scotland ) Act 1972.
Income of tenant and spouse
9.- (1) The weekly income of the tenant and any spouse of the
tenant shall be ascertained for the purposes of this Schedule by
taking the amount which the authority have assessed under Schedule
3 below as likely to be their income during the rebate period or, as
the case may be, the allowance period and disregarding any item
mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2) below which is included in that
income .
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland) Act 1972 c. 46 893
( 2 ) The items to be disregarded are-
SCH. 2
( a ) any amount paid to the tenant by a sub-tenant to whom he
has sub- let part of his house in respect of rent payable by
the sub- tenant by reason of his occupation of the house ;
( b) any payment made to the tenant or his spouse by a dependent
child of his or of his spouse or by a non-dependant ;
( c ) in the case of a married couple £2.50 of the earnings of a
woman who is either the tenant or the tenant's wife ;
( d ) any sums payable under section 49 of the Education (Scot- 1962 с. 47.
land) Act 1962 (financial assistance for education) ;
(e) any attendance allowance ;
( f ) any sums payable to any person as holder of the Victoria
Cross or of the George Cross ;
( g ) any benefit under the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 ; 1966 c. 20.
( h ) £2.00 of any of the following, namely-
(i ) a war disablement pension ;
( ii ) industrial disablement benefit ;
(iii) an old cases allowance ;
(iv ) any payment which the Secretary of State accepts
as being analogous to a payment mentioned in sub-
paragraphs (i) to (iii) above ;
(i ) £2.00 of so much of-
(i ) a widow's pension under section 19(3) of the
National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 1965 с. 52.
payable by virtue of paragraphs (a ) to (e) thereof ;
(ii) a special widow's pension (not including any
allowance in respect of children) ; ;
(iii) any payment which the Secretary of State accepts
as being analogous to a payment mentioned in sub-
paragraph (i) or ( ii) above,
as exceeds the rate specified in Schedule 3 to the National 1965 c. 51
Insurance Act 1965 for a widow's pension under that Act ;
( j ) £2.00 of any voluntary payment other than a payment made
by a person who is not a non- dependant for the maintenance
of his spouse ( including a spouse with whom he is not living)
or his former spouse or his children.
( 3) The total disregard under paragraphs ( h) to ( j ) of sub-para-
graph (2) above shall in no case exceed £2.00, and where a number
of voluntary payments ( other than payments for maintenance such
as are mentioned in paragraph ( j) above) are received, they shall be
treated as if they were one payment for the purposes of that
paragraph.
( 4 ) In sub-paragraph (2) above-
" attendance allowance " and war disablement pension " have
the meanings assigned to them by any regulations for the
time being in force under the Family Income Supplements 1970 c. 55.
Act 1970 ;
894 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland )Act 1972
SCH. 2
1965 с. 52.
1967 с. 34.
1916 с. 65.
1917 с. 51 .
1939 с. 82.
1939 с. 83.
1947 с. 19.
1951 с. 8.
1969 с. 65.
1914 с. 30.
1914 с. 18.
1915 с. 24.
" industrial disablement benefit " means any weekly payment
of disablement benefit under the National Insurance ( Indus-
trial Injuries) Act 1965 ;
" old cases allowance " means a weekly payment made under a
scheme having effect by virtue of the Industrial Injuries
and Diseases (Old Cases) Act 1967 ;
" special widow's pension " means-
( a) any widow's pension or allowance granted under
powers conferred by or under the Ministry of Pensions Act
1916, the Air Force (Constitution) Act 1917, the Personal
Injuries (Emergency Provisions) Act 1939, the Pensions
( Navy, Army, Air Force and Mercantile Marine) Act
1939, the Polish Resettlement Act 1947, the Home Guard
Act 1951 or the Ulster Defence Regiment Act 1969 ;
(b) a pension or allowance for a widow granted under
any scheme made under the Injuries in War (Compensa-
tion ) Act 1914, the Injuries in War Compensation Act
1914 (Session 2 ), or the Injuries in War (Compensation )
Act 1915 or under any War Risk Compensation Scheme
for the Mercantile Marine.
( 5 ) The Secretary of State may accept a payment as being
analogous to a payment mentioned in sub-paragraph (2 ) above-
(a ) by directing authorities in general to regard payments of that
description as analogous for the purposes of this Schedule ;
or
( b) by notifying an authority that he accepts such a payment as
analogous for those purposes.
Amount of rebate or allowance
10.- (1) In this Schedule " minimum weekly rent " means, subject
to sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) below, £1.00 or 40 per cent. of the
weekly rent, whichever is the greater.
( 2) In any case where the weekly income of the tenant and
his spouse is less than the needs allowance, “ minimum weekly rent "
means the amount calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph ( 1)
above less an amount equal to 25 per cent. of the difference between
the needs allowance and the weekly income .
( 3) In any case where the reduction under sub-paragraph (2) above
would be equal to or greater than £1.00 or 40 per cent. of the weekly
rent, whichever is the greater, the minimum weekly rent shall be
zero.
11 .- (1) The amount of rebate or allowance to be granted shall
be an amount calculated in accordance with this paragraph but less
any sum in respect of non-dependants as mentioned in paragraph 12
below, and subject in any event to paragraphs 13, 14 and 16 below.
( 2 ) If the weekly income of the tenant and his spouse is equal to or
less than the needs allowance, the rebate or allowance shall be equal
to the amount, if any, by which the weekly rent exceeds the minimum
weekly rent.
( 3) In any case where the weekly income exceeds the needs
allowance, the rebate or allowance shall be calculated in accordance
with sub-paragraphs ( 4) and (5) below.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 895
( 4 ) There shall be added-
( a ) an amount equal to the minimum weekly rent ;
( b) an amount equal to 17 per cent. of the difference between
the weekly income and the needs allowance.
( 5 ) If the sum produced under sub-paragraph ( 4 ) is less than the
weekly rent, the rebate or allowance shall be equal to the difference
between the weekly rent and that sum.
12.- (1) The deductions from a rebate or allowance in respect of
non- dependants are for each week-
(a ) for each person aged 18 years or more, but under
21 years and neither undergoing full-time
instruction at an educational establishment nor
in receipt of supplementary benefit
... £1.00 ;
( b ) for each person aged 21 years or more, but under
pensionable age and neither undergoing full- time
instruction at an educational establishment nor
in receipt of supplementary benefit except in the
case mentioned in paragraph (e) below
... £1.50 ;
( c ) for each person in receipt of supplementary
benefit... ... ... ... ... £0.70 ;
( d ) for each person of pensionable age not in receipt
of supplementary benefit, except in the case
mentioned in paragraph ( e) below... ... £ 0-70 ;
(e ) for a married couple where the husband is of pen-
sionable age and not in receipt of supplementary
benefit £ 0.70.
... ... ... ... ...
( 2 ) If any person is in receipt of supplementary benefit for him-
self and also for his spouse, they shall be treated as one person for
the purposes of this paragraph.
Minimum and maximum rebate and allowance
13. If the amount of a rebate or allowance as calculated in
accordance with this Schedule would be less than 20p, an authority
may or may not grant the rebate or allowance, as they think fit.
14. If the amount of a rebate or allowance as so calculated would
exceed £6.50 the excess shall not be granted .
Treatment of fractional amounts
15. The amount of any rebate or allowance shall be calculated
to the nearest new penny by disregarding an odd amount of half a
new penny or less, and by treating an odd amount exceeding half
a new penny as a whole new penny.
Additional rebate
16.- (1 ) A local authority may grant to any person an additional
rebate of such an amount and for such period and subject to such
conditions as the Secretary of State may by general or particular
direction provide beginning with the first rental period after their
rebate scheme comes into operation if-
SCH. 2
896 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 2 ( a ) the whole or part of that person's rent under the tenancy
was met for the immediately preceding rental period by a
rebate granted by virtue of arrangements for such rebates
made under section 151( 4) of the Act of 1966 ; and
( b ) the condition mentioned in sub-paragraph (2 ) below is
satisfied in his case.
( 2 ) The condition which must be satisfied in the case of any person
before he is granted an additional rebate by virtue of sub-paragraph
( 1) above is either-
( a ) that the rent remaining to be met by the tenant after taking
account of the amount of any rebate was less during the
rental period mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) ( a) above than
during the first rental period after a rebate scheme in
accordance with the provisions of the model scheme came
into operation, or-
( b) that the rebate granted for the rental period immediately
preceding that in which the relevant scheme under this
Act came into operation consisted of or included an
amount granted under a provision which in the opinion
of the Secretary of State was comparable to this parга-
graph.
( 3) Sub- paragraphs (1) and (2) above shall apply to a development
corporation and the Scottish Special Housing Association as they
apply to a local authority except that in sub-paragraph (1)(a ) the
words from " granted by " to " 1966 " shall be omitted.
Provisions applying only to computation of allowances
17 .- ( 1 ) For the purposes of the computation of allowances, the
foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall be modified in accordance
with sub-paragraph ( 2) below.
( 2 ) It shall be the duty of every authority, for the purpose of
computing the amount of an allowance-
( a ) if they consider that the tenant is in occupation of a house
larger than he reasonably requires, or
( b ) if they consider that, by virtue of the location of the tenant's
house, its rent is exceptionally high by comparison with
the rent payable under comparable private tenancies of
similar houses in the authority's district,
to consider whether they ought in all the circumstances to treat the
rent as reduced by an appropriate amount, and if in their opinion
they ought to treat it as reduced, to grant an allowance only in
respect of the rent as so reduced.
PART II
PERSONS RECEIVING SUPPLEMENTARY BENEFIT
18. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule have effect as
respects the amount of rebate or allowance to be granted to a
person for a week which is the ninth or any later week in any period
for which he, or any person whose income is to be aggregated with
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c .46 897
his under paragraph 9 of this Schedule, is in receipt of supple-
SCH. 2
mentary benefit.
19.- ( 1 ) The said amount shall be the amount if any by which
the weekly rent exceeds £1·00 or 40 per cent. of the weekly rent,
whichever is the greater, but less any sum in respect of non-
dependants as mentioned in paragraph 12 of this Schedule, and
subject to paragraphs 13, 14, 15 and 17 of this Schedule.
( 2 ) Paragraph 11 of this Schedule shall not apply where this
paragraph applies.
20.- (1) The last preceding paragraph shall not apply where,
assuming it did apply, the amount of supplementary benefit payable
for the week would fall to be reduced under paragraph 5 of Schedule
2 to the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 (adjustment of benefit 1966 c. 20.
to normal earnings), but Part I of this Schedule shall then apply
subject to the following provisions of this paragraph.
( 2) The weekly income of the tenant and any spouse of the tenant
shall be ascertained for the purposes of this Schedule by taking for
the rebate period or allowance period the amount of the gross weekly
income which the person in receipt of supplementary benefit would
have if he were engaged in full time work in his normal occupation,
and the amount of any gross income of the spouse, and disregarding
to the extent mentioned in paragraph ( 3) of this Schedule any item
mentioned in paragraph (2) of this Schedule which is included in
that income.
( 3) The amounts mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 2) above shall be
those amounts as estimated or determined by the Supplementary
Benefits Commission.
( 4 ) The preceding provisions of this paragraph shall be in substitu-
tion for paragraph (1) of this Schedule.
21.- (1 ) In this Schedule " period of supplementary benefit " means
acontinuous period for which the person in question is in receipt of
supplementary benefit, but the Secretary of State may give directions
as to the circumstances in which two periods of supplementary benefit
with a break between are to be regarded as one continuous period.
( 2) This Part of this Schedule applies whether or not the period of
supplementary benefit began before the coming into operation of
the scheme.
SCHEDULE 3
REBATES AND ALLOWANCES : PROCEDURE
PART I
GENERAL
Introductory
1 .- (1 ) Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, an authority
may pay a rebate or allowance at any time and in any manner that
they think fit.
Section17 .
2F
898 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 3 ( 2 ) Where in the case of a rental period exceeding one month a
local authority-
(a ) receive an application for a rebate or allowance ; or
( b ) determine under paragraph 5 or 6 below that the rebate
period or allowance period shall terminate ; or
( c ) determine under paragraph 5 or 6 below that the rebate
or allowance shall be altered ; or
( d ) receive an application for a further rebate or allowance
under paragraph 10 below,
the provisions of this Schedule shall have effect as if any reference
to a rental period were a reference to a period of one month and
as if the rental period had always been one month since the
commencement of the rental period.
( 3) Where an authority for administrative convenience arrange
for the year's rent to be paid irregularly, or so that no rent is
payable for or collected in certain periods, or so that rent for different
periods in the year is of different amounts, the provisions of this
Schedule shall be applied, and all calculations shall be made, by
reference to the rent which would have been paid if the arrangements
had not been made.
( 4 ) Where-
(a ) ahouse to which a local authority's housing revenue account
relates or a development corporation house or a Scottish
Special Housing Association house is let to one of two
spouses, or one of two spouses is a private tenant, and
(b) the house is not occupied by the tenant, and
( c ) the other spouse is in occupation of the house and has paid
the rent in respect of any rental period,
the authority may, if in their opinion it is reasonable to do so,
treat the spouse who has paid the rent as the tenant for the
purposes of this Schedule and grant a rebate, or, as the case may be,
an allowance accordingly.
( 5) In the following provisions of this Schedule " tenant " includes,
subject to paragraph 16(6 ) below, a person treated as a tenant under
this paragraph or paragraph 4 or 5 of Schedule 2 above.
( 6 ) In this paragraph " spouse " has the same meaning as in para-
graph 2 of Schedule 2 to this Act except that it includes a spouse
living apart, but otherwise in this Schedule " spouse " has the same
meaning as in the said paragraph 2.
Applications for rebates and allowances
2.- (1) When an authority receive an application for a rebate or
allowance whether before or after their rebate scheme or allow-
ance scheme comes into operation, it shall be their duty, subject to
sub-paragraph ( 2 ) below, to determine whether the applicant is
entitled to a rebate or an allowance and, if so, the amount to which
he is so entitled ; and they shall request him in writing to furnish
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 899
such information and such evidence as they may reasonably require for that purpose as to the following matters namely-
( a ) the persons who reside in the house occupied by him ;
( b) the rent and other charges in respect of any sub-letting of
the house ;
( c) his other income and, if he has a spouse, the income of his
spouse,
and shall include with the request a notice to the applicant of the duty
under paragraph 5 of this Schedule to report to the authority changes
of circumstances such as are mentioned in that paragraph.
( 2 ) An authority shall be under no duty to grant a rebate or an
allowance unless they are satisfied that the applicant has furnished
all such information and evidence as they require for the purpose
of determining whether he is entitled to a rebate or an allowance.
( 3) An application may be withdrawn at any time, and if an
application is withdrawn the authority shall upon the withdrawal
cease to be under any duty to make a determination on it, or to take
any further step in relation to it.
Assessment of income
3.- (1) If an authority are satisfied on an application for a rebate
or an allowance that the applicant is eligible for consideration for a
rebate or an allowance, it shall be their duty to assess the amount
which is likely to be the income of the applicant and of any spouse
of his during the rebate period or, as the case may be, the allowance
period .
( 2 ) In so far as a person's income consists of earnings from a
gainful occupation, the amount which is likely to be the income
shall be calculated or estimated by reference to the average of his
earnings from that occupation over a period ending with his last
pay-day before the application and being a period-
(a ) of five weeks, if he is paid weekly,
(b ) of two months, if he is paid monthly,
so, however, that in any case the authority may have regard to the
average of a person's earnings from a gainful occupation over such
other period or periods as appear to them to be appropriate in order
properly to assess the amount which is likely to be his income
during the rebate period or the allowance period, as the case may
be.
( 3) In so far as a person's earnings from any gainful occupation
comprise salary, wages or fees related to a fixed period, the gross
amount of his salary, wages or fees shall be taken into account ; and
in so far as a person's earnings from any gainful occupation do not
comprise salary, wages or fees related to a fixed period, the net
profit derived from that occupation shall be taken into account.
( 4 ) In so far as a person's income does not consist of earnings from
a gainful occupation, its weekly amount shall be calculated or
estimated, subject to sub- paragraph (5) below, on such basis as appears
to the authority to be appropriate in the circumstances of the
particular case.
2F2
SCH. 3
900 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland )Act 1972
SCH. 3 1965 с. 51 .
( 5) The Secretary of State may give directions to authorities in
general as to the manner in which they are to calculate the income
of persons who belong to classes of persons to whom payments are
made by virtue of any enactment which in his opinion are not
taxable and are of amounts calculated on the basis that they are
not taxable.
( 6 ) In this paragraph-
" net profit " means profit after deduction of expenses but
without deduction of income tax or of contributions payable
by him under the National Insurance Act 1965 except
contributions paid otherwise than as an insured person ; and
" pay-day " means an occasion on which earnings are paid.
(7 ) Where any amount which is payable or calculated otherwise
than as a weekly amount falls to be taken into account for the
purposes of this paragraph, it shall be converted into the weekly
amount which represents it , and that amount shall be treated as the
relevant amount for those purposes.
Rebate period and allowance period
4.- (1 ) Where a rebate or an allowance is first granted, the
rebate period or allowance period shall commence at the commence-
ment of the rental period in which the application for a rebate or an
allowance was received.
( 2 ) A rebate period and an allowance period shall end, subject
to paragraphs 5 and 6 below-
( a ) if the tenant is of pensionable age, not later than twelve
months after the date on which he was notified that his
application for a rebate or an allowance was granted ; and
( b ) in any other case, not later than six months after that date.
5.- (1 ) If at any time between the making of an application for a
rebate or an allowance and any determination made on that applica-
tion there is a change of circumstances such that the applicant may be
reasonably expected to know that it may reduce the amount to
which he is entitled, it shall be the duty of the applicant to notify the
authority of that change.
(2) If after a rebate or an allowance has been granted to a tenant
and before the end of the rebate period or allowance period there
is a change of circumstances such that the tenant may be reasonably
expected to know that it may affect his entitlement or reduce the
amount to which he is entitled, it shall be the duty of the tenant to
notify the authority of that change.
( 3) If during a rebate period or an allowance period an authority
receive a notification of a change of circumstances under sub-
paragraph (2 ) above, or consider, without receiving such a notification,
that there has been such a change in the tenant's circumstances as
will affect the tenant's entitlement or reduce the amount to which
he is entitled, the authority shall determine, according to the cir-
cumstances, either that the period shall terminate on a date earlier
than it would otherwise terminate or that the amount of rebate
or allowance shall be altered in respect of such rental period or
periods as they consider appropriate.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c . 46 901
6.- (1 ) If during a rebate period or an allowance period an
authority receive from a tenant a notification of a change of circum-
stances relating to him which might entitle him to a higher rebate
or allowance, the authority, if they are of the opinion, after obtain-
ing and considering such information and evidence as they require,
that the tenant is entitled to a higher rebate or allowance, shall
determine, according to the circumstances, either that the period
shall terminate on a date earlier than that on which it would other-
wise terminate, or that the amount of rebate or allowance shall be
increased in respect of any rental period or periods commencing after
the date on which the circumstances changed.
( 2) If an authority determine under sub-paragraph (1) above that
a rebate period or allowance period ought to terminate, they shall
invite the tenant to submit a further application for a rebate, or, as
the case may be, an allowance.
7. If there is such an alteration in the terms of a rebate scheme
or allowance scheme or in the rent as to affect the amount of
rebate or allowance to which a tenant is entitled, the authority
shall make such alterations as may be appropriate in the amount
of his rebate or allowance.
8. It shall not be the duty of an authority to alter a rebate or
allowance under paragraph 5, 6 or 7 above if the alteration would be
equal to or less than 20 new pence.
9. Without prejudice to any other right to recover the amount of
any rebate or allowance which has been wrongly granted, where any
person has received a rebate or allowance to which he was not
entitled, it may be recovered from him by deduction from sums
which would otherwise be granted to him by way of rebate or
allowance.
Application for further rebate or allowance
10.- ( 1) A tenant to whom a rebate or allowance has been granted
may apply to the authority for a further rebate or allowance
commencing with the first rental period after the end of the current
rebate period or allowance period.
( 2) An application under sub - paragraph (1) above need not be
entertained if it is made more than one month before the end
of the current period .
( 3) If the application is made not later than one month after
the end of that period, the new rebate period or allowance period
shall commence with the first rental period to commence after the
end of the former rebate or allowance period.
( 4) If the application is made at any later date, the new period
shall commence with the first rental period after the date of the
application:
Provided that the authority may, if in their opinion the circum-
stances are exceptional, allow the new period to commence with
the first rental period to commence after the end of the former
rebate or allowance period.
( 5 ) Subject to this paragraph, the provisions of this Schedule
shall apply on an application for a further rebate or allowance
as they apply on a first application.
2F3
SCH. 3
902 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 3
Transitional
11. Where
( a ) the whole or part of a person's rent under a tenancy was met
by a rebate for the rental period immediately preceding that
in which the rebate scheme under this Act of the authority
who granted him that rebate comes into operation ; and
(b ) the terms on which the rebate was granted for that rental
period are identical with those on which rebates are to
be granted under the rebate scheme under this Act, or
conform with directions made by the Secretary of State,
the authority may treat him, for all the purposes of this Schedule or
Schedule 2 to this Act, as if he were a person to whom they had
granted under this Act a rebate for the first rental period after the
rebate scheme under this Act came into operation.
Provisions applying only to allowances
12.- (1) An authority may require from any person who has
applied for or who is in receipt of an allowance evidence
(a ) of his interest in the house in respect of which his application
was made or the allowance is paid ;
( b ) of the rent paid for the house in respect of the rental period
in which his application was made or any other rental period
in the allowance period.
(2) An authority may terminate an allowance period or pay the
allowance to the tenant's landlord for any rental period within the
allowance period if they are satisfied that the tenant is not paying
rent regularly to his landlord or if the tenant is unable to show the
amount of rent paid in respect of any rental period within the
allowance period.
( 3) In paying an allowance, an authority-
( a ) shall comply with such general or particular directions as
the Secretary of State may from time to time give as to the
frequency of payment ;
(b) shall have regard, subject to sub-paragraph (2 ) above, to the
reasonable needs and convenience of the tenant.
13. The authority may withhold an allowance where the landlord
of a private tenant is residing with the tenant, or where the landlord
is a member of the family of a private tenant and it appears to the
authority that the tenancy was created to take advantage of any
allowance scheme.
14. In ascertaining the amount of an allowance the authority shall
have regard, where the rent is registered, to any amount noted on
the register in pursuance of section 43(1A ) of the Act of 1971 .
15.- (1) In ascertaining the amount of an allowance the authority
shall disregard-
(a ) where the rent is payable under a controlled tenancy, any
rent paid in excess of the rent limit under Part V of the
Act of 1971 ,
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c . 46 903
( b ) where the rent is payable under a regulated tenancy and a
rent is registered for the dwelling-house, any rent paid in
excess of the rent limit under Part III of the Act of 1971
or in excess of the amount which is for the time being
recoverable under Schedule 13 to the Act of 1971 or under
Schedule 6 to this Act,
(c) where the rent is payable under such a tenancy as is described
in paragraph (b) above, but no rent is registered for the
dwelling-house, or where the rent is payable under such a
tenancy as is described in paragraph (d ) below and the rent
limit is determined under section 62( 3) of this Act, and the
authority are not satisfied that the rent paid is equal to
or less than the fair rent, as estimated by the authority,
any rent paid in excess of that estimated fair rent,
( d ) where the rent is payable under a tenancy to which sections
60 to 66 of this Act apply and the rent limit is not deter-
mined under section 62( 3) of this Act, any rent paid in
excess of the rent limit under those sections,
( e ) where there is in operation, with respect to the dwelling-
house, any such condition relating to rent as is described
in section 40( 5 ) of the Act of 1971 (conditions attached to
financial assistance for housing ), any rent paid in excess
of any limit of rent imposed by the conditions,
( f ) where the rent is not payable under a regulated or con-
trolled tenancy or a tenancy to which sections 60 to 66 of
this Act apply and the authority are not satisfied that the
rent is equal to or less than the fair rent as estimated by
the authority which would be determined if the tenancy
were subject to rent regulation, any rent paid in excess of
that estimated rent.
( 2 ) Nothing in sub-paragraph (1) above shall affect the operation
of paragraph 17 of Schedule 2 to this Act.
(3) Where after paying any rent a tenant becomes entitled, under
section 31 of the Act of 1971 or otherwise, to recover part of that
rent as being in excess of any such limit as is described in sub-
paragraph ( 1) above, the authority shall ascertain what the amount
of the allowance would have been if the tenant had not paid the
rent he is entitled to recover ; and the excess of the allowance actually
granted over that amount shall be treated for the purposes of para-
graph 9 of this Schedule as an allowance which has been wrongly
granted .
( 4 ) Expressions used in this paragraph and in the Act of 1971
have the same meaning in this paragraph as in that Act.
General duty of authority as to determinations
16.- (1) It shall be the duty of an authority to notify a tenant
in writing of every determination which they make under their rebate
scheme or allowance scheme in relation to him .
( 2) A tenant may make representations to an authority concern-
ing a determination which they make in relation to him, and if an
authority receive such a representation from a tenant within one
2F4
SCH . 3
904 1966 с. 20.
c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 3
month of their notification to him of such a determination they shall
consider the representation and may alter or confirm the determina-
tion acording to the circumstances, and if they alter or confirm it
they shall notify the tenant in writing of their reasons for doing so.
( 3) Every notification of a determination shall include a notice
to the tenant explaining the provisions of sub-paragraph ( 2) above.
( 4 ) When an authority determine to treat as the tenant , in pursu-
ance of paragraph 5 of Schedule 2 above, a person who is not the
tenant within the meaning of section 22 of this Act, it shall be their
duty to notify of that determination both the person who will fall to
be treated as the tenant as a result of the determination and the
person who would have been considered eligible for a rebate or an
allowance but for the determination.
( 5) When an authority determine to treat as the tenant, in pursu-
ance of paragraph 4 of Schedule 2 above or paragraph 1 of this
Schedule, a person who is not the tenant or, as the case may be, not
the sole tenant, within the meaning of section 22 of this Act, it shall
be their duty to notify of that determination the person who will fall
to be treated as the tenant as a result of it and to take such (if any)
steps as they consider reasonable to notify of the determination the
person or persons who would have been considered eligible for a
rebate or an allowance but for the determination.
( 6) The references to the tenant in sub-paragraphs (2) and (3)
above shall accordingly be construed as including every person to
whom sub- paragraph ( 4 ) or (5 ) above applies.
( 7 ) Where an authority notify a tenant of a determination to grant
him a rebate or an allowance their notification shall state the amount
of the rebate or allowance granted, the rebate period or allowance
period and the circumstances in which the amount or the period
may be altered, and draw his attention to the duty imposed on him
by paragraph 5( 2) above.
PART II
PERSONS IN RECEIPT OF SUPPLEMENTARY BENEFIT
17.- (1) The Secretary of State may give directions, either generally
or in any particular case, as to the application of Part II of this
Act (including the last preceding Schedule and this Schedule) to
persons who may be entitled to receive supplementary benefit or are
or have been in receipt of such benefit, and to persons whose income
or resources have been or may be aggregated for the purposes of this
Act, or of the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966, with those of
persons who may be entitled to receive supplementary benefit or
are or have been in receipt of such benefit.
( 2) Directions under this paragraph may in particular make
provision as to-
( a ) the beginning or ending of any rebate or allowance period ;
( b) the procedures to be adopted in cases where a person is or
may be entitled both to a rent rebate or a rent allowance
and to supplementary benefit , and the method of disposing
of any application for rent rebate or rent allowance which
is pending when a person becomes entitled to supplementary
benefit ; and
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c . 46 905
( c ) the method of dealing with cases where it is difficult to
ascertain whether a person has been in receipt of supple-
mentary benefit for more than eight weeks.
( 3) Any direction under this paragraph shall have effect notwith-
standing anything in Part I of this Schedule.
18.- (1) An authority shall not, under this Schedule, require
the tenant, as respects any period for which he is in receipt of
supplementary benefit, to give any information to the authority,
other than such information as may for the time being be specified
for the purposes of this paragraph by any direction given by the
Secretary of State, either generally or in any particular case.
( 2) An authority shall afford to the Secretary of State such
information in their possession as he may require to give effect
to the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 as amended by this Act,
and the Secretary of State and the Supplementary Benefits Com-
mission shall afford to every authority such information concerning
claims for, and payments of, supplementary benefit as the authority
may require to give effect to Schedule 2 to this Act and this Schedule.
( 3) Without prejudice to the generality of sub-paragraph (2) above,
where the authority are to ascertain the amounts specified in para-
graph 20 (2) of Schedule 2 to this Act for a person who is in receipt
of supplementary benefit, whether in the first eight weeks or
later (or for a person whose income is to be aggregated with that
of a person in receipt of supplementary benefit ) it shall be the duty
of the Commission to notify the authority of those amounts as
estimated or determined by the Commission and to supply the
authority with such particulars of the resources of the tenant and
any spouse as will enable the authority to ascertain the weekly
income of the tenant and any spouse.
( 4 ) An authority and the Secretary of State may from time to
time enter into any arrangements for purposes of administrative
convenience which, without affecting the total relief available to any
tenant-
( a ) authorise the authority to grant a rebate or allowance
greater than, or less than, the amount required by or under
the authority's scheme, or to grant, or refrain from granting,
a rebate or allowance where the provisions of the scheme
provide otherwise, and
(b ) require the authority to pay to the Secretary of State such
amount, estimated in a manner determined by the arrange-
ments, as reflects any liability to give relief to the tenant
transferred by the arrangements from the authority to the
Secretary of State,
and where any arrangements within paragraph (a) above were made
in the period from the beginning of the year 1972-73 until the coming
into force of this Act, the authority shall have power to pay to the
Secretary of State such amount in respect of any liability to give
relief to the tenant transferred by the arrangements to the Secretary
of State as may be determined by them on a formula agreed with
the Secretary of State.
SCH. 3
1966 с. 20.
906 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 3
Section 23.
1949 с. 101 .
1950 с. 34.
(5) Without prejudice to paragraph 17 above, the Secretary of
State may give directions to authorities in general or any individual
authority or description of authority requiring them in such cases
and circumstances as may be specified in the direction to grant a
rebate or allowance greater than, or less than, the amount required
by or under their scheme, or to grant, or refrain from granting, a
rebate or allowance where the provisions of the scheme provide
otherwise, and to pay to the Secretary of State such amount, to be
estimated in such manner as may be so specified, as reflects any
liability to give relief to the authority's tenants which is transferred
in accordance with the directions from the authority to the Secretary
of State.
( 6) Any reference in this Act to the amount of rebates or
allowances granted by an authority for a year or other period shall
include an amount which in the opinion of the Secretary of State
represents the rebates or allowances which would have been granted
but for any arrangements under sub-paragraph ( 4) or directions under
sub - paragraph (5) above, estimated in such manner as the Secretary
of State may direct ; and a corresponding adjustment shall be made in
arriving at the amount to be treated for any purpose of this Act as
an authority's standard amount of rent rebates or rent allowances .
SCHEDULE 4
THE HOUSING REVENUE ACCOUNT
Credits
1.- (1 ) For each year a local authority shall carry to the credit of
the housing revenue account amounts equal to-
(a ) the income receivable by the local authority from standard
rents ;
( b ) any income receivable by the local authority for that year
in respect of service charges, supplementary charges ,
feuduties and any other charges in respect of houses and
other property to which the account relates ;
( c ) the following subsidies, if any, payable to the local authority
for that year, that is-
(i ) the residual subsidy, excluding any subsidy pay-
able under section 2(7)(b) of this Act,
(ii ) the housing expenditure subsidy,
(iii) the high cost subsidy ;
(d ) any contribution out of the general rate fund associated with
either of the subsidies referred to in sub-paragraph ( c ) (ii )
and (iii) above which is made by the local authority for that
year ;
(e ) any contribution payable to the local authority for that year
in respect of houses or other property to which the account
relates under any of the following enactments ( which relate
to contributions out of money provided by Parliament
towards costs of improvement and conversions), that is
(i ) section 2 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1949,
(ii) section 105 of the Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1950,
(iii ) section 13 of the Act of 1968 ;
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 с . 46 907
( f ) any contribution payable to the local authority for that SCH. 4
year under section 59 of the Act of 1969 towards expendi-
ture incurred by them on property to which the account
relates under section 58 of that Act (powers of local authority
in respect of improvement of amenities of residential areas) ;
( g ) any payments received by the local authority from another
local authority in pursuance of any overspill agreement,
being payments such as are mentioned in paragraph 2( e)
of this Schedule ;
( h) any contributions received by the local authority under 1964 c. 56.
section 101 ( 1 ) of the Housing Act 1964, in so far as amounts
equal to the expenditure towards which those contributions
are made fall to be debited to the account ;
(i ) income, and receipts in the nature of income, being income or
receipts arising for that year from the investment or other
use of money carried to the account ;
( j ) any other income of any description, except a contribution out
of the general rate fund, receivable by the local authority
for that year, being income relating to expenditure falling
to be debited to the account for that year ;
( k ) such other income of the local authority as the Secretary of
State may direct.
( 2 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 3) below, where any house or other
property to which the account relates has been sold or otherwise
disposed of, an amount equal to any income of the local authority
arising from the investment or other use of capital money received
by the authority in respect of the transaction shall be carried to the
credit of the account.
( 3) Sub-paragraph (2) above shall not apply-
( a ) where the Secretary of State otherwise directs as respects
the whole or any part of such income, or
( b) as respects income from capital money carried to a capital
fund under section 9 of the Local Government (Develop- 1964 c. 67.
ment and Finance ) ( Scotland ) Act 1964.
( 4) An amount equal to any income of the local authority arising
from an investment or other use of borrowed moneys in respect
of which the authority are required under paragraph 2 below to
debit loan charges to the account shall be carried to the credit of the
account.
( 5) Where for any year a deficit is shown in the account, the
local authority shall carry to the credit of the account, in respect
of that year, an amount equal to the amount of the deficit, but,
subject to sub-paragraph (6) below, shall repay the amount so
credited to the general rate fund within the two immediately succeed-
ing years.
(6) The obligation to repay referred to in sub-paragraph ( 5) above
shall not apply if-
( a ) the deficit occurred for any year for which the local authority
were required to limit the increase in standard rents by
virtue of the proviso to section 28( 2) of this Act or for
which they were required to increase standard rents under
section 29( 1 ) of this Act, and
908 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972
SCH. 4 1935 с. 41 .
1949 с. 61 .
1950 с. 34.
( b ) where the deficit occurred in the year 1973-74 or any
subsequent year, for every preceding year since the year
1972-73 the local authority were required to so limit the
increase in standard rents or increase standard rents under
the said section 29(1).
( 7) For any year, the local authority may, with the consent
of the Secretary of State, carry to the credit of the account, in
addition to the amounts required by the foregoing provisions of this
Schedule, such further amounts, if any, as they think fit.
Debits
2. Subject to paragraph 3 of this Schedule, for each year a local
authority shall debit to the housing revenue account amounts equal
to-
(a ) the loan charges which the local authority are liable to pay
for that year in respect of money borrowed by a local
authority for the purpose of-
(i) the provision by them after 12th February 1919
of housing accommodation under the enactments referred
to in section 23(1) ( a ) of this Act,
(ii) the execution of works in respect of which the
Secretary of State has made an exchequer contribution
under section 35 of the Housing ( Scotland) Act 1935,
(iii) the provision or improvement by them of dwellings
in accordance with improvement proposals approved by
the Secretary of State under section 2 of the Housing
(Scotland) Act 1949 or under section 105 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1950 or under section 13 of the Act of
1968,
(iv ) meeting expenditure on the repair of houses and
other property to which the account relates including
any deficit referred to in paragraph 2( 2 ) of Schedule 10
to this Act,
( v) the improvement of amenities of residential areas
under section 58 of the Act of 1969 on land to which
the account relates :
Provided that a local authority may, with the approval
of the Secretary of State, debit to the account any payments,
of which the amount and the period over which they are
payable have been approved by him, to meet outstanding
capital debt in respect of any house to which the account
relates and which is demolished after the coming into force
of this Act ;
(b ) the taxes, feuduties, rents and other charges which the local
authority are liable to pay for that year in respect of houses
and other property to which the account relates ;
( c ) the expenditure incurred by the local authority for that year
in respect of the repair, maintenance, supervision and man-
agement of houses and other property to which the account
relates, other than the expenditure incurred by them in the
administration of a rent rebate scheme ;
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972 c. 46 909
(d ) the arrears of rent which have been written off in that year
as irrecoverable, and the income receivable from any houses
to which the account relates during any period in that
year when they were not let ;
(e) any payments made by the local cuthority to another local
authority or a development corporation in pursuance of any
overspill agreement, being payments towards expenditure
which, if it had been incurred by the first-mentioned
authority, would have been debited by them to their housing
revenue account in pursuance of this paragraph ;
( f ) any amount repaid to the general rate fund in that year under
paragraph 1(5) above ;
( g ) such other expenditure incurred by the local authority as
the Secretary of State directs shall be debited to the housing
revenue account.
3. A local authority shall not debit to the housing revenue account
for the year 1972-73 and subsequent years amounts equal to-
(a ) expenditure on the provision of anything after the beginning
of the year 1972-73 under section 139 or 141 of the Act
of 1966 (which relate respectively to the powers of a local
authority to provide shops, etc., and laundry facilities) or
the supply of anything under section 140 of that Act
( which relates to the power of a local authority to provide
furniture, etc.), being anything in respect of which no
expenditure was incurred before the year 1972-73 , or
( b ) any part of expenditure attributable to site works and ser-
vices of a house or houses or other property to which the
housing revenue account relates which exceeds the expendi-
ture required for the provision of the house or houses or
other property :
Provided that nothing in sub-paragraph (a ) above shall apply to
expenditure on the provision of-
(i) anything referred to in paragraph (a ) and (b) of section 32(1)
of this Act in respect of which the local authority are
required to make a service charge,
(ii) any garage, car-port or other car-parking facilities provided
by the local authority, whether before the year 1972-73 or
not, under the terms of the tenancy of a house.
Transitional
4.- (1 ) Where, but for the coming into force of this Act, any adjust-
ment of a housing revenue account for the year 1971-72, or for
an earlier year, would have been effected by entering a credit or
debit in that account for the year 1972-73, or any later year, the
adjustment shall be so made notwithstanding the provisions of this
Act as to the nature of the credits or debits to be entered in the
housing revenue account for the year 1972-73 and later years .
( 2 ) Any direction given under paragraph 1( 2) of Schedule 7 to the
Act of 1968 (crediting of income from proceeds of sale of property)
shall, in the year 1972-73 and later years, have effect as if given
under paragraph 1(3) (a ) of this Schedule.
SCH. 4
910 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 4 ( 3) Any direction given under paragraph 3 of the said Schedule
7 shall, as respects those years, have effect as if it had been given
under paragraph 8 or 9 of this Schedule.
Working Balances
5. (1) Subject to paragraph 6 of this Schedule, the local authority
may retain in the account any amount by way of working balance
and any such amount shall be treated as a debit to the account for
the purposes of section 28 or 29 of this Act.
( 2) An amount so retained in the account for any year shall be
carried forward and treated as an item of income in the account
for the next following year for the purposes of section 28 or 29 of this
Act .
6.(1) Subject to sub- paragraph ( 2 ) below, the working balance
at the end of a year shall not exceed an amount per house of £ 30.
( 2 ) A local authority shall not create or hold a working balance
for any year for which they are required to carry an amount to
the credit of the account under paragraph 1( 5) of this Schedule.
Supplemental
7. Any requirement of this Schedule as respects any amount to
be debited or credited to the account may be met by taking in the
first instance an estimate of the amount, and by making adjustments
in the account for a later year when the amount is more accurately
known or is finally ascertained .
8. A local authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of
State, exclude from the housing revenue account any of the items of
income or expenditure mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this
Schedule, or may with such consent include any items of income
or expenditure not mentioned in those foregoing provisions.
9. Where it appears to the Secretary of State that amounts in
respect of any items of income or expenditure other than those
mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule ought properly
to be credited or debited to a housing revenue account, or that
amounts in respect of any of the items of income and expenditure
mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule which ought
properly to have been credited or debited to the account have not
been so credited or debited, or that any amounts have been
improperly credited or debited to the account, he may, after con-
sultation with the local authority, give directions for the appropriate
credits or debits to be made or for the rectification of the account.
as the case may require.
10. The Secretary of State may direct that items of income or
expenditure, either generally or of a specific category, shall be in-
cluded in or excluded from the account.
11. Any surplus shown in a housing revenue account at the end
of a year shall be carried forward to the next following year and
included as an item of income for the purposes of section 28 or 29
ofthis Act.
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c . 46 911
12. References in this Schedule to houses and other property to
which the housing revenue account of a local authority relates shall
be construed as references to houses, buildings, land and dwellings
in respect of which the authority are required by section 23 of this
Act to keep the account .
SCHEDULE 5
THE SLUM CLEARANCE REVENUE ACCOUNT
Credits
1. For each year a local authority shall carry to the credit of the
slum clearance revenue account amounts equal to-
( a ) the income from the rents, feuduties and other charges in
respect of houses and other property to which the account
relates ;
( b) any slum clearance subsidy payable to the local authority
for that year ;
(c) any income from the investment or other use of capital
obtained from the disposal of houses and other property to
which the account relates ;
( d ) any expenses incurred by the local authority in the demolition
of a building to which the account relates which they have
recovered from the owner of the building ;
( e) such other income of the local authority as the Secretary of
State may direct.
2. Where for any year a deficit is shown in the account, the
local authority shall carry to the credit of the account in respect of
that year an amount equal to the amount of the deficit.
Debits
3. For each year a local authority shall debit to the slum clearance
revenue account amounts equal to-
( a ) the loan charges which the local authority are liable to pay
for that year referable to the amount of expenditure incurred
by the local authority which falls within paragraph (a) or (b)
of section 26(1) of this Act ;
( b) the taxes, feuduties, rents and other charges which the local
authority are liable to pay for that year in respect of houses
and other property to which the account relates ;
( c) the expenditure incurred by the local authority for that
year in respect of the repair, maintenance, supervision and
management of houses and other property to which the
account relates ;
( d ) the expenditure incurred by the local authority for that
year in respect of the purchase, demolition, and clearance
of sites of houses and other property to which the account
relates where that expenditure is not met from capital ;
(e ) the arrears of rent which have been written off in that year
as irrecoverable and the income receivable from any houses
to which the account relates during any period in that year
when they were not let ;
SCH. 4
Section 26.
912 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 5
Section 37.
1971 с.40.
( f ) such other expenditure incurred by the local authority as
the Secretary of State directs.
Supplemental
4. Any surplus shown in a slum clearance revenue account at the
end of a year shall be credited to the general rate fund.
5. A local authority may, with the consent of the Secretary
of State, exclude from the slum clearance revenue account any of the
items of income or expenditure mentioned in the foregoing provisions
of this Schedule, or may with such consent include any items of
income or expenditure not mentioned in those foregoing provisions.
6. The Secretary of State may direct that items of income or
expenditure either generally or of a specific category, shall be included
in or excluded from the slum clearance revenue account.
SCHEDULE 6
RESTRICTION ON RENT INCREASES
Restriction on rent increases after first registration
1. Where a rent for a dwelling-house which is subject to a regulated
tenancy is registered under Part IV of the Act of 1971 and the
registration is the first registration to take effect after the tenancy
has become a regulated tenancy by virtue of section 34 of this Act,
then if the rent payable under the tenancy for any statutory period
beginning during the period of delay imposed by paragraph 2 of this
Schedule is less than the rent so registered, it shall not be increased
by a notice of increase under section 21 (2)(b) of the Act of 1971
except to the extent (if any ) permitted under the following pro-
visions of this Schedule ; and any such notice which purports to
increase it further shall have effect to increase it to the extent so
permitted but no further.
Period of delay
2. There shall be a period of delay with respect to any rent
registered as mentioned in paragraph 1 of this Schedule which shall
be a period of two years beginning with the date of registration.
Permitted increase
3.(1) Subject to paragraph 3(1)( c ) of Part III of the Schedule to
the Fire Precautions Act 1971, the rent may be increased to the
aggregate of the following-
(a ) the amount of the previous limit calculated in accordance
with paragraph 4 of this Schedule ; and
( b) the appropriate proportion of the difference between the
registered rent and the amount specified in paragraph ( a)
above.
(2) The appropriate proportion mentioned in sub- paragraph ( 1 )(b)
of this paragraph shall be ascertained for any rental period in
accordance with the following Table, inwhich the year of the period
of delay in which the rental period begins is shown in the first
column and the appropriate proportion in the second column.
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 913
TABLE
Year of period of delay Appropriate proportion
first year
second year
one- third
two-thirds
( 3) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this
paragraph, the amount to which the rent may be increased for any
rental period shall not in any case be less than 50p a week above
the following, that is to say-
( a ) if the rental period begins in the first year of the period of
delay, the amount specified in sub-paragraph ( 1) (a) of this
paragraph ;
(b) if the rental period begins in the second year of the period
of delay, the amount to which the rent could be increased
for a rental period beginning in the previous year ;
but nothing in this paragraph shall be taken to enable the rent to
be increased above the amount registered .
Previous limit
4.- (1 ) For the purposes of this Schedule the previous limit of a
rent shall be taken to be, subject to sub-paragraph ( 2) of this para-
graph, the amount which at the date of registration was recoverable
by way of the rent or would have been so recoverable if all notices
of increase authorised by the Act of 1971 or by section 36(2) of
this Act had been served.
( 2 ) Where the rent includes an amount payable in respect of
rates, the amount so payable, ascertained in accordance with Schedule
4 to the Act of 1971, shall be deducted from the amount specified
in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph in calculating the previous
limit of the rent.
Restriction on rent increases in cases of further registration during
period of delay
5.- (1 ) Where a rent (in this paragraph referred to as the first
rent ) for a dwelling-house which is subject to a regulated tenancy
has been registered as mentioned in paragraph 1 of this Schedule
and, in any year of the period of delay imposed by paragraph 2
of this Schedule, a new rent for the dwelling-house is registered
under Part IV of the Act of 1971 , then, if the new rent exceeds
the rent for the time being recoverable under the regulated tenancy,
the following provisions of this paragraph shall apply and the fore-
going provisions of this Schedule shall not apply.
(2) The rent for any statutory period beginning before the end of
the period of delay shall not be increased by a notice of increase
under section 21 (2)(b) of the Act of 1971 except to the extent permitted
by the following provisions of this paragraph ; and any such notice
which purports to increase it further shall have effect to increase it
to the extent so permitted but no further.
914 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 6 ( 3) If the new rent is less than the first rent, the rent payable
under the regulated tenancy may be increased (up to the amount
registered ) to the same extent as if the first rent had remained
registered .
( 4 ) If the new rent exceeds the first rent, the rent payable for any
statutory period beginning after the date of registration may be
increased by the difference between the first rent and the new rent ,
but, apart from that increase, the amount to which the rent may be
increased thereafter ( up to the new rent ) is to be determined as if
the first rent had remained registered .
Successive tenancies
6. Where a rent for a dwelling-house which is subject to a regulated
tenancy is registered as mentioned in paragraph 1 of this Schedule
and, during the period of delay imposed by paragraph 2 of this
Schedule with respect to the rent, the tenant, or any person who
might succeed him as a statutory tenant, becomes the tenant under
a new regulated tenancy of the dwelling- house-
( a) the rent limit for any contractual period of the new regulated
tenancy beginning during that period of delay shall be the
amount to which, if the first-mentioned tenancy had con-
tinued, the rent payable thereunder could have been
increased in accordance with this Schedule for a statutory
period beginning at the same time, and in relation to such
a contractual period the reference in section 43( 3) ( a ) of the
Act of 1971 to section 19( 2 ) of that Act shall be construed
as a reference to this paragraph ; and
( b) in relation to any statutory period of the new tenancy
beginning during that period of delay the provisions of
this Schedule shall have effect as if it were a statutory
period of the first mentioned tenancy.
7. Where a controlled tenancy of a dwelling-house becomes a
regulated tenancy by virtue of section 34 of this Act, and the tenant,
or any person who might succeed him as a statutory tenant, becomes
the tenant under a new regulated tenancy of the dwelling-house,
then, if during the continuance of the new regulated tenancy a rent
for the dwelling- house is registered under Part IV of the Act of
1971 and the registration would be such a registration as is mentioned
in paragraph 1 above had the first mentioned regulated tenancy
continued, the provisions of this Schedule shall apply as if it had
continued and in particular paragraph 6 above shall, subject to
paragraph 9 below, apply with the necessary modifications.
Rent Agreements
8. Where, after a controlled tenancy of a dwelling-house becomes
a regulated tenancy by virtue of section 34 of this Act, an agreement
increasing the rent under the tenancy ( but without creating a new
regulated tenancy) takes effect, whether before or after the beginning
of the period of delay imposed by paragraph 2 of this Schedule,
then, subject to paragraph 9 below , -
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 915
(a ) the rent limit for any contractual period of the regulated
tenancy beginning during that period of delay shall be the
amount to which, if the agreement had not been made,
the rent payable under the tenancy could have been in-
creased in accordance with this Schedule for a statutory
period beginning at the same time, and, in relation to such
a contractual period, the reference in section 43( 3) (a) of
the Act of 1971 to section 19( 2) of that Act shall be con-
strued as a reference to this paragraph ; and
(b ) in relation to any statutory period of the regulated tenancy,
beginning during that period of delay, the provisions of
this Schedule shall have effect as if the agreement had not
beenmade.
9. If, in the period between the time when the controlled tenancy
of a dwelling-house becomes a regulated tenancy by virtue of
section 34 of this Act and the registration of such a rent as is
mentioned in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, a rent agreement with a
tenant having security of tenure takes effect as respects the dwelling-
house and the provisions of sections 42 and 43 of this Act have
been observed as respects the agreement, then the provisions of this
Schedule shall apply as respects the period after the actual date
when the rent was registered for the dwelling- house as if the date
of registration had been the date on which the agreement took effect.
Supplemental
10. In ascertaining for the purposes of this Schedule whether there
is any difference between amounts or what that difference is, such
adjustments shall be made as may be necessary to take account of
periods of different lengths ; and for that purpose a month shall be
treated as one-twelfth and a week as one fifty-second of a year.
11. Where a registration takes effect from a date earlier than
the date of registration, references in this Schedule to the date of
registration shall nonetheless be references to the later date.
12. Where a rent determined by a rent assessment committee is
registered in substitution for a rent determined by the rent officer,
the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect as if only
the rent determined by the rent assessment committee had been
registered ; but the date of registration shall be deemed for the
purpose of this Schedule ( but not for the purposes of section 21 (2)(b)
of the Act of 1971) to be the date on which the rent determined
by the rent officer was registered.
13. This Schedule shall not apply where a registration is also
the first after the completion, during the existence of the regulated
tenancy, of works towards the cost of which a grant was payable
under Part II of the Act of 1968 .
SCH. 6
916 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972
Section 48. SCHEDULE 7
MODIFICATIONS OF PART VI OF THE RENT (SCOTLAND) Aст 1971
1. In section 70 ( conversion of controlled tenancies of dwelling.
houses provided with standard amenities and in good repair), —
66 "
( a ) in subsection ( 2), the word or occurring after the word
" certificate " and the words from " on such " to the end
shall cease to have effect ;
( b) subsection ( 3) shall cease to have effect.
2. In section 71 (application for qualification certificate), for
subsections (1) and ( 2 ) there shall be substituted the following
subsections-
66 (1) Where the landlord considers that the dwelling- house
satisfies the qualifying conditions, he may make an application
for a qualification certificate under this subsection.
( 2 ) An application for a qualification certificate may be made
under this subsection with respect to a dwelling-house ( whether
or not as part of or in conjunction with an application for a
grant under Part II of the Act of 1968) notwithstanding that at
the time of the making of the application the dwelling-house does
not satisfy the qualifying conditions. "
3. In section 73 (procedure on applications under section 71 (2)), —
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words " and send a copy thereof "
there shall be substituted the words ", but if it does not so
appear to the local authority they shall give notice to the
applicant of their refusal to issue such a certificate ; and
they shall send a copy of the certificate or of the notice " :
( b) for subsection ( 3) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" ( 3) After the works specified in the application for a
qualification certificate have been carried out and on being
satisfied that the dwelling- house satisfies the qualifying
conditions, the local authority shall issue the qualification
certificate, but if they are not so satisfied they shall give
notice to the applicant of their refusal to issue that
certificate ; and they shall send a copy of the certificate
or of the notice to the tenant."
4. In section 74 (registration of rent on issue of qualification
certificate ) , -
( a ) in subsection (1), for the words from " if the certificate " to
the end there shall be substituted the words " if a certificate
of fair rent has been issued on an application under Part I
of Schedule 12 to this Act, also by a copy of that
certificate." ;
(b) in subsection (2), for the words from " qualification " to the
end there shall be substituted the words " certificate of
fair rent has been issued on an application under Part I of
the said Schedule 12."
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 917
5. In section 76 ( appeal in certain cases against issue or refusal
of qualification certificate), -
( a ) in subsection (1 ), after the word " 72(2) " there shall be
inserted the words " or 73(1) or (3) ", and for the words
" certificate ought to be issued " there shall be substituted
the words " qualification certificate or, as the case may be,
the certificate of provisional approval ought to be issued " ;
(b) in subsection ( 2), after the word " 72(2) " there shall be
66
inserted the words or 73( 3) ", and after the words
"
qualification certificate " there shall be inserted the words
"
or under section 73(1) of this Act of a copy of a certificate
of provisional approval ".
6. Section 77 (postponement in certain cases of effect of qualifica-
tion certificate) shall cease to have effect.
7. Section 78 (modifications of that Act in relation to tenancies
converted under Part VI of that Act ) shall cease to have effect .
8. In section 80 ( consent of tenant ) , -
( a ) subsection (1) shall cease to have effect ;
(b) in subsection ( 2) , after the words " statutory tenancy " there
shall be inserted the words " (whether a controlled or a
regulated tenancy) " the words " or confirm " shall cease to
have effect, and for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted
the following paragraph-
" (a ) those works were specified in an application for a
qualification certificate under section 71( 2) of this Act
and a certificate of provisional approval has been issued ;
or" ;
( c ) in subsection ( 4) , after the word " circumstances " there
shall be inserted the words " (other than the means of the
tenant) " , after the words " from the works," there shall be
inserted the word " and ", and the words from " his means
"
to the end shall cease to have effect.
9. Subject to paragraphs 10, 11 and 12 below, Schedule 13 shall
have effect with respect to any year of a period of delay imposed
under that Schedule which begins on and after 1st January 1973
subject to the following modifications-
( a ) in paragraph 3(1), at the beginning there shall be added the
words " Subject to paragraph 3(1)( c ) of Part III of the
Schedule to the Fire Precautions Act 1971 ", at the end of
sub-paragraph ( a ) there shall be added the word " and ",
sub-paragraph ( b) shall cease to have effect and in sub-
paragraph (c) for the words 66
aggregate of the amounts
specified in paragraphs (a ) and (b) above " there shall be
substituted the words " amount specified in sub- paragraph
( a ) above " ;
(b) in paragraph 3( 3) for the reference to 371 new pence there
shall be substituted a reference to 50 new pence, and in
sub-paragraph (a ) for the words " aggregate of the amounts
specified in sub-paragraphs ( 1 )(a) and ( 1 ) (b) " there shall
be substituted the words " amount specified in sub-para-
graph( 1 )(a) " ;
SCH. 7
918 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 7 to the
( c ) in paragraph 4( 1) for the words from " the Rent
end there shall be substituted the words " this Act or section
36( 2) of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act
1972 had been served." ;
( d ) paragraphs 5, 9, 11 and 12 shall cease to have effect ;
(e ) in paragraph 7( b) the word " foregoing " shall cease to have
effect ;
( f ) in paragraph 8 for the words from "paragraphs 1 to 6 " to
the end there shall be substituted the words " the provisions
of this Schedule shall apply as if it had continued and in
particular paragraph 7 of this Schedule shall, subject to
paragraph 8B below, apply with the necessary modifi-
cations".
( g) after paragraph 8 there shall be inserted the following-
" Rent Agreements
8A. Where, after a tenancy becomes a regulated
tenancy by virtue of Part VI of this Act or, as the case
may be, after the completion of the works referred to in
paragraph 1(b) above, an agreement increasing the rent
under the tenancy (but without creating a new regulated
tenancy) takes effect, whether before or after the be-
ginning of the period of delay imposed by paragraph 2
above, then, subject to paragraph 8B below, —
( a ) the rent limit for any contractual period of the
regulated tenancy beginning during that period
of delay shall be the amount to which, if the
agreement had not been made, the rent payable
under the tenancy could have been increased
in accordance with this Schedule for a statutory
period beginning at the same time, and, in
relation to such a contractual period, the refer-
ence in section 43( 3)( a ) of this Act to section
19( 2) of this Act, shall be construed as a refer-
ence to this sub-paragraph, and
(b ) in relation to any statutory period of the regulated
tenancy beginning during that period of delay,
the provisions of this Schedule shall have effect
as if the agreement had not been made.
8B. If, in the period between the time when the con-
trolled tenancy of a dwelling-house becomes a regulated
tenancy by virtue of Part VI of this Act or, as the case
may be, the time when the works referred to in para-
graph 1 (b) of this Schedule are completed, and the registra-
tion of such a rent as is mentioned in paragraph 1 of this
Schedule, a rent agreement with a tenant having security
of tenure within the meaning of Part V of the Housing
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 takes effect as
respects the dwelling- house and the provisions of sections
42 and 43 or, as the case may be, sections 42 and 44, of
that Act have been observed as respects the agreement,
then the provisions of this Schedule shall apply as respects
the period after the actual date when the rent was regis-
tered for the dwelling-house as if the date of registration
had been on the date when the agreement took effect. " ;
Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 919
( h) after paragraph 10 there shall be inserted the following
paragraph-
" 10A. Where a registration takes effect from a date
earlier than the date of registration, references in this
Schedule to the date of registration shall nonetheless be
references to the later date."
10. If in a period of delay imposed under Schedule 13, the regis-
tration at the beginning of the period of delay is superseded by a
later registration of a higher rent and the later registration is on or
after 1st January 1973, then for paragraph 6( 4) of that Schedule there
shall be substituted the following sub-paragraph-
" ( 4) If the new rent exceeds the first rent, the rent payable
for any statutory period beginning after the date of registration
may be increased by the difference between the first rent and the
new rent but, apart from that increase, the amount to which
the rent may be increased thereafter (up to the new rent) is
to be determined as if the first rent had remained registered. "
11. Without prejudice to paragraphs 9 and 10 above, in the case
of a registration of a rent on or after 1st January 1973 the said
Schedule shall have effect on and after that date subject to the
additional modification that in paragraph 2 ( period of delay) for
sub-paragraphs (a ) and (b) there shall be substituted the words " a
period of two years ".
12. Without prejudice to paragraphs 9 and 10 above, in the case
of a rent registered before 1st January 1973 with respect to which
there is a period of delay imposed by paragraph 2 of Schedule 13,
the Schedule shall have effect on and after that date subject to the
following additional modifications-
( a ) where the second year of a period of delay of four years
under the Schedule begins on or after 1st January 1973 the
period of delay shall instead be two years, and the fraction
in the third column of the Table in paragraph 2( 2) for
the second year shall be three fifths, and not two fifths ;
( b) where paragraph (a) above does not apply and any year of
a period of delay of four years begins on or after 1st January
1973, the period of delay shall instead be three years, and,
if the said date falls in the second year of delay, the fraction
in the said third column for the third year shall be four
fifths, and not three fifths .
SCH. 7
SCHEDULE 8
TERMINATION OF PART OF EXISTING CONTRIBUTION SYSTEM
Enactments described in Schedule 1 to this Act
1.- ( 1) No payment shall be made under any of the enactments
described in Schedule 1 to this Act for the year 1972-73 or any
subsequent year.
Section70.
920 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions ) ( Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 8 ( 2 ) Subject to section 59 of this Act and without prejudice to
the generality of sub-paragraph (1) above, no payment shall be made
by a local authority for the year 1972-73 or any subsequent year
in pursuance of any undertaking or agreement made under or by
reference to any of the enactments described in Parts IV and VI
of the said Schedule 1 (which includes-
( a) provisions authorising a local authority to enter into under-
takings to make payments to other persons, and authorising
payments out of money provided by Parliament to local
authorities entering into such undertakings, and
( b) provisions requiring or authorising a local authority, on
receipt of any sum, to pay to another person an amount not
less than that sum ).
2.- ( 1 ) This paragraph has effect where information given to the
Secretary of State on an application duly made for a payment for
the year 1971-72 or any earlier year under any enactment described
in Schedule 1 to this Act includes any particulars which are, and
are stated to be, based on an estimate.
( 2) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, if it
appears to the Secretary of State-
(a ) that the estimate is reasonable, and
(b) that, assuming the estimate were correct, the information and
other particulars given on the application are sufficient to
enable him to determine the amount of the payment,
he may accept the estimate and make a payment accordingly.
( 3) Any payment made in pursuance of this paragraph so far as it
is based on an estimate of the cost of land may be adjusted when the
final cost of the land is ascertained.
( 4 ) Where a payment is made in pursuance of this paragraph
neither the housing authority nor the housing association receiving
the payment nor, where the payment is made under a provision
requiring a local authority to pay over to a development corporation
or a housing association an amount not less than that received , the
development corporation or housing association, shall be entitled
to question the amount of the payment on a ground which means
that the estimate was incorrect.
( 5) Where the Secretary of State is not satisfied that the estimate is
reasonable, he may, if he thinks fit, accept the application and make
a payment of such amount as appears to him reasonable.
3. The right to receive any payment from the Secretary of State
under any of the enactments described in Schedule 1 to this Act
shall be extinguished unless an application has been duly made for
the payment before 1st September 1972, or such later date as he may
in exceptional circumstances allow, and unless the Secretary of
State is satisfied that the information and other particulars given
( before that date) on the application-
( a ) are sufficient to enable him to determine the amount of the
payment, or
( b) are such as to enable him to make a payment based on an
estimate in pursuance of paragraph 2 of this Schedule.
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 921
4. For the purpose of calculating the amount of exchequer con-
tribution payable for the year 1971-72 under subsection ( 1 ) of section
2 of the Act of 1968, " financial year " in subsections ( 2) and (3)
of that section shall have the same meaning as " year " in this Act :
and accordingly subsection (6) of that section shall not apply for that
purpose.
5.- (1 ) The Secretary of State may determine the total amount
payable to a housing authority or to any housing association under
the enactments described in Schedule 1 to this Act for any period
ending not later than the end of the year 1971-72, and in determining
that total amount he may take into account any over-payment made
or any amount already paid to the authority or association not under
statute.
( 2) The Secretary of State may direct that a local authority shall,
in consequence of a determination made by him under sub- paragraph
(1) above, make such adjustment in the housing revenue account
as he thinks fit.
( 3) The Secretary of State shall pay to the housing authority or
the housing association the total amount determined by him under
sub-paragraph (1) above, and he may recover from the housing
authority or the association any overpayment made by him under
the said enactments for any period ending not later than the end of
the year 1971-72.
6.- (1) Any sum paid , before the coming into force of this
Act, by the Secretary of State for the year 1972-73 under any
enactment described in Parts I, II and III of Schedule 1 to this Act
shall be brought into account as follows.
( 2) Asum so paid shall be treated as paid on account of any sums
payable to the housing authority under Part I of this Act for the
year 1972-73, and if the total of sums so paid exceeds the total of
the sums payable under Part I of this Act for the year 1972-73 , the
excess shall be recoverable by the Secretary of State from the housing
authority .
( 3) If it appears to the Secretary of State at any time that, when
the sums payable under Part I of this Act for the year 1972-73 are
finally ascertained, any amount will be recoverable by him under
sub-paragraph ( 2) above, he may require the housing authority to
pay that amount to him forthwith, but without prejudice to any
further adjustment, either way, when those sums are finally
ascertained.
Temporary accommodation provided in war buildings
7 .- (1) No payments shall be made under section 22( 1)(b) of the
Act of 1968 for the year 1972-73 or any subsequent year.
(2) Section 22( 3) of the Act of 1968 shall cease to have effect,
except where the buildings were demolished before the coming into
force of this Act.
SCH. 8
Aluminium houses in unsatisfactory state
8.- (1) Payments under subsection ( 2) of section 92 of the Housing 1964 с. 56.
Act 1964 shall not be made for the year 1972-73 or any subsequent
year .
922 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH 8
1964 с. 56.
( 2) Sub-paragraph ( 3) below relates to a house-
(a ) in respect of which a payment is made for the year 1971-72
under subsection ( 2 ) of the said section 92, or
( b) to which the said section 92 applies and which is vacated
in the year 1971-72 and in respect of which, apart from the
provisions of sub-paragraph (1) above, a payment would be
made under the said subsection (2 ) .
(3) The Secretary of State may pay to the local authority in respect
of any house referred to in sub-paragraph ( 2) above a sum of such
amount as, in his opinion , is appropriate having regard to the residu-
ary contribution years within the meaning of subsection ( 8) (d ) of the
said section 92 in relation to that house :
Provided that any sum paid under this sub-paragraph shall be
applied by the local authority to extinguish the outstanding debt in
respect of any such house and, in so far as not so required, to
reduce any debt in respect of which loan charges are required to be
debited to the housing revenue account under paragraph 2 of
Schedule 4 to this Act or to such other purpose as may be approved
by the Secretary of State.
( 4 ) Section 93 of the Housing Act 1964 shall cease to have effect,
except where the request by the local authority for the demolition
of the house was duly made before the date of the coming into force
of this Act, and the local authority, before that date, satisfied the
Secretary of State that they had taken the appropriate steps, including
the disconnection of services, to enable the demolition to be carried
out safely and efficiently, or the house is such a house as is referred
to in sub-paragraph (2)(b) above.
(5) Notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 4) above, subsection (2) of the
said section 93 shall not have effect where-
( a) the request by the local authority for the demolition of the
house was duly made before the date of the coming into
force of this Act, and the local authority, before that date,
satisfied the Secretary of State as described in sub- para-
graph (4) above, or
(b) the house was demolished before the coming into force of
this Act,
and the house would be such a house as is referred to in sub-para-
graph (2)(b) above except that it is vacated in the year 1972-73.
Housing ( Rural Workers ) Acts
9. The Housing (Rural Workers) Acts 1926 to 1942, except in
relation to any loan made before the coming into force of this Act
under section 2 of the Housing ( Rural Workers) Act 1926 ( and
excepting any enactment so far as it relates to the rate of interest
payable on such a loan ), and except in relation to any contribution
payable before the coming into force of this Act under section 4 of
that Act, shall cease to have effect.
Housing ( Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c . 46 923
Temporary housing under Act of 1944 SCH. 8
10.- (1 ) The Housing ( Temporary Accommodation) Act 1944, and 1944 с. 36.
any agreement under section 1 of that Act, shall cease to have
effect.
( 2 ) So far as any agreement under the said section 1 provides for
a payment by a local authority to the Secretary of State, or by the
Secretary of State to a local authority, sub-paragraph (1) above shall
have effect as respects payments to be made for the year 1972-73 and
subsequent years .
( 3) All rights of property and other rights of the Secretary of
State as respects any structure being used by a local authority in
pursuance of an agreement under the said section 1 when this
Act comes into force, and any obligation of the Secretary of State to
any person other than the local authority as respects the removal
or demolition of the structure, shall be transferred to the local
authority.
( 4 ) Subject to sub-paragraph ( 3) above, all obligations of the
Secretary of State as respects any such structure shall be terminated.
( 5 ) The provisions of the Act of 1966 relating to houses provided
by a local authority under Part VII of that Act shall continue to
have effect in relation to any such structure, and housing accom-
modation provided in any such structure shall be deemed to have
been provided under the said Part VII :
Provided that any such structure, and any land on which it is
situated, which immediately before the coming into force of this Act
was deemed to be land acquired for the purposes of the said Part VII,
may be appropriated, or disposed of, by the local authority in the
same way as any other land provided under the said Part VII.
( 6 ) The preceding provisions of this paragraph shall not affect any
obligation of a local authority to any other person as respects the
removal or demolition of any structure.
( 7 ) Where, under section 2 of the Act of 1944, the local authority
have, before the date when this Act comes into force, duly requested
the Secretary of State to cause the structure to be taken down and
removed, and the local authority have, before that date, satisfied the
Secretary of State that they have taken the appropriate steps, includ-
ing the disconnection of services, to enable the demolition to be
carried out safely and efficiently , the Secretary of State shall, notwith-
standing the preceding provisions of this paragraph, comply with
the request and subsections ( 2) and (3) of the said section 2 shall
apply as respects structures, fittings and materials removed in com-
pliance with the request .
( 8) References in this paragraph to any structure include references
to any fittings forming part of the structure.
Exchequer contributions for unfit houses retained by
local authorities
11 .- (1) Payments under section 19 of the Act of 1968-
( a ) shall not be made for the year 1972-73 or any subsequent
year, and
924 46
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland )Act 1972
SCH. 8 ( b) shall only be made (and only for the year 1971-72 and
earlier years) as regards a house approved by the Secretary
of State for the purposes of the said section 19 before the
end of the year 1971-72 .
( 2) Where payments under the said section 19 as regards a house
approved before the end of the year 1971-72 would, apart from
this paragraph, fall to be paid for the year 1972-73, or for that and
later years, the Secretary of State shall, subject to subsection (3)
below, pay to the local authority a sum, calculated by such method
as he may determine , equivalent to the value of those payments, as
at the end of the year 1971-72.
( 3) In the case of payments under subsection ( 2) (a) of the said
section 19 (payments for years during which the house is used for
approved housing purposes), it shall be assumed for the purposes of
sub-paragraph (2) above-
( a) that no payment would, apart from this paragraph, fall to be
paid under the said subsection ( 2) (a) for the year 1972-73
or any later year if the first such payment were for the year
1961-62 or any earlier year, and
( b) if the first such payment were for the year 1962-63 that no
such payment would be made for the year 1972-73 or any
later year, and correspondingly that if the first such
payment were for a year after 1962-63, that no such pay-
ment would be made for any year beginning more than ten
years after the beginning of the year for which the first
such payment was made,
( c ) that any house is used in the year 1972-73, and later years,
for the said approved housing purposes.
( 4) Where a local authority have taken possession of a house
before the end of the year 1971-72, and-
( a ) the house has not been approved for the purposes of the
said section 19, but
( b) apart from the provisions of this paragraph, it would have
been eligible for approval under that section, or would
have been so eligible if the local authority had purchased it,
the Secretary of State may pay to the local authority a sum of such
amount as, in his opinion, is appropriate having regard to the period
for which the house is likely to be used for housing purposes, and
to the date when the local authority might be expected to incur
expenditure on purchasing the house.
( 5 ) Any capital sum paid under sub-paragraph ( 2) or ( 4) above
shall be applied by the local authority to reduce the capital debt
relating to any house referred to in those sub-paragraphs, and, in so
far as not so required, to reduce any debt in respect of which loan
charges are required to be debited to the slum clearance revenue
account under paragraph 3 of Schedule 5 to this Act.
Agricultural housing accommodation
12.- ( 1 ) A local authority shall not approve an application for
assistance under section 44 of the Act of 1968 on or after the coming
into force of this Act.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 925
( 2) An exchequer contribution under subsection (1) of section 48
SCH. 8
of the Act of 1968 shall not be made for the year 1972-73 or any
subsequent year.-
( 3) Where, apart from sub-paragraph (2) above, an exchequer
contribution would be made under subsection (1) of the said section
48 towards the expense incurred by a local authority in giving assist-
ance under the said section 44 in respect of the provision of a house,
the Secretary of State may pay to the local authority a sum of such
amount as, in his opinion, is appropriate having regard to the number
of years outstanding for which, apart from the said sub-paragraph,
the exchequer contribution would be payable by virtue of subsection
( 2 ) of the said section 48.
( 4) Sub-paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3) above apply, with any necessary
modifications, to an exchequer contribution under section 8 of the
Housing ( Agricultural Population ) ( Scotland) Act 1938, section 104 1938с. 38.
of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1950 or section 4 of the Housing 1950 c . 34.
( Scotland ) Act 1952, as they apply to an exchequer contribution under 1952 c. 63.
the said section 48.
Determination of disputes
13. Any dispute between two or more housing authorities, or
between any housing authority and any other person, as to a claim
for a payment from a housing authority under any of the enactments
described in Schedule 1 to this Act or this Schedule, shall be referred
to and determined by the Secretary of State.
Duty to supply information
14. Every housing authority and housing association shall supply
the Secretary of State with such information as he may specify, either
generally or in any particular case, for the purpose of enabling the
Secretary of State to make any determination or calculation as
respects payments for the year 1971-72, or any earlier year under the
enactments described in Schedule 1 to this Act or this Schedule, or
any determination or calculation related to the termination of the
housing contribution system superseded by this Act.
Expenses of Secretary of State
15. Any payments to be made by the Secretary of State under this
Schedule shall be defrayed out of money paid by Parliament.
SCHEDULE 9
MINOR AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENTS
THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT ( SCOTLAND) ACT 1947 (с. 43)
1. In Schedule 6 (enactments for purposes of which money may be
borrowed by local authorities repayable within periods other than
30 years) in column 1 of paragraph 14 for the words " 1925 to
1946 " there shall be substituted the words " 1966 to 1972. "
Section 79.
926 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland )Act 1972
SCH. 9
1966 с. 20.
THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACT
1963 (c. 12 )
2. In section 3 ( reduction of rate support grants in respect of low
rent income)
( a ) in subsection ( 3), in paragraph (a ) for the words from
" under paragraph (a) " to " received " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " under paragraphs 1(a) and (b), 1(2)
and 1 ( 4) of Schedule 4 to the Housing (Financial Provisions)
(Scotland ) Act 1972 less any rent rebates payable by them
for that year under a rebate scheme ; " and in the proviso
for the words from " in pursuance to the end there shall
"
be substituted the words " under a rebate scheme." ;
( b) in subsection ( 4), for paragraphs (c) and ( d ) there shall be
substituted the following paragraph-
"(c ) the expression ' rebate scheme ' has the same
meaning as in section 15 of the Housing ( Financial Pro-
visions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 ; " .
THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT (DEVELOPMENT AND FINANCE) (SCOTLAND)
Аст 1964 (с. 67 )
3. In section 9 ( local authorities' capital funds) after subsection (2)
there shall be inserted the following subsection-
" (2A) Except with the consent of the Secretary of State, money
received from the disposal of any property to which the local
authority's housing revenue account relates shall not be paid into
any such capital fund ".
THE MINISTRY OF SOCIAL SECURITY ACт 1966 ( с. 20)
4. In section 16 of the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966
( prevention of duplication of payments) after subsection (2) there
shall be inserted-
" (2B) Where, in determining the amount of any benefit, the
requirements of any person have been taken into account for
the whole or part of a period in respect of which rebate or
allowance under Part II of the Housing ( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1972 might be afforded to him, and before the
whole or part of it has been afforded, the authority are notified
by the Commission of the amount by which the amounts paid
under this Act exceed what the Commission have determined
they would have been had the rebate or allowance been afforded
before the amount of the benefit was determined, the amount of
the rebate or allowance to be afforded shall be reduced by the
amount so notified. "
Supplementary benefit: rent brought into calculation of requirements
5. At the end of paragraph 13 of Schedule 2 to the Ministry of
Social Security Act 1966 (supplementary benefit: the rent to be
included in calculation of requirements ) there shall be added the
following sub-paragraph : -
" ( 4A) Where any amount of the rent or rates is met by a
rebate or allowance under Part II of the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972, or by any rate rebate, the
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c . 46 927
amount so met shall be deducted from the increase to be made
under sub-paragraph (1) (a) of this paragraph. " SCH. 9
6.- (1 ) The provisions of this paragraph have effect as respect
the exercise of the power under sub-paragraph (1) (a ) of paragraph
13 of Schedule 2 to the Ministry of Social Security Act 1966 to take 1966 c. 20.
account of part only of the net rent payable (reduced where appro-
priate under sub-paragraph (2) of that paragraph) for any period for
which a rent rebate or rent allowance is made to a person in receipt
of supplementary benefit, or to a person whose requirements are
aggregated with his under paragraph 3(1) of the said Schedule 2.
( 2) The said power shall not be exercisable-
(a ) subject to sub-paragraph ( 3) below, on the ground that the
rent is an excessive rent for the house, or
( b ) subject to sub-paragraph ( 4 ) below, on the ground that
the rent is excessive because of the size, location or character
of the house, or
( c ) on the ground that the rent is excessive having regard to the
resources of the tenant and of any person whose require-
ments are aggregated with his under the said paragraph
3(1).
( 3) Sub- paragraph (2) (a) above shall not apply to rent dis-
regarded in pursuance of paragraph 15 of Schedule 3 to this Act.
( 4) Sub-paragraph (2)(b) above-
( a ) shall not apply where a rent allowance is granted for the
period and a reduction falls to be made under sub-paragraph
( 2 ) of paragraph 13 of Schedule 2 to the Ministry of Social
Security Act 1966 (adjustment for non-dependants sharing
the accommodation), and
( b ) where rent is reduced under paragraph 17 of Schedule 2
to this Act , shall only apply to the amount of the rent
after the reduction.
( 5 ) The preceding provisions of this paragraph shall not apply
where the rebate or allowance has been restricted under paragraph
14 of Schedule 2 to this Act.
( 6 ) Regulations under section 5 of the Ministry of Social Security
Act 1966 may vary the provisions of this paragraph as if they were
contained in Part II of Schedule 2 to that Act.
( 7 ) This paragraph shall not affect the provisions of the said
sub-paragraph (1 )( a ) so far as they relate to any amount which is
not rent for the purposes of Part II of this Act.
THE HOUSING (SCOTLAND) ACT 1966 (c. 49 )
7. In section 145 (powers of dealing with land acquired or
appropriated for purposes of Part VII ), for subsection ( 6 ) there
shall be substituted the following subsection-
" (6) Notwithstanding anything in section 27(1) of the Town 1959 c. 70.
and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1959 (power of local and
other public authority to dispose of land without consent of a
928 SCH. 9 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972
Minister), a local authority shall not, in the exercise of their
powers under subsection ( 1)(d ) of this section, sell or lease any
house to which the housing revenue account, kept under section
23 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972,
relates, except with the consent of the Secretary of State ; and,
in giving his consent to such transactions as are referred to in
this subsection, the Secretary of State may make general
directions or a direction related to a specific transaction. "
8. In section 146 (power of Secretary of State in certain cases
to impose conditions on sale of local authority's houses) for the
words " 60 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act
1968 " there shall be substituted the words " 23 of the Housing
(Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 " .
9. In section 151 ( conditions to be observed in management of
local authority's houses) -
(a ) in subsection (1) for the words " 60 of the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1968 " there shall be substituted
the words " 23 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scot-
land ) Act 1972 " ;
( b) in subsection ( 3), paragraphs (a ) and ( b ) shall cease to have
effect.
10. In section 175 (compulsory purchase of land by Scottish Special
Housing Association ), in subsection (1)(a) for the words from " in the
circumstances " to " 1968 " there shall be substituted the words
" under the terms of an agreement between them and the Secretary
of State".
11. In section 195 ( default powers of Secretary of State in relation
to rents ) -
( a ) for subsection (3)(b) there shall be substituted the following
paragraph-
( b) for ensuring compliance by the local authority with
the requirements of Part II of the Housing (Financial
Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 ; " ;
(b) in subsection (5 ) the words " subject to subsection ( 6 ) of this
section " shall cease to have effect, and for the words " sub-
sections ( 4 ) or ( 5 ) of section 151 of this Act " there shall be
substituted the words " section 27 of the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972." ;
( c ) subsection ( 6 ) shall cease to have effect.
( d ) in subsection ( 7), after the words " supplementary order "
66
there shall be inserted the words or an order under
subsection ( 4A ) above ", and at the end there shall be
added the words " and the provisions which may be in-
cluded in an order by virtue of that section shall include
any matters connected with the coming into force of such
an order or its termination " ;
Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 929
(e) after subsection ( 7 ) there shall be added the following sub-
section-
" ( 8) Section 356( 1) of the Local Government (Scot-
land ) Act 1947 shall have effect for the purposes of this
section as if for the words from ' have failed ' to ' statu-
tory order ' there were substituted the words-
' (a) have failed effectively to discharge any of their
functions under Part II, III or IV of the Hous-
ing ( Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972 ;
or
( b ) have failed so to discharge any function con-
ferred on them by that Act or any other enact-
ment as to secure the effective discharge of any
of their functions under those Parts of that
Act ; '".
THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT ( SCOTLAND) ACт 1966 ( с. 51)
12. In section 2 ( rate support grants) in the definition of " housing
subsidies " in subsection ( 6 ) for the words " the provision of hous-
ing accommodation " there shall be substituted the word " housing " .
13. In section 46(1) (general interpretation) in the definition of
" housing revenue account " for the words " 137 of the Housing
( Scotland ) Act 1950 " there shall be substituted the words " 23 of
the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 " .
14. In Schedule 1 (rate support grants), in paragraph 4( 2) of Part
II after the word " 1963 " there shall be inserted the words " as
amended by paragraph 2 of Schedule 9 to the Housing (Financial
Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972 " .
THE HOUSING (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACT 1968 (c. 31)
15. In section 21 (exchequer contributions for hostels), in sub-
section ( 4) the words from " Section 12(2) " to the end shall cease to
have effect and at the end of the section there shall be inserted the
following subsection-
" (5) Any reference in subsection ( 4) of this section to a
house shall be construed as including a reference to any resi-
dential accommodation provided for occupation by not more
than two persons and equipped with cooking facilities for the
exclusive use of those persons, notwithstanding that it is not
equipped with facilities of other kinds for such exclusive use.
In this subsection the expression " cooking facilities " in
relation to any residential accommodation means facilities suit-
able for the preparation of food for the number of persons for
which the accommodation is provided, and if any question arises
whether any particular facilities fall within that description it
shall be decided by the Secretary of State ".
2G
SCH. 9
930 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 9 16. In section 25 ( advances to Scottish Special Housing Associa-
tion ) for subsection (6 ) there shall be substituted the following
subsection-
" (6 ) Any reference in this section to a house shall be
construed as including a reference to any residential accom-
modation provided for occupation by not more than two persons
and equipped with cooking facilities for the exclusive use of
those persons, notwithstanding that it is not equipped with
facilities of other kinds for such exclusive use.
In this subsection the expression " cooking facilities " in
relation to any residential accommodation means facilities suit-
able for the preparation of food for the number of persons
for which the accommodation is provided , and if any question
arises whether any particular facilities fall within that des-
cription it shall be decided by the Secretary of State."
17. In section 27 (power of local authorities to make improvement
grants ) -
( a ) in subsection (7) after the word " and " there shall be inserted
the words " subject to subsection (7A ) of this section " and
at the end there shall be added the following paragraph : -
" ( f ) section 57 of the Housing (Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1972 " ;
( b) after subsection ( 7 ) there shall be inserted the following
subsection-
" (7A ) A local authority may approve an application
for an improvement grant in respect of a dwelling where
a grant has been made in respect of that dwelling under
any of the enactments referred to in subsection (7) of this
section other than paragraph ( f ) of that subsection ( in
this subsection referred to as " the earlier grant ") if-
( a ) any conditions applied to the dwelling or relating
to the payment of the earlier grant have ceased
to apply, or
( b) the earlier grant has for any reason been fully
repaid. "
18. In section 29 ( amount of improvement grants and payment
thereof ) in the provisos (i ) and (ii ) to subsection (1) and in sub-
section (2), after the words " under paragraph ( b) thereof " there shall
be inserted the words 66
or specified in or prescribed under paragraph
( bb ) thereof . "
19. In section 40 ( duty of local authorities to make standard
grants ), at the end there shall be added the following subsection : -
" ( 7 ) An application under this section shall not be approved
if it relates to a dwelling in respect of which improvement sub-
sidy is payable under section 57 of the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972 " .
Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c . 46 931
20. In section 58 ( power of Secretary of State to reduce, suspend,
discontinue or transfer particular exchequer contributions)
( a ) in subsection ( 5) -
( i ) before the definition of " the subsidised unit" there
shall be inserted the following definition-
" recipient authority " means a local authority, a
development corporation, a housing association
or the Scottish Special Housing Association.
"
(ii ) the words from " and the provisions to the end
shall cease to have effect ;
(b) after subsection ( 5 ) there shall be added the following
subsection-
" (6) References in this section to
( a ) authorised arrangements made with a local
authority, in relation to a development cor-
poration or a housing association, are refer-
ences to arrangements made between the
development corporation or a housing
association and a local authority, with the
approval of the Secretary of State, under
section 153 of the principal Act ;
(b ) special arrangements made by a housing
association with the Secretary of State are
references to arrangements which the Sec-
retary of State may have made with a
housing association for the provision of
houses with a view to their approval under
this Act or any Act passed before the
Housing (Financial Provisions etc. ) ( Scot-
land ) Act 1967."
21. In Schedule 3 (conditions to be observed with respect to
dwellings provided or improved with the help of improvement grants
or standard grants ), paragraphs 3 and 7 shall cease to have effect .
THE RENT ( SCOTLAND ) Aст 1971 (с. 28)
22. In section 5( 5 ) (conditions for a housing association tenancy to
be excluded from the Act of 1971) , at the end there shall be added
the following paragraph-
" ( f ) that the dwelling-house was comprised in a scheme
approved for the purposes of section 55 or section 57 of the
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972. "
23. In section 21(2)( b) (limit of rent during statutory periods), after
the word " below " there shall be inserted the words " and section
37 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972 " .
24. In section 46 (regulations), in subsection (2 ) for the words " 44
or 45 " there shall be substituted the words “
or 44 " but this para-
graph shall not come into force until 1st January 1973.
2G2
SCH. 9
932 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 9 25. In section 85 ( contracts), at the end of subsection ( 3) there
shall be added the following paragraph : -
" (d ) to a contract which creates a controlled tenancy if that
tenancy subsequently becomes a converted tenancy within
the meaning of section 36( 1) of the Housing (Financial
Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1972."
26. In section 88(1) (power of rent tribunals on reference of con-
tracts), for the words " 60 of the Housing ( Financial Provisions)
( Scotland ) Act 1968 " there shall be substituted the words " 23 of
the Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 ” .
27. In section 125 (powers of local authorities for the purposes of
giving information), in subsection (1)(a) for the words " and under
the provisions of this Act " there shall be substituted the words
" under the provisions of this Act and Part V and sections 60 to 67
of the Housing ( Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972 ".
28. At the end of Schedule 6 ( applications for registration of rent
for regulated tenancies) there shall be added the following-
" PART III
SUPPLEMENTAL
15. There shall be included among the matters with respect
to which representations may be made or consultations are to
be held or notices to be given under Parts I and II of this
Schedule, any amount to be noted in the register in pursuance
of section 43(1A ) of this Act. "
29. At the end of Schedule 7 (certificates of fair rent ) there shall
be added the following paragraph-
" 10. Where the rent specified in a certificate of fair rent
includes any amount which, if the rent specified in the certifi-
cate had been registered, would require to be noted on the
register in pursuance of section 43( 1A ) of this Act, that amount
shall be noted on the certificate ; and there shall be included
among the matters with respect to which representations may
be made or consultations are to be held or notices to be given
under this Schedule, any amount to be noted on the certificate
in pursuance of this paragraph. "
30. At the end of Part II of Schedule 12 (applications for registra-
tion of rent for converted tenancies) there shall be added the
following-
"Supplemental
15. There shall be included among the matters with respect
to which representations may be made or consultations are to
be held or notices to be given under this Part of this Schedule,
any amount to be noted in the register in pursuance of section
43(1A ) of this Act. "
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c.46 933
THE FIRE PRECAUTIONS Аст 1971 (с. 40)
31 .- (1) In section 34 (modification of Rent Act 1968 and corre-
sponding Scottish Acts), the word " and " shall be omitted and at
the end there shall be added the following words " and the provisions
of Part IV of that Schedule shall have effect for purposes of the
modification in connection with certain provisions of this Act, of
sections 60 to 66 of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act
1972 ".
( 2 ) On and after 1st January 1973, in Part III of the Schedule
( modifications of Rent ( Scotland ) Act 1971), in paragraph 1(2)(b)
for the words " respectively of sections 20( 5) and " there shall be sub-
stituted the words " of section " .
( 3) At the end of paragraph 3( 1) of the said Part III there shall
be added the following " and
( c ) if there are restrictions on rent increases imposed under
Schedule 13 to the Act of 1971 or under Schedule 6 to the
Housing ( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972, the
provisions of that Schedule shall have effect, in relation to
any rental period of that regulated tenancy ( whether con-
tractual or statutory ) beginning while the registration of
that rent continues to have effect, as if the amount to which
the rent payable in any statutory period could be increased
in accordance with the provisions of that Schedule had been
simultaneously increased by the same amount ( that is to
say, by the amount specified in the order of the sheriff ) " .
( 4 ) At the end of the Schedule there shall be added the following-
PART IV"
MODIFICATIONS OF SECTIONS 60 TO 66 OF THE HOUSING (FINANCIAL
PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACт 1972
Modifications of the said sections 60 to 66 in cases where rent is
increased by virtue of section 28( 3)(b) of this Act
1. Where, in the case of any premises consisting of a dwelling-
house let on a tenancy to which sections 60 to 66 of the Act of
1972 apply, the rent payable in respect of the premises is
increased by an order of the sheriff made by virtue of section
28(3)(b) of this Act and that increase takes effect while a rent
for the dwelling- house is registered in pursuance of section 61 of
the Act of 1972, being a rent that was so registered before the
completion of the alterations or other things falling within
section 28( 3) of this Act of which the expense was taken into
account by the sheriff in making the order, then the amount of
the increase shall be added to the rent limit imposed by section
62 (2 ) of the Act of 1972 and, subject to paragraph 3 below, refer-
ences to the registered rent in sections 63 to 64 of that Act
shall be construed accordingly.
2. Where, in the case of any premises consisting of a dwelling-
house let on a tenancy to which the said sections 60 to 66 apply,
the rent payable in respect of the premises is increased by an
order of the sheriff made by virtue of section 28(3)(b) of this
SCH. 9
934 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland) Act 1972
SCH . 9
Act and that increase takes effect while no rent for the dwelling-
house is registered in pursuance of section 61 of the Act of 1972,
then the amount of the increase shall be added to the rent limit
imposed by section 62( 3) of that Act.
3. Where, in the case of any premises consisting of a dwelling-
house let on a tenancy to which the said sections 60 to 66 apply,
the rent is increased by an order of the sheriff made by virtue
of section 28(3)(b) of this Act and that increase takes effect when
the rent limit is determined under paragraph (a ) or ( b) of section
63(2 ), or is the amount specified in a direction by the Secretary
of State under section 64 ( 4) of the Act of 1972, then the amount
of the increase shall be added to the rent limit so determined
or, as the case may be, the amount so specified .
4. Expressions used in this Part of this Schedule and in Part
VI of the Act of 1972 have the same meaning in this Part as
in that Part and " the Act of 1972 " means the Housing
( Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972."
THE SHERIFF COURTS (SCOTLAND) ACT 1971 (с. 58)
32. In Schedule 1 ( minor and consequential amendments) for para-
graph 4 there shall be substituted the following paragraph--
" The Rent (Scotland ) Act 1971
4. In subsection ( 1) of section 123 (applications and appeals
to sheriff) , for the words from ' conducted ' to the end there
shall be substituted the words ' made by way of a summary
cause within the meaning of the Sheriff Courts ( Scotland ) Act
1971 ' . "
Section 79.
SCHEDULE 10
TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
Residual subsidy
1.- (1) Any amount of residual subsidy payable for the year
1972-73 under section 2(7)(b) of this Act shall be treated by the local
authority as a capital receipt for that year, and the local authority
shall apply it to reduce any debt in respect of which loan charges
are required to be debited to the housing revenue account under
paragraph 2 of Schedule 4 to this Act.
( 2 ) In complying with the requirements of this paragraph a local
authority shall act in accordance with such directions, if any, as
may be given by the Secretary of State.
Housing Repairs Account
2.- (1 ) No housing repairs account shall be kept for the year
1972-73 or any subsequent year.
( 2 ) Any deficit or surplus in a housing repairs account as at the
end of the year 1971-72 where such deficit or surplus exceeds an
amount per house which is £1 for the year 1971-72 shall be treated
for the year 1972-73 as a capital sum ; and any such deficit shall be
Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 935
met by a loan for such period as may be specified, either generally
or in any particular case, by the Secretary of State the charges
relating to which shall be debited to the housing revenue account
under paragraph 2 of Schedule 4 to this Act, and any such surplus
shall be applied to reduce any debt in respect of which loan charges
are required to be debited to the housing revenue account under the
said paragraph 2 or to such other purpose as may be approved by the
Secretary of State.
( 3) Any deficit or surplus in a housing repairs account as at the
end of the year 1971-72 where such deficit or surplus is an amount
per house which is £1 or less for that year shall be debited or, as
the case may be, credited to the local authority's housing revenue
account for the year 1972-73, and any such deficit shall be treated
as if it represented expenditure on repairs for that year in addition
to any repairs actually carried out.
( 4 ) Any investment under section 63 of the Act of 1968 (temporary
application of money in housing accounts) of money credited to a
housing repairs account shall be realised not later than the end of
the year 1972-73 and the amount realised shall be applied to reduce
the deficit or, as the case may be, increase the surplus referred to in
sub -paragraphs ( 2) and ( 3) above or to create such a surplus .
( 5 ) In complying with the requirements of this paragraph a local
authority shall act in accordance with such directions, if any, as may
be given by the Secretary of State.
( 6 ) Any charges debited to the housing revenue account arising
from a loan, or any reduction in loan charges debited to that account
arising from any reduction of debt, resulting from the provisions of
sub-paragraph ( 2) above shall be disregarded for the purposes of
section 3 of this Act.
Housing Equalisation Account
3 .- (1) No housing equalisation account shall be kept for the
year 1972-73 or any subsequent year.
( 2 ) Any balance in a housing equalisation account as at the end of
the year 1971-72 shall be treated for the year 1972-73 by the local
authority as a capital receipt, and the local authority shall apply it to
reduce any debt in respect of which loan charges are required to be
debited to the housing revenue account under paragraph 2 of
Schedule 4 to this Act or to such other purpose as may be approved by
the Secretary of State.
( 3) For each year the local authority shall carry to the credit of the
housing revenue account amounts equal to any income, and receipts
in the nature of income, being income or receipts arising to the local
authority for that year from the investment or other use of money
representing any sum treated as a capital receipt in pursuance of this
paragraph.
( 4 ) In complying with the requirements of this paragraph a local
authority shall act in accordance with such directions, if any, as may
be given by the Secretary of State.
SCH . 10
936 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 10
( 5 ) Any reduction in loan charges debited to the housing revenue
account arising from any reduction of debt resulting from the pro-
visions of sub-paragraph ( 2) above shall be disregarded for the pur-
poses of section 3 of this Act.
Modifications of Part VI of the Act of 1971
4. An application under Part VI of the Act of 1971 as originally
enacted for a qualification certificate which has not been disposed
of before the coming into force of this Act shall be treated as if
made under the said Part VI as modified by Schedule 7 to this Act .
Section 79.
Chapter
1968 с. 31 .
SCHEDULE 11
REPEALS
PART I
HOUSING ACCOUNTS
Short Title
The Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland )
Act 1968.
Extent of Repeal
Sections 60 to 63.
In section 68, the proviso to
subsection (1).
Schedule 7.
The repeals in this Part of this Schedule have effect as respects
accounts for the year 1972-73 and subsequent years.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 937
PART II
CONTROLLED AND REGULATED TENANCIES
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
1971 с. 28. 1971 с. 40.
The Rent (Scotland ) Act Section 8.
1971. Section 19( 3) .
Section 20.
Section 26.
Section 27 except subsection
( 2 ).
Section 28 .
In section 29, the words "
sec-
tion 20(5) or, as the case may
be, ".
In Schedule 13, paragraphs
3( 1)(b) and 5. In paragraph
7( b ) the word " foregoing " .
Paragraphs 9, 11 and 12.
In Schedule 19, in paragraph 10
the words " without prejudice
to section 28( 3) of this Act "
and paragraph 16(4) .
The Fire Precautions Act In Part III of the Schedule, in
1971. paragraph 3, sub-paragraphs
( 2 ) and ( 3) and in sub-
paragraph ( 4 )( a) the words
" and after the word ' below '
in subsection (3) " .
This Part of this Schedule comes into force on 1st January 1973 .
The repeals of section 19 ( 3) and section 20 of the Rent (Scotland)
Act 1971 , and of references to those enactments , have effect subject
to the saving in section 41 of this Act.
SCH. 11
PART III
HOUSING SUBSIDIES
Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal
13 & 14Geo. 5 . The Housing, etc. Act Section 1.
c . 24. 1923.
20 & 21 Geo. 5. The Housing ( Scotland) The whole Act.
с .40. Act 1930.
21 & 22 Geo. 5. The Housing ( Rural The whole Act.
с. 39. Authorities) Act 1931 .
23 & 24 Geo. 5. The Housing (Financial The whole Act.
c . 16. Provisions) (Scotland)
Act 1933.
25 &26 Geo. 5. The Housing (Scotland) Sections 30 and 32 .
c . 41 Act 1935.
938 c. 46 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 11
Short Title
Chapter Extent of Repeal
1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Housing (Agricul- The whole Act.
c. 38.
tural Population ) (Scot-
land) Act 1938.
2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Housing ( Financial The whole Act.
c. 3.
Provisions) (Scotland )
Act 1938.
7 & 8 Geo. 6. The Housing ( Temporary The whole Act.
c . 36.
Accommodation) Act
1944 .
8 & 9 Geo. 6. The Housing ( Temporary The whole Act.
с. 39.
Accommodation) Act
1945 .
10&11 Geo. 6. The Local Government In Schedule 6, paragraph 16.
c .43. (Scotland ) Act 1947.
14 Geo. 6. The Housing ( Scotland)
c . 34.
Act 1950.
Sections 84 to 88.
Section 91 .
Sections 93 to 96.
Sections 100 to 104.
Sections 127 and 128 .
Schedule 7.
15 & 16Geo. 6.
The Housing (Scotland ) The whole Act.
and 1 & 2
Act 1952,
Eliz. 2. c. 63 .
5 & 6 Eliz. 2.
c. 38.
The Housing and Town | Sections 1 to 7.
Development ( Scotland)
Act 1957.
Section 23 .
In Schedule 1, paragraphs 2
and 3.
7 & 8 Eliz. 2. The Town and Country
Planning (Scotland) Act
1959.
In section 54(1) in the definition
c . 70. "
of grant-aided function "
the words " and any Ex-
chequer subsidy under any of
the enactments specified in
Part I of Schedule 6 to the
Housing ( Scotland ) Act 1950".
10& 11 Eliz. 2. The Housing ( Scotland ) Part I.
c. 28. Act 1962.
Sections 19 and 20.
Section 32 .
Schedules 1 to 3.
In Schedule 4, paragraphs 2, 3,
7 and 8.
1964 с. 56.
The Housing Act 1964.
Sections 92 and 93 .
Section 98 .
1967 с. 20.
1968 с. 31.
The Housing ( Financial
Provisions etc. ) ( Scot-
land ) Act 1967.
The Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland)
Act 1968.
The whole Act except sections
18, 21 22, and 23 and para-
graph 6 of Schedule 5.
Sections 1 to 12.
Section 19.
In section 21 ( 4) the words from
" Section 12( 2) " to the end.
Section 22.
Section 26.
Sections 44 to48.
Section 55.
In section 57, in subsection
( 1)(a) the words " other than
section 19 thereof ), or " , and
subsections (1 )(b) and ( 2 ).
Housing (Financial Provisions ) ( Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 939
SCH. 11
Chapter
ShortTitle
Extent of Repeal
1968 c. 31 cont.
The Housing (Financial
Provisions) ( Scotland) Act
1968. cont.
In section 58(5) the words from
" and the provisions " to the
end.
Section 59(2) so far as relating
to the Housing (Scotland)
Act 1950.
In section 64, in paragraph (a)
the words " sections 100 and
104 and " , and in paragraph
( b ) the word " 48 " .
Section 70 ( 4 ).
Schedules 1 and 2.
Schedule 4.
Schedule 5 so far as relating to
the Housing ( Scotland) Act
1925, the Housing ( Scotland)
Act 1930, the Housing ( Rural
Authorities) Act 1931, the
Housing (Financial Provi-
sions) (Scotland ) Act 1933,
the Housing ( Scotland ) Act
1935, the Housing ( Agricul-
tural Population ) ( Scotland)
Act 1938, the Housing (Finan-
cial Provisions ) ( Scotland) Act
1938 and the Housing and
TownDevelopment (Scotland)
Act 1957.
Schedule 6 so far as relating to
the Housing (Scotland) Act
1930, the Housing ( Rural
Authorities) Act 1931, the
Housing (Scotland ) Act 1935,
the Housing ( Agricultural
Population) ( Scotland) Act
1938, the Housing ( Financial
Provisions) ( Scotland) Act
1938, sections 84 to 88, 89(3)
and ( 4 ), 91 , 93 and 104 of
the Housing ( Scotland ) Act
1950, the Housing and Town
Development ( Scotland ) Act
1957, sections 1 to 7 and 9
of the Housing ( Scotland )
Act 1962 and the Housing
Act1964 .
The repeals in this Part of this Schedule have effect only as respects
payments for the year 1972-73 and subsequent years, and have effect
subject to Schedule 8 to this Act .
940 c. 46
Housing (Financial Provisions ) (Scotland ) Act 1972
SCH. 11
PART IV
THE HOUSING ( RURAL WORKERS) ACTS
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
16 & 17 Geo. 5. The Housing ( Rural The whole Act.
c. 56. Workers) Act 1926.
25 &26 Geo. 5.
The Housing (Scotland)
с.41.
Act 1935. Section 34.
1 & 2 Geo. 6.
The Housing ( Rural The whole Act .
с. 35.
Workers) Amendment
Act 1938.
5 & 6 Geo. 6. The Housing ( Rural
The whole Act.
c. 32.
1966 с. 49.
Workers) Act 1942.
The Housing ( Scotland )
Section 151( 7) .
Act 1966.
1968 с. 13.
The National Loans Act
1968.
1968 с. 31 .
The Housing ( Financial
Provisions) (Scotland)
Act 1968 .
In section 6( 1) the words
" section 2(5)( a) of the Hous-
ing (Rural Workers) Act
1926".
Section 59( 2 ) so far as relating
to the Housing
Workers) Act 1926 . ( Rural
Schedule 5 so far as relating to
the Housing ( Rural Workers)
Acts 1926 to 1942.
Schedule 6 so far as relating to
the Housing ( Rural Workers)
Act 1926.
The repeals in this Part of this Schedule have effect subject to
paragraph 9 of Schedule 8 to this Act.
PART V
OTHER REPEALS
Chapter
Short Title Extent of Repeal
5 & 6 Eliz. 2. | The Housing and Town
c . 38. Development ( Scotland)
Act 1957.
1966 с. 49. The Housing ( Scotland)
Act 1966.
Section 9( 4)(b).
In section 149( 1 ), the words
from " and the authority
"
to the end.
In section 151 , paragraphs (a)
and ( b) of subsection (3) and
subsections (4 ) and (5 ) .
In section 153(2 ) the words
" and the rents at which the
houses provided are to be
let".
In section 155( 2 ) the words
from " including" to " let ".
Section 157.
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland ) Act 1972 c. 46 941
SCH. 11
Chapter
Short Title
Extent of Repeal
1966 c. 49 cont.
The Housing (Scotland)
Act. 1966. cont.
1968 с. 31 .
1969 с. 30. 1971 с. 28. The Housing (Financial
Provisions) (Scotland)
Act 1968.
The Town and Country
Planning (Scotland) Act
1969.
The Rent (Scotland) Act
1971. In section 193, in subsection (1)
the words Subject to the
provisions of this section "
and subsection ( 2 ) .
In section 195, in subsection ( 5 )
the words " subject to sub-
section (6 ) of this section ",
and subsection (6 ) .
In Schedule 3, paragraph 3 , in
paragraph 5 the words " and
3 " and paragraph 7.
Section 39.
1971 с. 40.
Section 27( 2).
In section 40( 5)( d ) the words
“ paragraph 4(b) of Schedule
3, and".
Section 45.
or
In section 70(2) the word“ "
occurring after the word
" certificate " and the words
from " on such " to the end.
Section 70( 3).
Sections 77 and 78 .
Section 80(1) .
In section 80(2) the words “
or
confirm ".
In section 80( 4) the words from
" hismeans to the end.
In section 128(2)(d ) , the words
66 paragraph 4(b) of Schedule
3, and".
The Fire Precautions Act In section 34, the words from
1971 . " the provisions of Part II ”
"
to 1968 " and the word
and".“
Part II of the Schedule.
The repeal of section 9( 4) (b) of the Housing and Town Development
( Scotland) Act 1957 has effect only as respects payments for the year
1972-73 and subsequent years .
The repeal of subsections ( 4) and (5 ) of section 151 and the repeals
in section 195 of the Housing (Scotland ) Act 1966 take effect on
1st October 1972 so far as the rent is payable in respect of houses to
which the housing revenue account relates. Otherwise those repeals
take effect on 1st January 1973 .
The repeals in sections 153( 2) and 155( 2) of the Housing (Scotland)
Act 1966 take effect on 1st January 1973.
The repeals in sections 40(5)( d ) and 128(2)(d ) of the Rent (Scotland)
Act 1971 and the repeal of section 45 of that Act take effect on 1st
January 1973 .
TABLE V
Tables of the Derivations of the Consolidation
Acts of 1972
TABLE VI
Effect of Legislation
See Part III
INDEX
TO THE
Public General Acts
AND
GENERAL SYNOD MEASURES 1972
A
ACCIDENTS. Road traffic provisions (c. 20, ss . 25-28)
... I, pp. 195-197
ACTS OF PARLIAMENT.
Consolidation Acts. See BETTING AND GAMING DUTIES ACT (с. 25);
CONTRACTS OF EMPLOYMENT ACT (c. 53) ; LAND CHARGES ACT (c. 61) ;
LOCAL EMPLOYMENT ACT ( c. 5); NATIONAL DEBT ACT (c. 65) ; POISONS
Аст (с. 66 ) ; ROAD TRAFFIC ACT ( c. 20); SUMMER TIME ACT ( c. 6 ); Town
AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND) ACт (с. 52) .
ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE (SCOTLAND) Aст: с. 59... ... II, p. 1714
§ 1. Extended powers of courts to order inspection of documents and other property,
etc. , II, p. 1714.
2. Appeal to House of Lords from interlocutor of Court of Session on motion
for new trial, II, p. 1715.
3. Power of arbiter to state case to Court of Session, II , p. 1716.
4. Rate of interest in sheriff court decrees or extracts , II, p. 1716.
5. Short title, interpretation, commencement and extent, II , p. 1716.
ADMISSION TO HOLY COMMUNION MEASURE: No. 1
... ... III, p. 2529
§ 1. Admission to Holy Communion, III, p. 2529.
2. Short title, III , p. 2529 .
AFFILIATION PROCEEDINGS ( AMENDMENT) Aст: с. 49
... ... II, p. 1157
§ 1. Powers of court on hearing complaint for affiliation order and on appeal, II,
p. 1157.
2. Time for application for summons, II, p. 1158.
3. Procedure on application for, or for variation, revival or revocation of, affiliation
order, II, p. 1158.
4. Short title, extent and commencement, II , p. 1159.
AGENCY. Value added tax provisions (c. 41, s. 24 )... AGRICULTURE ( MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ACT: c. 62... ... I, p. 578
II, p. 1829
§ 1. Control of zoonoses, II, p. 1830.
2. Application of provisions of Diseases of Animals Act 1950 to further animals,
II, p. 1831 .
3. Seizure of milk etc. liable to spread disease , II , p. 1832.
4. Furnishing by milk marketing boards of information derived from tests of
milk, II , p. 1832.
5. Repeal and amendment of certain enactments relating to slaughterhouses in
England and Wales, II , p. 1833 .
6, and schedule 1. Repeal and amendment of enactments relating to slaughterhouses
in Scotland, II, pp. 1834, 1849.
7, and schedule 2. Amendment of Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Acts etc,
II, pp . 1835, 1849 .
8, and schedule 3. Amendment of law relating to improvement of live stock,
II, pp. 1836, 1851 .
Vol III 2 F
ccvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
AGRICULTURE ( MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS) ACT -continued
9, and schedule4. Amendments as to grants and loans in connection with alterations
of farm structure, II, pp. 1837, 1852.
10. Conditions applicable to land where amalgamation or boundary adjustment
has been assisted by a grant or loan, II , p. 1839.
11. Grants for farm improvements, II, p. 1840.
12. Payments into and out of Agricultural Marketing Funds, and abolition of
Marketing Facilities Committees, II, p. 1840.
13. Increase in advances to Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Ltd, II, p. 1841 .
14. Increase of fines, II , p. 1841 .
15. Arbitrations under the Agricultural Holdings Act 1948, II, p. 1842.
16. Levies on processers of and dealers in home-grown cereals, II, p. 1842.
17. Abolition of requirements that dealings and returns relating to corn must be in
hundredweights, II, p. 1843.
18. Power to obtain agricultural statistics by means of notices, II, p. 1843.
19. Use of poison against grey squirrels and coypus, II, p. 1844.
20. Recovery of expenses incurred by authority exercising default powers under
orders made by virtue of Plant Health Act 1967, II, p. 1845 .
21. Abolition of agricultural executive committees, etc. , II, p. 1845.
22 , and schedule 5. Abolition of agricultural wages committees in Scotland, II.
pp. 1846, 1854.
23. Powers of Secretary ofState in relation to certain parks, gardens, etc., in Scotland,
II, p. 1846.
24. Recovery of possession of redundant farmhouses, II, p. 1846.
25. Expenses and receipts, II, p. 1846.
26, and schedule 6. Interpretation and repeals, II, pp. 1847, 1856.
27. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1847.
Schedule 1. Minor and consequential amendments of Part II of Slaughterhouses
Act 1954 (provisions relating to Scotland), II, p. 1849.
Schedule 2. Minor and consequential amendments of Slaughter of Animals
( Scotland) Acts 1928 to 1954, II, p. 1849.
Schedule 3. Licensing of bulls, II, p. 1851 .
Schedule 4. Sections 26( 1) to (6 ) and 28(1 ) of Agriculture Act 1967 as amended,
II, p. 1852.
Schedule 5. Amendments relating to abolition of agricultural wages committees in
Scotland, II , p. 1854.
Schedule 6. Repeals, II, p. 1856.
AIRPORTS AUTHORITY Aст: с. 8.. .. .. I, p. 47
§ 1. Increase in borrowing limit of British Airports Authority, I, p. 47.
2.
Power of British Airports Authority to borrow money in currencies other than
sterling, I, p. 47.
3. Short title and extent, I, p. 48.
APPEALS.
Under-
Administration of Justice ( Scotland ) Act ( c. 59, s. 2 )
... II, p. 1715
Finance Act (c. 41, ss. 40, 82, sch. 12 Pt. I para. 5 )
I, pp. 590, 624, 700
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement ) Act (c.
18, s. 12 ) I, p. 147
Road Traffic Act ( c. 20, ss. 49, 90, 94, 118, 132 )
I, pp. 219, 258, 261, 273, 285
Sunday Cinema Act (c. 19, s . 2)
... I, p. 180
Superannuation Act ( c. 11, s. 11)
I, p. 63
APPROPRIATION ACT (c. 56) ( applying sums out of the Consolidated Fund for
service of the year ending on 31st March 1973)
ARREST. Powers of , under
Road Traffic Act (c. 20, ss. 5(5), 19(3), 100)
... ... I, pp. 186, 193, 263
Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act (c. 27, s. 3 (2))
...
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act ( c. 37, s. 11 )
I, p. 450
I , p. 541
ATTORNEY GENERAL. Consent of , to proceedings under Counter-Inflation
( Temporary Provisions) Act (c. 74, s . 5( 9))... ... ... III, p. 2508
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccvii
B
BANK NOTES. Abolition of stamp duty on ( c. 41, s. 126 )
BENEFICES MEASURE: No. 3
§ 1. Additional grounds for refusing to institute, III, p. 2557.
2. Extent and application, III, p. 2557.
3. Short title, III, p. 2558.
... I, p. 661
III, p. 2557
BETTING AND GAMING DUTIES ACт: с. 25...
I, p. 388
PART I
BETTING DUTIES
General betting duty
§ 1. General betting duty, I, p. 388.
2. Payment and recovery of general betting duty, I, p. 389.
3. Allowance for hedging bets, I, p. 389 .
4. Bets on more than one contingency, I, p. 390.
5. Calculation of stake, I, p. 390.
Pool Betting duty
6. Pool betting duty, I, p. 390.
7. Amount of pool betting duty, I, p. 391 .
8. Payment and recovery of pool betting duty, I, p. 392 .
General
9. Prohibitions for protection of revenue, I, p. 393.
10. Definition of pool betting, I, p. 394.
11. Definition of coupon betting, I, p. 396.
12, and schedule 1. Supplementary provisions, I, pp. 396, 408.
PART II
GAMING DUTIES
Gaming licence duty
13. Gaming licence duty, I , p. 397.
14. Amount of gaming licence duty, I, p. 397.
15. Games to which section 13 applies, I, p. 398.
16 , and schedule 2. Supplementary provisions as to gaming licence duty, I, pp. 398,
418.
Bingo duty
17 , and schedule 3. Bingo duty, I, pp. 399, 426.
18. Payment and recovery ofbingo duty, I, p. 399.
19. Play in more than one place, I, p. 400.
20, and schedule 3. Supplementary provisions as to bingo duty, I, pp. 400, 426.
Gaming machine licence duty
21. 22. Gaming machine licence duty, I, p. 401.
Criteria for determining duty on ordinary licences , I, p. 401.
23. Amount of duty on ordinary licences, I, p. 402.
24. Holiday season licences , I, p . 403 .
25, and schedule 4. Restrictions on provision of gaming machines, I, pp. 404, 434.
26. Meaning of " gaming machine ", I, p. 404.
27, and schedule 4. Supplementary provisions as to gaming machine licence duty,
I, pp. 406, 434.
PART III
GENERAL
28. Interpretation, I, p. 406.
29, and schedules 4-7. Repeals and transitional provisions, I, pp. 407, 434-444 .
30. Short title, construction, commencement and extent, I, p. 407.
2F2
ccviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
BETTING AND GAMING DUTIES ACT -continued
Schedule 1 . Supplementary provisions as to betting duties, I, p. 408.
Schedule 2. Supplementary provisions as to gaming licence duty, I, p. 418.
Schedule 3. Provisions relating to bingo duty, I, p. 426.
Schedule 4. Provisions relating to gaming machine licence duty, I, p. 434.
Schedule 5. Consequential amendments, I, p. 442.
Schedule 6. Transitional provisions , I, p. 443.
Schedule 7. Repeals, I, p. 444.
BETTING DUTY. Reduction ofgeneral, on on-course bets ( c. 41 , s. 58) I, p. 603
BICYCLES, PEDAL.
Offences connected with riding ofpedal cycles (c. 20, ss . 17–21) I, pp. 193-194
Lighting of (c. 20, s. 74)...
I, p. 243
Regulation of brakes, etc. ( c. 20, s. 66 )...
...
I, p. 238
BINGO DUTY. Duties on (c. 25, ss. 17-20)... ...
I, pp. 399-400
BRITISH AIRPORTS AUTHORITY. See AIRPORTS AUTHORITY ACT ( c. 8).
BRITISH AIRWAYS BOARD. Superannuation ofemployees of (c. 11, s. 21) I, p. 71
BRITISH EUROPEAN AIRWAYS CORPORATION. Superannuation of employees of
( c. 11, s. 21)...
...
... ...
I, p. 71
BRITISH LIBRARY ACT : с. 54
II, p. 1558
§ 1. The British Library, II , p. 1558 .
2 , and schedule. The Board, II, pp. 1559, 1563.
3. Transfer of British Museum Library, II, p. 1560.
4. Further provisions as to the Board, II, p. 1560.
5. Finance and accounts, II, p. 1561 .
6. Consultation on terms and conditions of employment of staff, II, p. 1562.
7. Citation, II , p. 1562.
Schedule. The British Library Board and its Advisory Councils, II, p. 1563 .
BRITISH OVERSEAS AIRWAYS CORPORATION. Superannuation of employees of
( c. 11 , s. 21)... ... ... I , p. 71
BRITISH STEEL CORPORATION. See IRON AND STEEL ACT (с. 12) .
BUILDING SOCIETIES. Corporation tax provisions ( c. 41, s. 96) ... I, p. 639
BYELAWS. Local Government provisions (c. 70, ss. 235-238)... III, pp. 2173
C
CAPITAL ALLOWANCES. See FINANCE ACT ( c. 41) .
CAPITAL GAINS. See FINANCE ACT ( c. 41, s . 93, Pt. VI) .
CAR TAX. See FINANCE Aст ( с. 41, s. 52, sch . 7).
CARRIAGE BY RAILWAY ACT : c. 33 ...... ... ... I, p. 501
§ 1, and schedule. Scheduled Convention to have the force of law, I, pp. 501 , 509.
2. Designation of Contracting States, I, p. 502.
3. Fatal accidents , I, p. 502.
4. Power of court to take account of other proceedings relating to damage to or
loss of articles, I, p. 503.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccix
CARRIAGE BY RAILWAY ACT -continued
5. Registration of foreign judgments under the Additional Convention, I, p. 503 .
6. Actions, judgments and decrees relating to carriage in accordance with Conven-
tions, I, p . 504.
7. Rights and obligations of consignee in relation to Railway Freight Convention,
I, p. 505.
8. Recovery of surcharges and compensation under Railway Freight and Passenger
Conventions, I , p. 506.
9. Amendments consequential on revision of Conventions, I, p. 506.
10. Application to Northern Ireland, I, p. 507.
11. Orders in Council, I, p. 508 .
12. Application to Crown, I, p. 508.
13. Short title, interpretation and commencement, I, p . 508 .
Schedule . Additional Convention to the International Convention concerning the
Carriage of Passengers and Luggage by Rail, I, p. 509 .
CEYLON. See SRI LANKA REPUBLIC ACT ( с. 55).
CHANNEL ISLANDS. Application to under-
Benefices Measure ( No. 3, s . 2(1))... Deaconesses and Lay Ministry Measure ( No. 4, s . 2(2))... European Communities Act (c. 68, s. 4( 4))... ... National Debt Act (c. 65, s. 19)
Post Office (Borrowing) Act (c. 79, s . 2(5))... ..
... Repair of Benefice Buildings Measure (No. 2, s . 36( 2)).. Sierra Leone Republic Act (c. 1 , s . 1 (2)).. Sound Broadcasting Act ( c. 31 , s. 13(5) )... ... Summer Time Act (c. 6, s . 5) III, p. 2257
III, p. 2560
III, p . 1952
III, p. 1898
III , p. 2525
III, p. 2552
I, p. 1
I, p. 491
I, p. 39
CHARITIES.
Estate duty (c. 41 , s. 121)... ... ...
Gifts to (c. 41 , s. 119)
Local Government provisions (c. 70, s. 210)
...
CHILDREN ACT: c. 44
... ... ...
I, p. 658
I, p. 655
III, p. 2153
I, p. 817
§ 1. Minimum age of employment, I, p. 817.
2 , and schedule. Short title, repeal and extent, I, pp. 817, 818.
Schedule. Enactments repealed, I, p. 818.
CHRONICALLY SICK AND DISABLED PERSONS (SCOTLAND) Аст: с. 51 II, p. 1177
§ 1. Amendment of section 29( 2 ) of the Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons Act
1970, II, р. 1177.
2. Expenses, II, p. 1178.
3. Short title, II, p. 1178.
CHURCH OF ENGLAND. See ADMISSION TO HOLY COMMUNION MEASURE (NO. 1) ;
BENEFICES MEASURE (NO. 3) ; CLERGY PENSIONS (AMENDMENT) MEASURE
( No. 5); DEACONESSES AND LAY MINISTRY MEASURE (NO. 4 ) ; REPAIR OF
BENEFICE BUILDINGS MEASURE (No. 2 ).
CINEMA. See SUNDAY CINEMA ACT (c. 19) .
CINEMATOGRAPH FUND. Winding-up of (c. 19, s. 3)... ... I, p. 181
CIVIL EVIDENCE ACT: с. 30... ... I, p. 471
§ 1. Application of Part I of Civil Evidence Act 1968 to statements of opinion,
I, p. 471.
2. Rules of court with respect to expert reports and oral expert evidence, I, p. 472.
3. Admissibility of expert opinion and certain expressions of non-expert opinion,
I, p. 473.
4. Evidence of foreign law, I, p. 474.
5. Interpretation, application to arbitrations, etc. , and savings, I, p. 475.
6. Short title, extent and commencement, I, p. 475.
2F3
CCX Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
CIVIL LIST Аст: с. 7 .....
I , p. 40
§ 1. Annual payment for the Queen's Civil List, I, p. 41 .
2. 3. Further provision for members of the Royal Family, I, p. 42.
Supplementary provision, I, p. 42.
4. Civil List and other pensions, I, p. 43.
5. Reports by Royal Trustees as to financial provision made by this Act, I, p. 43.
6. Power by order to increase financial provision made by this Act, I, p. 44.
7. Charge of payments under this Act, I, p. 44.
8, and schedule. Short title and supplemental provisions, I, pp. 44, 46.
Schedule. Repeals, I, p. 46.
CLERGY PENSIONS ( AMENDMENT) MEASURE: No. 5... III, p. 2561
§ 1. Added period of pensionable service, III, p. 2561 .
2. Rates of pension, III , p . 2561 .
3. Medical review in cases of disability pensions, III , p. 2562.
4. Pensions for widows, III, p. 2563.
5. Minor amendments , III, p. 2564.
6. Power of General Synod to make further provision by regulations for clergy
pensions , III, p. 2565 .
7. Construction, interp interpretation and citation, III, p. 2565.
CLOSE COMPANIES. See FINANCE ACT ( c. 41, s. 94, schs. 16, 17) .
CLOSE SEASON. For-
freshwater fish and rainbow trout ( c. 37, s. 4 )... ... ... salmon and brown or migratory trout ( c. 37, s . 3)... ... COMPANIES. (See also EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES ACT (c. 68, s. 9) ). and company distributions ( c. 41 , Pt. V )... .. COMPANIES (FLOATING CHARGES AND RECEIVERS) (SCOTLAND) ACT: c. 67
I, p. 536
I, p. 535
Taxation of ,
I, p. 627
III , p. 1915
PART I.-FLOATING CHARGES
§ 1. Power of incorporated companies to create floating charges, III, p. 1915.
2. Creation of floating charges by Scottish companies, III, p. 1916 .
3. Effect of floating charges in relation to heritable property in Scotland, III, p. 1917.
4. Extension of power of court to wind up a company, III, p. 1917.
5. Ranking of floating charges, III, p. 1917.
6, and schedule. Registration of charges, III, pp. 1918, 1940.
7. Alteration of floating charges, III, p. 1918.
8. Floating charge not a fraudulent preference, III, p. 1920.
9. Amendment of Act of 1948, III, p. 1920.
10. Amendment of Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1967, III, p. 1920.
PART II . -RECEIVERS
11. Power to appoint receiver, III, p. 1921 .
12. Circumstances justifying appointment, III, p. 1922.
13. Mode of appointment by holder of charge, III, p. 1922.
14. Mode of appointment by court, III, p. 1923.
15. Powers of receiver, III, p. 1924.
16. Precedence among receivers, III, p. 1926.
17. Agency and liability of r
of receiver for contracts, III, p. 1927.
18. Remuneration of receiver, III, p. 1927.
19. Payment of certain debts out of assets subject to floating charge in priority to
claims under the charge, III, p. 1928.
20. Distribution of monies, III, p. 1929 .
21. Disposal of interest in property, III , p. 1930 .
22. Cessation of appointment of receiver , III , p. 1931 .
23. Powers of court, III , p. 1932.
24. Notification that receiver appointed, III, p. 1932.
25. Provisions as to information where receiver appointed, III, p. 1932.
26. 27. Special provisions as to statement submitted to receiver, III, p. 1934.
Enforcement of duty of receiver to make returns, etc. , III, p. 1935 .
28. Interpretation of Part II, III, p. 1936.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxi
COMPANIES (FLOATING CHARGES AND RECEIVERS) (SCOTLAND ) ACT -continued
PART III . -MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
29. Regulations, III, p. 1937.
30. Repeal and transitional provisions , III, p. 1937.
31. Interpretation, III , p. 1938 .
32. Citation, extent and commencement, III, p. 1939.
Schedule. Part IIIA of the Act of 1948, III, p. 1940.
COMPENSATION. Provisions under-
Criminal Justice Act ( c. 71, ss. 1-5, 40 )...
III, pp. 2439, 2468
Finance Act ( c. 41, ss. 73, 130 )...
I, pp. 612, 663
Gas Act(c. 60, s. 37)
II, p. 1748
Superannuation Act ( c. 11, s. 24)
I , p. 74
Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act (c. 52, Pts. VII, VIII, ss . 226–229,
241 )
II, pp. 1294, 1321
CONSERVATORS OF THE RIVER THAMES. Superannuation of employees of
( c. 11, s. 20 )... I , p. 70
CONSOLIDATED FUND Aст: с. 13 I, p. 116
CONSOLIDATED FUND ( No. 2 ) Аст: с. 23... I, p. 386
CONSOLIDATED FUND ( No. 3) Аст: с. 78... ... ... III, p. 2523
CONTRACTS OF EMPLOYMENT ACT : с. 53...
II, p. 1539
Minimum period ofnotice
§ 1 , and schedule 1. The rights of employer and employee to a minimum period of
notice, II, pp. 1539, 1550.
2 , and schedule 2. The rights of employee in period of notice, II , pp. 1540, 1553.
3. Measure of damages in proceedings against employers, II , p. 1540.
Written particulars ofterms ofemployment
4. Written particulars of terms of employment, II , p. 1540 .
5. Changes in terms of employment, II, p. 1542.
6. Exclusion of certain contracts in writing, II, p. 1543 .
7. Power of Secretary of State to require further particulars, II, p. 1544.
8. References to tribunal as to particulars of terms of employment, II , p. 1544.
Excluded categories ofemployees
9. Excluded categories of employees, II, p. 1546.
Supplemental
10. Power to vary number of weekly hours of employment necessary to qualify for
rights, II , p. 1547 .
11. Interpretation, II, p. 1547.
12. Work outside Great Britain , II, p. 1548.
13, and schedule 3. Repeals and transitional provisions, II, pp. 1548, 1557.
14. Short title and application to Northern Ireland, II, p. 1549 .
Schedule 1. Computation of
putation of period of employment, II, p. 1550 .
Schedule 2. Rights of employee in period of notice, II , p. 1553 .
Schedule 3. Repeals, II, p. 1557 .
CONVEYANCES. Reduction of stamp duty on ( c. 41, s. 125)
COPYRIGHT. See PERFORMERS PROTECTION Aст (с. 32 ).
... I, p. 661
CORPORATION TAX. See FINANCE ACT ( c. 41 , Pts. IV, V ) .
2F4
ccxii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
COUNTER- INFLATION (TEMPORARY PROVISIONS) ACT: c. 74
... III, p. 2505
§ 1. Duration of section 2, III , p. 2505.
2. Prices, pay, dividends and rents, III, p. 2505.
3. Existing contracts of employment : modification while section 2 is in force,
III, p. 2506.
4. Power to obtain information, III, p. 2507.
5. Offences, III , p. 2507.
6. Application to Scotland, III, p. 2509.
7. Application to Northern Ireland, III, p. 2509.
8. Interpretation, III , p. 2509 .
9. Administrative expenses, III , p. 2510.
10, and schedule. Short title and supplemental provisions, III, pp. 2510, 2511 .
Schedule. Supplemental provisions, III , p. 2511 .
CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT: с. 71... ... ... ... III, p. 2439
PART I. POWERS FOR DEALING WITH OFFENDERS
Compensation orders
§ 1. Compensation orders against convicted persons III, p. 2439.
2. Appeals in the case of compensation orders, III, p. 2440.
3. Review of compensation orders, III, p. 2441 .
4. Effect of compensation order on subsequent award of damages in civil pro-
ceedings, III , p. 2441 .
5. Priority for sums awarded by compensation orders , III, p. 2442.
Restitution orders
6. Restitution orders, III, p. 2442.
Criminal bankruptcy
7, and schedule 1. Criminal bankruptcy orders against convicted persons, III,
pp. 2443, 2482.
8. Appeals in the case of criminal bankruptcy orders, III, p. 2444.
9, and schedule 1. The Official Petitioner,
tioner, III, pp. 2445, 2482.
10. Recovery of assets for benefit of criminal bankrupt's creditors, III, p. 2446.
11. 12. 13. 14. Sentences of imprisonment
Suspended sentences , III, p. 2447.
Suspended sentence supervision orders, III, p. 2447.
Breach of requirements of suspended sentence supervision order, III, p. 2449.
Restriction on imprisonment of persons who have not previously served prison
sentences , III, p. 2450.
Community service orders
15. Community service orders in respect of convicted persons, III, p. 2451 .
16. Obligations of person subject to community service order, III, p. 2452.
17. Breach of requirements of community service order, III, p. 2453.
18. Amendment and revocation of community service orders, III, p. 2454.
19. Community service rules, III, p. 2456.
20. 21. Probation orders
Probation orders requiring attendance at day training centre, III, p. 2456.
Penalties for breach of requirements of probation order, III, p. 2457.
22. 23. 24. Other powers
Deferment of sentence, III , p. 2458.
Power to deprive offender of property used, or intended for use, for purposes
of crime, III , p. 2459.
Driving disqualification where vehicle used for purposes of crime, III , p.2460.
PART II . -JURY SERVICE
25, and schedule 2. Qualification for jury service, III, pp. 2461, 2486.
26. Electoral register as basis of juror selection, III, p. 2462.
27. Payments in respect of jury service, III, p. 2463.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxiii
CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT -continued
PART III . -MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
28. Punishment for firearms offences , III, p. 2463.
29. Possession of firearms by persons convicted of crime in Northern Ireland,
III, p. 2464.
30. Punishment for unlawful eviction or harassment of tenants , III, p. 2465.
31 . Punishment for certain offences of Sunday trading, III , p. 2465.
32. Punishment for use of premises in breach of closing order, III , p . 2465.
33. Extension of definition of" public place " in Public Order Act 1936, III, p. 2465.
34. Power of constable to take drunken offender to treatment centre, III , p . 2465 .
35. Release on licence without recommendation of Parole Board, III , p. 2466.
36. Reference to Court ofAppeal of point of law following acquittal on indictment,
III, p. 2466.
37. Restrictions on imprisonment etc. of persons not legally represented, III, p. 2467.
38. Legal aid for appeals under Part I of Criminal Appeal Act 1968 , III, p. 2468.
39, and schedule 3. Costs on appeal, III, pp. 2468, 2489.
40. Power of Crown Court to allow time for payment, or payment by instalments,
of costs and compensation, III, p. 2468.
41. Power of magistrates' court to re- open cases to rectify mistakes etc. , III, p. 2468
42. Order for return to borstal institution on re-conviction, III, p. 2469.
43. Release of young persons arrested without warrant, III, p. 2470.
44. Committal for trial of young persons, III, p. 2470.
45. Power to receive evidence in committal proceedings in absence of accused,
III, p. 2470.
46. Admissibility of written statements made outside England and Wales, III , p. 2470.
47. Summary trial of certain offences of arson, III, p. 2471 .
48. Proceedings under Indecency with Children Act 1960 , III , p . 2471 .
49. Community service order in lieu of warrant of commitment for failure to pay
fine etc. , III , p. 2471 .
50. Transfer of fine orders, III , p. 2472.
51. Execution of process between England and Wales and Scotland, III, p. 2472 .
PART IV. -ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS
52. Functions of probation and after- care committees in relation to community
service orders , III, p. 2473.
53. Provision of day training centres, bail hostels, probation hostels etc., III, p. 2474.
54. Maintenance of persons attending day training centres, III , p. 2475.
55. Provision of accommodation for probation service, III , p. 2475.
56. Financial and other provisions as to probation and after- care committees,
III, p. 2476.
57. Membership of probation and after-care committees and delegation of their
functions , III , p. 2477.
58. Amendment of Police (Property) Act 1897, III , p. 2477 .
59. Abolition of duty to re- convey certain prisons to local authorities , III, p. 2477.
60. Power of entry in connection with acquisition of land for prisons, III, p. 2477 .
61. Grants by Secretary of State for magistrates' courts purposes, III, p. 2478.
62. Justices' clerks and their staff, III, p. 2479.
PART V. SUPPLEMENTARY
63, and schedule 4. Powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland, III, pp. 2479, 2490.
64 , and schedules 5, 6. Minor and consequential amendments and repeals, III,
pp . 2480, 2491, 2497.
65. Expenses and receipts , III, p. 2480.
66. Citation, interpretation, commencement and extent, III , p. 2480.
Schedule 1. Criminal bankruptcy orders , III, p. 2482.
Schedule 2. Ineligibility and disqualification for, and excusal from, jury service,
III, p. 2486.
Schedule 3.
Schedule 4. Amendments of enactments relating to costs on appeal, III, p. 2489.
Section to be inserted in the Criminal Appeal ( Northern Ireland ) Act
1968, III , p. 2490.
Schedule 5. Minor and consequential amendments, III, p. 2491 .
Schedule 6. Repeals, III, p . 2497.
ccxiv Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
CROWN. Application to, under-
Carriage by Railway Act (c. 33, s. 12 )...
I, p. 508
Counter-Inflation ( Temporary Provisions) Act ( c. 74 , sch. para 8) III, p. 2512
Defective Premises Act ( c. 35, s . 5 )...
.. I, p. 530
Finance Act ( c. 41, s . 19)...
... I, p. 575
Land Charges Act ( c. 61, s. 15 )...
II, p. 1815
Road Traffic Act ( c. 20, s. 188)
I, p. 319
Town and Country Planning (Scotland ) Act ( c. 52, ss. 253-255) II, p. 1406
CROWN COURT. See CRIMINAL JUSTICE Aст (с. 71) .
CUSTOMS AND EXCISE. See EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES ACT ( c. 68, s. 5 ); FINANCE
Аст (с. 41 , Pt. III, sch. 8) .
D
DAMAGES.
Carriage by railway ( c. 33, ss. 3, 4 )
I, pp. 502, 503
For wrongful dismissal (c. 53, s. 3)
II, p. 1540
DEACONESSES AND LAY MINISTRY MEASURE: No. 4
III, p. 2559
§ 1. Provision for extending the ministry of deaconesses, licensed lay workers,
readers and others, III , p. 2559.
2. Short title and extent, III, p. 2560.
DEFECTIVE PREMISES ACT : с. 35
... I, p. 526
§ 1. Duty to build dwellings properly, I, p. 526.
2. Cases excluded from the remedy under section 1, I, p. 526.
3. Duty of care with respect to work done on premises not abated by disposal of
premises , I, p. 529.
4. Landlord's duty of care in virtue of obligation or right to repair premises
demised, I, p. 529.
5. Application to Crown, I, p. 530.
6. Supplemental, I, p. 530.
7. Short title, commencement and extent, I, p. 531 .
DEPOSIT OF POISONOUS WASTE ACT: c. 21... ... ... ... I, p. 373
§ 1. 2. General prohibition on depositing poisonous and other dangerous waste, I, p. 373.
Civil liability, I, p. 375.
3. Duty to notify responsible authorities before removing or depositing waste,
I, p. 375.
4. Operators ofcommercial tips, I, p. 377.
5. Local authorities and their functions, I, p. 378.
6. Offences by bodies corporate, I, p. 379.
7. Interpretation, I, p. 379.
8. Citation, commencement and extent, I, p. 379.
DERELICT LAND. See LOCAL EMPLOYMENT ACT ( c. 5, s. 8) .
DISABLED PERSONS. See CHRONICALLY SICK AND DISABLED PERSONS (SCOTLAND)
ACT ( c. 51) ; TRADING REPRESENTATIONS (DISABLED PERSONS) AMENDMENT
Аст( с. 45 ).
Dogs. Control of , on roads ( c. 20, s. 31)... ... ... I , p. 198
DOUBLE TAXATION RELIEF. See FINANCE Aст ( с. 41 , ss. 83, 100) .
DRUGS. Driving or cycling under influence of ( c. 20, ss. 5, 19) I, pp. 185, 193
DRUNKENNESS. Provisions under-
Criminal Justice Act ( c. 71 , s . 34)... ... ... ... III, p. 2465
Road Traffic Act ( c. 20, ss. 5-12, 19)... ... ... I, pp. 185-191, 193
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
E
CCXV
EELS AND ELVERS. See SALMON AND FRESHWATER FISHERIES Aст (с. 37) .
ELECTRICITY ACT: c. 17
I, p. 128
§ 1. Borrowing powers of electricity authorities, I, p. 128.
2. Contributions by Secretary of State towards expenditure intended to promote
employment, I, p. 129.
3. Transfer of property between Electricity Boards, I, p. 130.
4 , and schedule. Citation, construction and repeals , I, pp . 130, 131 .
Schedule. Repeals , I, p. 131 .
EMPLOYMENT. Minimum age of( c. 44, s. 1)
EMPLOYMENT MEDICAL ADVISORY SERVICE ACT: с. 28
I, p. 817
I, p. 457
Employment Medical Advisory Service
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Establishment, organization and functions of employment
medical advisory service, I, pp. 457, 465.
Amendments ofFactories Act 1961
2 , and schedule 2. General amendments, I , pp. 459, 466.
3. Medical examinations of persons employed in factories, I, p. 460.
4. Employment of women and young persons in processes involving the use of lead
compounds, I, p. 461 .
5. Duty of factory occupier to give notice of employment of a young person,
I, p. 461 .
6. Fees for medical examinations or supervision conducted or exercised under
Factories Act 1961, I, p. 462.
7. Obstruction of inspector or employment medical adviser, I, p. 463 .
8. Supplementary, I, p. 463.
Short title, repeal, commencement and extent
9, and schedule 3. Short title, repeal, commencement and extent, I, pp. 464, 467.
Schedule 1. Provisions of the Factories Act 1961 applying to give employment
medical advisers certain powers of inspectors, I, p. 465.
Schedule 2. Amendments of provisions of the Factories Act 1961 referring to
appointed factory doctor, I, p. 466.
Schedule 3. Provisions of the Factories Act 1961 repealed, I, p. 467.
ENTRY. Powers of , under-
Criminal Justice Act ( c. 71, s. 60)
III, p. 2477
Finance Act ( c. 41, s. 37, sch. 7 para. 21)
I, pp. 587, 688
Gas Act (c. 60, sch. 4 paras. 24-28)
II, p. 1776
Repair of Benefice Buildings Measure ( No. 2, s . 11)... ...
III, p. 2538
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act (c. 37, s. 11)..
I, p. 541
Town and Country Planning (Scotland ) Act ( c. 52, s . 265 )...
II, p. 1414
Esk. Application to, of Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act ( c. 37, s. 15 )
I, p. 545
ESTATE DUTY. See FINANCE ACT (c. 41, Pt. VI) .
EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES ACT: c. 68... ..
III, p. 1947
PART I. -GENERAL PROVISIONS
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Short title and interpretation, III , pp. 1947, 1964.
2 , and schedule 2. General implementation of Treaties, III, pp. 1948, 1966.
3. Decisions on, and proof of, Treaties and Community instruments etc., III, p.1950.
ccxvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES ACT-continued
PART II . AMENDMENT OF LAW
4, and schedules 3, 4. General provision for repeal and amendment, III, pp. 1951
1967.
5. Customs duties, III, p. 1952.
6. The common agricultural policy, III , p. 1955.
7. Sugar, III, p. 1957.
8. Cinematographic films , III, p. 1958 .
9. Companies, III , p. 1959 .
10. Restrictive trade practices , III, p. 1962.
11. Community offences, III, p. 1963.
12. Furnishing of information to Communities, III , p. 1964.
Schedule 1. Definitions relating to Communities, III, p.
III, p. 1965.
Schedule 2. Provisions as to subordinate legislation, III, p. 1966.
Schedule 3. Repeals, III, p. 1967.
Schedule 4. Enactments amended, III, p. 1971 .
EVIDENCE.
Car tax provisions ( c. 41, sch . 7 para. 24 )
Maintenance orders provisions (c. 18, ss. 13, 14 )
Road traffic provisions ( c. 20, ss. 181, 182 )
Value added tax provisions ( c. 41, ss. 34, 39)
...
...
EXCISE. See BETTING AND GAMING DUTIES ACT (c. 25 ) .
I, p. 690
I, pp. 148, 149
... I, pp. 315, 316
I, pp. 584, 589
F
FERRIES. See HARBOURS, PIERS AND FERRIES (SCOTLAND) ACT (c. 29) .
FIELD MONUMENTS ACт: с. 43
... ... .. ... I, p. 812
§ 1 , and schedule. Acknowledgment payments under agreements for the protection
of field monuments, I, pp. 812, 815.
2. Effect of Acknowledgment payment agreement in relation to demolition etc. of
monuments, I, p. 813.
3. Citation, construction and extent, I, p. 814.
Schedule. Acknowledgment payment agreements, I, p. 815.
FILMS . See EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES ACT ( c. 68, s. 8) ; SUNDAY CINEMA ACT
( c . 19 ).
FINANCE Aст: с. 41... .. .. ... ... I, p. 561
PART I. -VALUE ADDED TAX
Imposition and extent oftax
§ 1. Value added tax, I, p. 561 .
2. Scope of tax, I, p. 562.
3. Deduction of input tax, I, p. 562.
4, and schedule 1. Taxable persons, I, pp. 564, 666.
Supply
5 , and schedule 2. Supply of goods and services, I, pp. 564, 668.
6. Self - supply, I, p. 565.
7. 8. Time of supply, I, p. 566.
Place of supply, I, p. 567.
Rate of tax and determination of value
9. Rate of tax, I, p. 568.
10 , and schedule 3. Value of supply of goods or services, I, pp. 569, 669.
11. Value of imported goods, I, p. 569.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxvii
FINANCE Act-continued
PART I -continued
Reliefs
12, and schedule 4. Zero-rating, I, pp. 569, 670.
13, and schedule 5. Exemptions, I, pp. 571, 676.
14. Relief on supply of certain second- hand goods, I, p. 571 .
15. Refund of tax in certain cases , I , p. 572 .
16. Relief from tax on importation of goods, I, p. 573 .
Further provisions as to importation ofgoods
17. Application of customs enactments , I, p. 574.
18. Importation of goods by taxable persons, I , p. 575.
Special cases
19. Application to Crown, I , p. 575 .
20. Local authorities , I, p. 575.
21. Groups of companies, I, p. 575.
22. Partnerships, I, p. 577 .
23. Business carried on in divisions or by unincorporated bodies, personal rep-
resentatives , etc. , I, p. 577 .
24. Agents, etc. , I, p. 578.
25. Transfers of going concerns, I, p. 578.
26. Terminal markets, I, p. 578.
27. Supplies of dutiable goods in warehouse, I, p. 579.
28. Capital goods, I, p. 580.
29. Trading stamp schemes, I, p. 580.
Collection and enforcement
30. Accounting for and payment of tax, I, p. 580.
31. Power of Commissioners to asses tax due, I, p. 582.
32. Power to require security and production of evidence, I, p. 583.
33. Recovery of tax, etc., I, p. 583.
34. Duty to keep records, I, p. 584.
35. 36. Furnishing of information and production of documents, I, p. 585.
Power to take samples, I, p. 587.
37. Entry and search of premises and persons, I, p. 587.
38. Offences and penalties , I, p. 588 .
39. Evidence by certificate, etc., I, p. 589.
Appeals
40, and schedule 6. Appeals, I, pp. 590, 679.
Supplementary
41. Priority of tax in bankruptcy, winding-up, etc., I, p. 591 .
42. Adjustment of contracts on changes in tax, I, p. 592.
43. 44. Orders, rules and regulations, I, p. 593.
Service of notices, I, p. 593.
45. Meaning of " business ", etc. , I, p. 593.
46. Interpretation, I, p. 594.
47. Commencement, I, p. 595.
48. Television sets supplied on hire at commencement of tax, I, p. 595.
49. Vehicles brought back to U.K. after remission of purchase tax, I, p. 595.
50. Isle of Man, I, p. 595.
51. Refund of tax to Government of Northern Ireland, I, p. 596.
PART II . CAR TAX AND PURCHASE TAX
52, and schedule 7. Car tax, I, pp. 596, 681 .
53. Purchase tax: alteration of rates , I, p. 598.
54. Abolition of purchase tax, I, p. 598.
55. Amendments consequential on replacement of purchase tax, I, p. 600.
ccxviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
FINANCE Act-continued
PART III . -CUSTOMS AND EXCISE
56, and schedule 8. Spirits and mechanical lighters (Kennedy round reductions),
I, pp. 601, 693.
57. Spirits -compounding and rectifying in warehouse and use for medical purposes,
I, p. 601 .
58. Reduction of general betting duty on on- course bets, I, p. 603 .
59. Gaming licence duty, I, p. 603.
60. Continuation of powers under section 9 of Finance Act 1961, I, p. 604.
61. Temporary power to reduce certain revenue duties, I, p. 604.
PART IV. -INCOME TAX AND CORPORATION TAX
62. Charge of income tax for 1972-73, I, p. 604.
63. Surtax rates for 1971-72, I, p. 605.
64. Charge of corporation tax for financial year 1971 , I, p. 605.
65. Alterations of personal reliefs, I, p. 605.
66. Income tax rates for 1973-74, I, p. 606.
67. Capital allowances, I, p. 606.
68. Restriction of capital allowances in respect of machinery and plant, I, p. 607.
69. Restriction of balancing allowances on sale of industrial buildings and structures,
I, p. 609.
70. Disabled persons' vehicle maintenance grant, I, p. 611 .
71. Temporary disregard of increase in certain pensions and allowances, I, p. 611 .
72. Terminal grants to Members of Parliament, I, p. 611 .
73. Compensation for premature retirement, etc. , I, p. 612.
74. Occupational pension schemes, I, p. 612.
75, and schedules 9-11 . Relief for payment of interest, I, pp . 612, 694-698.
76. Securities bought with borrowed money, I, p. 613 .
77, and schedule 12. Share options -modification of section 186( 2) of Taxes Act,
I, pp. 615, 699.
78, and schedule 12. A Approved share option schemes, I, pp. 616, 699.
79, and schedule 12. Share incentive schemes, I, I, pp. 617, 699.
80. Land sold and leased back: taxation of consideration received, I, p. 620.
81, and schedule 13. Premiums for and duration of leases, I, pp. 622, 706.
82. Appeals against determinations under sections 80 to 82 of Taxes Act, I, p. 624.
83. Double taxation relief for underlying tax, I, p. 625.
PART V. -TAXATION OF COMPANIES AND COMPANY DISTRIBUTIONS
Advance corporation tax and tax credit
84 , and schedule 14. Liability for advance corporation tax where company makes
qualifying distribution, I, pp. 627, 708 .
85. 86. 87. Payments of advance corporation tax to be set against company's liability to
corporation tax on its income, I, p. 627.
Tax credit for certain recipients of qualifying distributions, I, p. 629.
Income tax on distributions, I, p. 630.
Franked investment income
88. "
Franked investment income " , I, p. 631 .
89, and schedule 14. Calculation of advance corporation tax where company receives
franked investment income, I, pp. 631 , 708 .
90 , and schedule 15. Set-off of losses etc. against surplus of franked investment
income, I, p. 632.
Groups ofcompanies
91, and schedule 15. Group income, I , pp. 633, 712.
92. Setting of company's surplus advance corporation tax against subsidiary's
liability, I, p. 633.
Companies ' capital gains
93. Reduction of corporation tax liability in respect of chargeable gains, I, p. 635.
Close companies
94, and schedules 16 , 17. Close companies, I, pp. 637, 716, 732.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxix
FINANCE ACT-continued
PART V-continued
Special classes ofcompanies
95. Mitigation of corporation tax liability of small companies, I, p. 638.
96. Mitigation of corporation tax liability of industrial and provident societies,
housing associations and building societies , I, p. 639.
97, and schedule 18. Insurance companies, I, pp. 640, 735.
Overseas residents and income
98. Persons resident abroad: tax credit, I, p. 640.
99, and schedule 19. Companies with overseas trading income: extension and
100. modification of transitional relief , I, pp. 641 , 738.
Double taxation relief, I, p. 641 .
Miscellaneous provisions
101. Change in ownership of company: calculation and treatment of advance
corporation tax, I, p. 643 .
102. Rectification of excessive set-off etc. of advance corporation tax or tax credit,
I, p. 644.
103. Charge of advance corporation tax at previous rate until new rate is fixed and
changes of rate, I, p. 645.
104 , and schedule 20. Payments in respect of which company is liable to account for
income tax, I, pp. 646, 739 .
105, and schedule 21. Returns of distributions which are not qualifying distributions ,
I, pp. 646, 742.
106, and schedule 22. Amendments as to meaning of " distribution ", I, pp. 646, 743.
107. Amendments as to accounting periods, I, p. 646.
Supplementary
108. Power to make regulations modifying or replacing Schedules 14, 20 and 21 ,
I, p. 647.
109, and schedule 23. 110. Transitional provisions, I , p. 648, 747.
Interpretation of Part V, I, p. 648.
111, and schedule 24. Consequential amendments, I, pp. 649, 759.
PART VI. -TAX ON CAPITAL GAINS AND ESTATE DUTY
112. Reduction of tax liability on disposals of shares in unit trusts, investment trusts
and funds in court, I, p. 649.
113. Reduced rate of capital gains tax for unit trusts with exempt unit holders and
for funds in court, I, p. 653.
114. Valuation of assets of and rights in unit trusts, I, p. 653 .
115. Share option schemes (capital gains tax ), I, p. 653.
116. Consideration payable by instalments, I, p. 653.
117. Postponement of payment of tax, I, p. 654.
118. Replacement of business assets, I, p. 655 .
119, and schedule 25. Gifts to charities, I, pp. 655, 765.
120. Alteration of amount of estate duty, I, p. 656.
121, and schedules 25, 26. Estate duty: relief for surviving spouse, charities and
certain institutions, I, pp. 658, 765, 766.
PART VII . -MISCELLANEOUS
122, and schedule 27. Abolition of selective employment tax, I, pp. 658, 771 .
123. Registered trade unions, I, p. 660.
124. Payments to or by Export Credits Guarantee Department under investment
insurance scheme, I, p. 660.
125. Reduction of stamp duty on conveyances and leases, I, p. 661 .
126. Abolition of stamp duty on bank notes and of bankers' licences , I, p. 661 .
127. Disclosure of information between revenue departments, I, p. 662.
128. Vehicle excise duty -disabled persons, I, p. 662.
129. Summary award of penalties, I, p. 663 .
130. Compensation for loss of office etc. by clerks to General Commissioners,
I , p. 663.
131. Post-war credits, I, p. 663.
132. Local loans, I, p. 664.
133. Advances to trustee savings banks, I, p. 664.
134 , and schedule 28. Citation, interpretation , construction, extent and repeals ,
I, pp. 665, 773.
CCXX Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
FINANCE Act-continued
Schedule 1. Value added tax -registration, I, p. 666.
Schedule 2. Matters to be treated as supply of goods, I, p. 668.
Schedule 3 . Value of supply -special cases, I, p. 669.
Schedule 4. Zero- rating, I , p. 670.
Schedule 5. Exemptions, I, p. 676.
Schedule 6. Constitution and procedure of value added tax tribunals, I, p. 679.
Schedule 7. Car tax, I, p. 681 .
Schedule 8. Spirits (rates of customs and excise duties), I, p. 693 .
Schedule 9. Interest eligible for relief in full, I, p. 694.
Schedule 10. Relief for interest -supplementary provisions, I, p. 697.
Schedule 11. Relief for interest -amendments, I, p. 698.
Schedule 12. Share option ption and share incentive schemes, I, p. 699.
Schedule 13 . Leases -transitional provisions , I, p. 706.
Schedule 14.
Schedule 15. Collection of advance corporation tax, I, p. 708.
Loss relief etc. and group income: provisions of Income and Cor-
poration Taxes Act 1970 as substituted by this Act, I, p. 712.
Schedule 16. Apportionment of income etc. of close companies, I, p. 716.
Schedule 17. Amendments relating to close companies, I, p. 732.
Schedule 18. Insurance companies , I, p. 735.
Schedule 19.
Schedule 20. Transitional relief for companies with overseas trading income, I, p. 738.
Collection of income tax on company payments which are not dis-
tributions , I, p. 739.
Schedule 21 .
Returns of distributions which are not qualifying distributions, I, p. 742.
Schedule 22.
Amendments as to meaning of " distribution ", I , p. 743 .
Schedule 23.
Taxation of companies and company distributions: transitional pro-
visions , I, p. 747.
Schedule 24. Taxation of companies and company distributions : consequential
amendments, I, p. 759.
Schedule 25.
Relief from estate duty and capital gains tax -recipient bodies, I, p. 765.
Schedule 26.
Relief from estate duty -supplementary provisions, I, p. 766.
Schedule 27.
Regional employment premiums -consequential amendments, I, p. 771 .
Schedule 28 . Enactments repealed, I, p. 773.
FIRE SERVICES. Superannuation of ( c. 11, s . 16 )... ... I, p. 68
FIRST OFFENDERS. See CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACт (с. 71 , s. 14 ) .
FLOATING CHARGE. See COMPANIES ( FLOATING CHARGES AND RECEIVERS)
( SCOTLAND) Aст (с. 67).
FORGERY. Provisions under Road Traffic Act ( c. 20, ss. 169–174 ) I, pp. 308-312
FRESHWATER FISHERIES. See SALMON AND FRESHWATER FISHERIES ACт ( с. 37 ).
G
See BETTING AND GAMING DUTIES Aст ( с. 25, Pt. II ).
GAMING DUTIES. GAS ACT: с. 60
II, p. 1717
PART I. NEW STRUCTURE FOR BRITISH GAS INDUSTRY
The British Gas Corporation
§ 1 , and schedule 1. The British Gas Corporation, II , pp. 1717, 1757.
2. Principal duties and powers of Corporation, II, p. 1719.
3. Duties of Corporation towards employees, and in respect of research, II, p. 1720.
4. Duties of Corporation as respects management of affairs, II, p. 1720.
5. Programmes for measures involving substantial capital outlay, II , p. 1721 .
6 , and schedule 2. Miscellaneous powers and duties of Corporation, II, pp. 1721 ,
1759.
7. General powers of Secretary of State to give directions to Corporation and
obtain information, II, p. 1722.
8. Reports by Corporation to Secretary of State, II, p. 1723 .
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxxi
GAS ACT-continued
PART I -continued
The consumers' bodies
9. The National Gas Consumers' Council and the Regional Gas Consumers '
Councils , II, p. 1724.
10. Functions of National and Regional Councils, II, p. 1725.
11. Local representatives of Regional Councils, II , p. 1726.
12, and schedule 3. Supplementary provisions with respect to Councils etc., II ,
13. pp. 1728, 1765 .
Reports by Councils to Secretary of State, II, p. 1728 .
PART II . -FINANCIAL PROVISIONS
General financial duties of British Gas Corporation
14. Revenues of Corporation and subsidiaries to cover outgoings and allocations
to reserves , II, p. 1728.
15. Directions by Secretary of State as to reserves of Corporation and wholly
owned subsidiaries, II, p. 1729 .
16. Payment of excess revenue to Secretary of State, II, p. 1729 .
Borrowings etc.
17. Borrowing powers of Corporation, II, p. 1730.
18. Borrowing by wholly owned subsidiaries , II, p. 1731 .
19. Limitation on total indebtedness of Corporation and wholly owned subsidiaries ,
II, p. 1731 .
20. Loans to Corporation by Secretary of State, II, p. 1731 .
21. British Gas Stock, II , p. 1732.
22. Guarantees, II, p. 1732.
23. Accounts and audit
Accounts and audit, II, p. 1733.
PART III.-PROVISIONS AS TO SUPPLY AND USE OF GAS
Supply by British Gas Corporation
24. Duty of Corporation to avoid undue preference in supply, II, p. 1735.
25. Methods of charge harge and tariffs, II, p. 1735.
26. Standards of quality, II , p. 1737 .
27, and schedule 4. Supply code, II, pp . 1738, 1767.
28. Relief to Corporation in emergency conditions, II, p. 1738 .
Supply by other persons
29. Restrictions on supply by persons other than the Corporation, and related
provisions, II , p. 1738.
Meter testing and stamping
30. Meter testing and stamping, II , p. 1740.
Safety regulations
31. Power to make safety regulations, II, p. 1742.
PART IV. -MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
Miscellaneous
32. Position of Corporation as respects taxation etc. generally, II , p. 1743.
33. Special provisions with respect to stamp duty, II, p. 1743.
34, and schedule 5. Rating of Corporation, II, pp. 1744, 1779.
35. Machinery for settling terms and conditions of employment etc. , II , p. 1745.
36. Provisions as to pension rights, II, p. 1746.
37. Compensation to members and officers of Gas Council and Area Boards, and
officers of Gas Consultative Councils, II, p. 1748.
38. Contributions by Secretary of State towards expenditure designed to promote
employment, II, p. 1749 .
39. Application of Pipe-lines Act 1962, II, p. 1749.
40. Meaning of " operational land " in Planning Acts, II, p. 1750.
41. Adaptation to metric units , II, p. 1750 .
ccxxii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
GAS ACT-Continued
PART IV-continued
42. Penalties, II, p. 1751 . Supplementary
43. Provisions as to prosecutions, and as to offences by corporations, II, p. 1751 .
44. Service of notices etc. , II, p. 1752.
45. Provisions as to regulations and orders, II, p. 1753.
46. Inquiries, II, p. 1754.
47. Expenses and receipts of Secretary of State etc., II, p. 1754.
48. Interpretation, II , p. 1754.
49, and schedules 6-8. Amendments, savings, transitional provisions and repeals,
II, pp. 1756, 1787, 1802.
50. Short title and extent, II, p. 1756.
Schedule 1 . The British Gas Corporation: supplementary provisions, II, p. 1757.
Schedule 2.
Acquisition of land by Corporation, II, p. 1759.
Schedule 3 . The consumers' bodies: supplementary provisions, II, p. 1765.
Schedule 4. Gas supply code, II, p. 1767.
Schedule 5.
Rating of Corporation in England and Wales, II, p. 1779.
Schedule 6.
Minor and consequential amendments, II, p. 1787.
Schedule 7.
Savings and transitional provisions , II, p. 1794.
Schedule 8 . Repeals, II, p. 1802.
GENERAL SYNOD MEASURES. See ADMISSION TO HOLY COMMUNION MEASURE
( No. 1) ; BENEFICES MEASURE (No. 3) ; CLERGY PENSIONS ( AMENDMENT)
MEASURE (No. 5) ; DEACONESSES AND LAY MINISTRY MEASURE ( No. 4) ;
REPAIR OF BENEFICE BUILDINGS MEASURE (No. 2 ).
GLEBE LAND. See REPAIR OF BENEFICE BUILDINGS MEASURE (No. 2) .
H
HARBOURS DEVELOPMENT (SCOTLAND) ACT: с. 64
.. II, p. 1887
§ 1. Development of certain harbours, II , p. 1887.
2. Expenses and receipts , II, p. 1888 .
3. Extent and short title, II, p. 1888.
HARBOURS (LOANS) ACT: c. 16... ... ...
I, p. 125
§ 1. Loans to pay off capital debts temporary loans and overdrafts, I, p. 125.
2. Power of Council to obtain information, I, p. 126.
3. Past loans, I, p. 126.
4. Limits on loans, etc. , I, p. 127.
5. Interpretation, short title and extent, I, p. 127.
HARBOURS, PIERS AND FERRIES (SCOTLAND) ACT: c. 29... ... I, p. 469
§ 1. Amendment of s. 7 of Harbours, Piers and Ferries ( Scotland ) Act 1937, I,
p. 469.
2. Short title and citation, I, p. 470.
HEALTH SERVICE. See NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE (SCOTLAND) ACT (c. 58) .
HEALTH SERVICES. Superannuation of persons engaged in (c. 11, s. 10 )
I , p. 62
HIGH COURT. See CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACт (с. 71).
HIGHWAY CODE. Road safety provisions ( c. 20, s. 37)...
... I, p. 201
HIGHWAYS. ( See also LOCAL GOVERNMENT Aст ( с. 70, s. 188, sch. 21)).
Conversion of , into footpath or bridleway (c. 52, ss. 201, 202)
II, pp. 1364, 1366
Stopping up and diversion of ( c. 52, ss. 198-200)...... II, p. 1362
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxxiii
HORSE- DRAWN VEHICLES.
Lights on (c. 20, s . 75)
Regulation of brakes on (c. 20, s. 67)
I, p. 243
I, p. 239
HORSERACE TOTALISATOR AND BETTING LEVY BOARDS ACT: с. 69
III, p. 1984
§ 1. New corporate powers of Totalisator Board, III , p. 1984.
2. Removal of limit on number of members of Totalisator Board, III , p. 1985 .
3. Applications by Totalisator Board for betting office licences, III , p. 1986.
4. Financing of totalisators on approved horse racecourses, III, p. 1986.
5. Transfer to Levy Board of Totalisator Boards' functions with respect to approval
of horse racecourses , III , p. 1987.
6.
Exercise of functions of government appointed members of Levy Board, III,
p. 1987. Remission of contributions due from Totalisator Board to Levy Board, III ,
7.
p. 1987.
8. Short title, interpretation, and extent, III, p. 1987 .
HOUSE OF COMMONS. Disqualification of membership of , under-
British Library Act (c. 54, sch. para. 6 )...
... ...
II, p. 1564
Finance Act (c. 41 , sch. 6 para. 8)
I, p. 681
Gas Act (c. 60, sch. 3 para. 4)... ...
...
II, p. 1766
Local Government Act ( c. 70, s . 268)
III , p. 2207
National Health Service ( Scotland ) Act ( c. 58, s. 42( 4), sch. 1 Pt. I para. 6)
II, pp. 1669, 1682
Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act (c. 52, ss. 44(5) , 47(5))
II, pp. 1220, 1224
HOUSE OF LORDS. Appeals to, under-
Administration of Justice ( Scotland ) Act (c. 59, s. 2)
Criminal Justice Act ( c. 71, ss. 2, 8, 36, 39)
... II, p. 1715
... III, pp. 2440, 2444
HOUSING FINANCE ACT: с. 47 II, p. 943
PART I. -HOUSING SUBSIDIES
§ 1. Introduction of Part I, II, p. 943.
2 , and schedule 7. The residual subsidy, II, pp. 944, 1097.
3. The transition subsidy , and associated rate fund contribution, II, p. 945 .
4. The rising costs subsidy, and associated rate fund contribution, II, p. 947.
5. The operational deficit subsidy, and associated rate fund contribution, II , p. 9 50
6. The rent rebate subsidy, II, p. 951 .
7. Rate fund contributions in respect of rent rebates, II, p. 952.
8. The rent allowance subsidy, II, p. 953.
9. The town development subsidy, II, p. 954.
10. Town development : payments by sending authority to receiving authority,
II, p. 954.
11. The slum clearance subsidy, II, p. 957.
Housing Revenue Accounts
12 , and schedule 1. The Housing Revenue Account, II, pp. 960, 1059.
New town corporations
13, and schedule 2. Application of Part I of this Act to new town corporations,
ІП, рр. 961 , 1069.
14. Amendments of New Towns Act 1965 , II, p. 961 .
15. 16. 17. Supplemental
Payment of subsidies, and accounting provisions, II, p. 962.
Provisions as to certain orders, II, p. 963.
Interpretation of Part I, II, p. 963.
ccxxiv Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
HOUSING FINANCE ACT-continued
PART II . -RENT REBATES AND RENT ALLOWANCES
18. Rent rebates, II, p. 964.
19. Rent allowances , II, p. 964.
20, and schedules 3, 4. The model schemes, II, pp. 966, 1071, 1078.
21. Extent to which authorities may depart from model schemes, II, p. 967.
22. The permitted totals of rebates and allowances, II, p. 968.
23. The Advisory Committee on Rent Rebates and Rent Allowances, II, p. 970.
24. Publicity for schemes, II , p. 970.
25. Treatment for purposes of Part II of sums payable in respect of rates or for
26. Interpretation of Part II, p. 974.
use of furniture or for services, II, p. 973 .
PART III . -RENT OF DWELLINGS IN GOOD REPAIR AND
PROVIDED WITH STANDARD AMENITIES
Conversion of controlled tenancies
27. Conversion of controlled tenancies, II, p. 975.
28. Application for qualification certificate, II, p. 976.
29. Application for qualification certificate : issue of certificate of provisional
approval, II , p . 977.
30. Certificate of fair rent, II, p. 977.
31, and schedule 5. Registration of rent, II, pp. 978, 1087.
32. Appeal to county court, II, p. 979.
Miscellaneous
33. 34. Consent of tenant, II, p. 980.
Supplemental, II, p. 981 .
PART IV. CONTROLLED AND REGULATED TENANCIES
35. Conversion of controlled tenancies: general decontrol, II, p. 981 .
36. Unfit houses excluded from general decontrol, II, p. 983.
37. Conversion of controlled tenancies: general provisions, II, p. 984.
38, and schedule 6. Phasing of rent increases towards registered rent , II, pp. 985,
1090.
Registration ofrent for regulated tenancies
39. Application to rent officer by local authority, II, p. 986.
40. Early application for registration of rent, II, p. 987.
41. Cancellation of registration of rent, II, p. 987.
Regulated tenancies where no rent is registered
42. Repeal of rent limit for contractual periods, II, p. 989.
43. Protection for tenant with security of tenure, II, p. 989.
44. Protection of tenant with security of tenure: special provisions following
conversion, II, p. 990.
45. Protection of tenant with security of tenure where grant-aided improvement is
carried out, II, p. 992.
46. Failure to comply with provisions for protection of tenant, II, p. 992.
Miscellaneous
47. Statutory tenants by succession, II, p. 993 .
48. Supplemental, II, p. 994.
PART V. -FAIR RENTS FOR HOUSING AUTHORITY DWELLINGS
49. Duty of authorities to charge fair rents, II, p. 994.
50. Principles for the determination of fair rent, II, p. 995.
51. Rent scrutiny boards, II, p. 995.
52. Provisional assessment of fair rent, II, p. 996.
53. Publication and alteration of provisional assessments, II, p. 997.
54. Submission of provisional assessment and supplementary information to rent
scrutiny board, II, p. 998.
55. Functions of rent scrutiny board, II, p. 999.
56. Determination of fair rent, II, p. 999.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
CCXXV
HOUSING FINANCE ACT-continued
PART V-continued
57. Treatment for purposes of Part V of sums payable in respect of rates or for use
of furniture or for services, II, p. 1001 .
58. Determination of a new fair rent in case of change of circumstances, II, p. 1001 .
59. Triennial review of fair rents, II , p. 1003.
60. Dwellings which become Housing Revenue Account dwellings after Act comes
into force, II, p. 1003.
61. Interpretation of Part V, II, p. 1004.
PART VI. -HOUSING AUTHORITY DWELLINGS :
PROGRESSION TO FAIR RENTS
62. Increases towards fair rents, II, p. 1005.
63. Increase towards fair rents before 1973-74, II, p. 1007.
64. Increase towards fair rents in 1973-74 and subsequent years, II, p. 1010.
65. Maximum annual increase for any dwelling, II, p. 1011 .
66. Variations of rent apart from annual increases towards fair rents, II, p. 1011 .
67. Rent exceeding a fair rent, II, p. 1012.
68. Increases towards fair rents : supplemental provisions, II, p. 1013.
69. Tenancies at a rent unalterable over a long period, II, p. 1014.
70. Supplemental, II, p. 1016.
PART VII.-HOUSING ASSOCIATIONS
Subsidies
71. Introduction of new subsidies for housing associations, II, p. 1017.
72. The basic residual subsidy, II, p. 1018.
73. The special residual subsidy, II, p. 1019.
74. Residual subsidies -supplemental, II, p. 1020.
75. The new building subsidy, II, p. 1021 .
76. New building subsidy -supplemental, II, p. 1025.
Miscellaneous
77. Extension to all housing associations of Housing Corporation's power to make
loans and extension of power to make loans to Corporation, II, p. 1025.
78. Housing agreements, II, p. 1026.
79. Subsidy agreements , II, p. 1027.
80. Power to apply to certain housing associations provisions of Act relating to
local authorities, II, p. 1028.
PART VIII . -RENT LIMIT FOR DWELLINGS LET BY HOUSING ASSOCIATIONS,
HOUSING TRUSTS AND THE HOUSING CORPORATION
81. Tenancies to which this Part of this Act applies , II , p. 1030.
82. Rents to be registrable under Part IV of the Rent Act 1968, II, p. 1031 .
83. The rent limit, II, p. 1031 .
84. Phasing of progression to registered rent, II, p. 1033 .
85. Previous rent limit exceeding registered rent : special rent limit, II, p. 1034.
86. Special rent limit : procedure on application, II, p. 1035.
87. Increase of rent without notice to quit, II , p. 1036.
88. Supplemental, II, p. 1037.
89. PART IX. -MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTAL
Rateable value limits for Rent Act 1968
Power to increase rateable value limits for Rent Act 1968, II, p. 1037.
Service charges for flats
90. Information about service charges , II, p. 1039 .
91. Information about service charges : exceptions, II, p. 1042.
Hostel subsidy
92. Hostel subsidy, II, p. 1042.
ccxxvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
HOUSING FINANCE ACT-continued
PART IX-continued
Removal and rehousing
93. Financial assistance towards tenants' removal expenses, II, p. 1044.
94. Financial provision for the rehousing of persons displaced on acquisition of
dwellings by statutory undertakers, II, p. 1045.
Provisions as to default by local authority
95. Default by local authority, II, p. 1046.
96. Housing Commissioner: supplemental provisions, II, p. 1048.
97. Power of Housing Commissioner to require authority to supply information
or produce documents, II, p. 1050.
98. Obstruction of Housing Commissioner, II, p. 1051 .
99. Reduction, suspension and discontinuance of housing subsidies where authority
is in default, II, p. 1051 .
Miscellaneous
100, and schedule 8. Termination of certain existing housing subsidies and related
provisions, II, pp. 1052, 1099.
101. 102. Adjustment of accounts on appropriation of land, II, p. 1052.
Adjustments for local government changes and transfer of functions or property,
II, p. 1052.
Supplemental
103. Isles of Scilly, II, p. 1053.
104. Interpretation, II, p. 1054.
105. Exclusion of housing authority property from provisions of this Act, II, p. 1056.
106. New town corporations : supplemental, II, p. 1057.
107. Financial provisions, II, p. 1057.
108, and schedules 9-11 . Citation, etc. , II, pp. 1057, 1109-1117.
Schedule 1 . The Housing Revenue Account, II, p. 1059.
Schedule 2.
Subsidies for new town corporations , II, p. 1069.
Schedule 3.
Computation of rebates and allowances, II, p. 1071 .
Schedule 4.
Rebates and allowances: procedure, II, p. 1078.
Schedule 5.
Certificate of fair rent under Part III of this Act: application for
registration of rent, II, p. 1087.
Schedule 6. Restriction on rent increases, II, p. 1090.
Schedule 7.
Schedule 8. Termination of certain provisions about housing finance, II, p. 1099.
Enactments relating to certain subsidies and other payments, II, p. 1097.
Schedule 9. Minor and consequential amendments, II, p. 1109.
Schedule 10. Transitory provisions, II , p. 1113 .
Schedule 11 . Repeals, II, p. 1117.
HOUSING (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACT: c. 46... I, p. 823
PART I. -HOUSING SUBSIDIES
Introduction ofnew housing subsidies
§ 1. Introduction of new housing subsidies, I, p. 823.
Housing subsidies payable to local authorities
2 , and schedule 1. The residual subsidy, I, pp. 824, 888.
3. The housing expenditure subsidy and associated rate fund contribution, I, p.
826.
4. The high cost subsidy and associated rate fund contribution, I, p. 828.
5. The rent rebate subsidy, I, p. 830.
6. The rent allowance subsidy, I, p. 830.
7. The slum clearance subsidy, I, p. 831 .
Housing subsidies payable to development corporations
and the Scottish Special Housing Association
8, and schedule 1. The residual subsidy, I, pp. 833, 888.
9. The housing expenditure subsidy, I, p. 834.
10. The high cost subsidy, I, p. 835.
11. The rent rebate subsidy, I, p. 837.
12. Additional payment towards certain deficits of the Scottish Special Housing
Association, I, p. 837.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxxvii
HOUSING (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART I -continued
Supplemental
13. 14. Payment of subsidies and accounting provisions, I, p. 838 .
Provisions as to certain orders , I, p. 838.
PART II . -RENT REBATES AND RENT ALLOWANCES
15. Rent rebates, I, p. 838 .
16. Rent allowances , I, p. 839.
17, and schedules 2, 3. The model schemes, I, pp. 840, 890, 897.
18. Extent to which authorities may depart from model schemes, I, p. 841.
19. Duty of housing authorities to publicise schemes, I, p . 842.
20. Duty of landlord to inform tenant of particulars of allowance scheme, I, p. 842 .
scheme, 1 ,
21. Certain items included in rent to be excluded in calculating allowance, I, p. 842.
22. Interpretation of Part II , I, p. 843.
PART III.-HOUSING ACCOUNTS OF LOCAL AUTHORITIES
23, and schedule 4. The housing revenue account, I, pp. 844, 906.
24. The rent rebate account, I, p. 846.
25. The rent allowance account, I, p. 846.
26, and schedule 5. The slum clearance revenue account, I, pp. 847, 911 .
PART IV. -DETERMINATION OF RENTS AND OTHER CHARGES
27. General provisions as to charges in respect of local authority houses, I, p. 847.
28. Rents to be charged so as to balance housing revenue account, I, p. 847.
29. 30. Provisions as to rents in 1972-73 and 1973-74, I, p. 848 .
Increases in rent of individual houses of housing authorities, I, p. 849.
31. Average standard rents of development corporation and Scottish Special
Housing Association houses, I, p . 849.
32. 33. Service charges , I, p. 850.
Phasing out of supplementary charges , I, p. 850.
PART V. CONTROLLED AND REGULATED TENANCIES
34. Conversion of controlled tenancies: general decontrol, I, p. 851 .
35. Houses excluded from general decontrol, I, p. 852.
36. Conversion of controlled tenancies: general provisions, I, p. 852.
37, and schedule 6. Phasing of rent increases, I, pp. 854, 912.
Registration ofrentfor regulated tenancies
38. 39. 40. Early application for registration of rent, I, p. 854.
Cancellation of registration of rent, I, p. 854.
Certain amounts to be separately noted on the register, I, p. 855.
Regulated tenancies where no rent is registered
41. Repeal of rent limit for contractual periods, I, p. 855.
42. Rent agreements, I, p. 856.
43. Rent agreements: special provisions following conversion, I, p. 857.
44. Rent agreements: special provisions where grant-aided improvements are
carried out, I, p. 858.
45. Failure to comply with provisions of rent agreements , I, p. 859.
Miscellaneous
46. Statutory tenants by succession, I, p. 860.
47. Amendment of section 35 of Act of 1971, I, p. 861 .
48 , and schedule 7. Modifications of Part VI of Act of 1971, I, pp. 861, 916.
49. Amendment of Schedules 6 and 12 to Act of 1971 , I, p. 861 .
50. Interpretation of Part V, I, p. 862.
PART VI. HOUSING ASSOCIATIONS
Subsidies
51. Introduction of new subsidies for housing associations, I, p. 862.
52, and schedule 1. The basic residual subsidy, I, pp. 862, 888.
53. The special residual subsidy, I, p. 863.
54. Residual subsidies -supplementary, I, p. 865 .
55. The new building subsidy, I, p. 865.
56. New building subsidy -supplementary, I, p. 868.
57. The improvement subsidy, I, p. 869.
ccxxviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
HOUSING ( FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACT-continued
PART VI-continued
Housing agreements and subsidy agreements
58. 59. Housing agreements, I, p. 870.
Subsidy agreements, I, p. 871 .
Rent limit for dwelling-houses let by housing associations
and the Housing Corporation
60. Tenancies to which sections 60 to 66 apply, I, p. 872.
61. Rents to be registrable under Part IV of the Act of 1971 , I, p. 872.
62. The rent limit, I, p. 872.
63. Phasing of progression to registered rent, I, p. 874.
64. Previous rent limit exceeding registered rent : special rent limit, I, p. 875.
65. Special rent limit : procedure on application , I, p. 876.
66. Increase of rent without notice to quit, I, p. 877.
67. Supplemental to sections 60 to 66, I, p. 877.
Interpretation
68. Interpretation of Part VI, I, p. 878.
PART VII.- MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Miscellaneous
69. All payments under overspill agreements to be voluntary, I, p. 878.
70, and schedule 8. Termination of certain existing exchequer contributions and
related provisions, I, pp. 879, 919.
71. Financial assistance towards tenants' removal expenses, I, p. 879.
72. Default by local authority, I, p. 880.
73. Power of Secretary of State to reduce, suspend or discontinue housing subsidies,
I , p. 881.
74. Application of receipts from disposal of certain land, I, p. 882.
75. Adjustment of accounts on appropriation of land, I, p. 882.
76. Tenancies at a rent unalterable over a long period, I, p. 882.
77. Amendment of sections 1 and 86 of Act of 1971, I, p. 883.
General
78. Interpretation , I, p. 884.
79, and schedules 9-11. Minor and consequential amendments, transitional pro-
visions and repeals , I, pp. 886, 925-936.
80. Financial provisions, I, p. 886.
81. Citation, commencement and extent, I, p. 886.
Schedule 1. Enactments relating to existing contribution system, I, p. 888.
Schedule 2. Computation of rebates and allowances, I, p. 890.
Schedule 3. Rebates and allowances : procedure, I, p. 897.
Schedule 4.
Schedule 5. Schedule 6. The housing revenue account, I , p. 906.
The slum clearance revenue account, I, p. 911 .
Restriction on rent increases, I, p. 912.
Schedule 7.
Modifications of Part VI of the Act of 1971, I, p. 916.
Schedule 8.
Termination of part of housing contribution system, I, p. 919.
Schedule 9.
Minor and consequential amendments, I, p. 925.
Schedule 10. Transitional provisions , I, p. 934.
Schedule 11 . Enactments repealed, I, p. 936.
I
INCOME TAX. See FINANCE ACT ( c. 41 , Pt. IV ) .
INDEPENDENT BROADCASTING AUTHORITY. See SOUND BROADCASTING Aст
( c. 31 ).
INDUSTRIAL ESTATES CORPORATIONS. See LOCAL EMPLOYMENT ACт (с. 5) .
INDUSTRIAL SOCIETIES. Corporation tax (c. 41, s. 96 )... ... I, p. 639
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxxix
INDUSTRY AАст: с. 63
... II, p. 1861
...
...
PART I. -REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT GRANTS
§ 1. Grants for buildings, machinery, plant and certain works, II, p. 1861.
2. Qualifying premises, II, p. 1863.
3. Variation of rates of grant and qualifying activities , II, p. 1865.
4 , and schedule 1. Conditions, II, pp. 1865, 1880.
5. Supplemental, II, p. 1865.
6. Interpretation of Part I, II, p. 1866.
PART II . -FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE FOR INDUSTRY
7. Selective financial assistance for industry in assisted areas , II, p. 1868.
8. Selective financial assistance : general powers, II, p. 1870.
9. Industrial Development Advisory Board, II, p. 1871 .
PART III . -CREDITS AND GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF SHIPS
AND OFFSHORE INSTALLATIONS
10. Construction credits, II, p. 1871 .
11 , and schedule 1. Construction grants, II, pp. 1873, 1880.
12. Interpretation of Part III, II, p. 1875.
PART IV. MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
13. Amendments of Local Employment Act 1972, II, p. 1875.
14. Winsford Urban District, II, p. 1877 .
15. Interpretation, II, p. 1878 .
16. Annual reports, II, p. 1878 .
17. Financial provisions, II, p. 1878.
18. Application to Northern Ireland, II, p. 1879 .
19, and schedules 2-4. Short title, transitory provisions and repeals, II, pp. 1879,
1882-1884 .
Schedule 1. Enforcement of conditions attached to regional development grants and
grants under Part III , II , p. 1880.
Schedule 2. Regional development grants : commencement and transitional pro-
visions , II, p. 1882.
Schedule 3. Shipbuilding: transitional provisions, II , p. 1884.
Schedule 4. Repeals, II, p. 1884.
INFERIOR COURTS OF RECORD. Abolition of certain (c. 70, s. 221 , sch . 28)
III, pp. 2166 , 2382
INSURANCE. Third-party liability (c. 20, Pt. VI)... ... ... I, p. 290
INSURANCE COMPANIES. Taxation of (c. 41, s. 97, sch. 18 ) I, pp. 640, 735
INTEREST. Tax relief for payment of (c. 41, s . 75)... ... I, p. 612
INVALID CARRIAGES. Exemption from third-party liability (c. 20, s. 143(3))
I, p. 290
IRON AND STEEL ACT : с. 12 ...... ... ... ... I, p. 114
§ 1. Amendments as to finances of British Steel Corporation, I, p. 114.
2. Corporation's powers and duties in respect of iron and steel activities, I, p. 115.
3. Short title and extent, I, p. 115.
ISLAND OF ROCKALL Aст: с. 2 ... ... I, p. 3
§ 1. Incorporation of Rockall into the United Kingdom as part of the County of
Inverness , I, p. 3 .
2. Short title, I, p. 3.
ISLE OF MAN. Application to, under-
Benefices Measure (No. 3, s . 2( 1 ))... ... European Communities Act (c. 68, s. 4( 4))...
Finance Act (c. 41 , s. 50, sch . 7 para. 28)
...
National Debt Act (c. 65, s. 19 )
...
... ... ...
Post Office (Borrowing) Act (c. 79, s . 2(5))... ...
... III, p. 2557
III, p. 1952
I, pp. 595, 692
III, p. 1898
III, p. 2525
CCXXX Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
ISLE OF MAN-continued
Repair of Benefice Buildings Measure (No. 2, s . 36( 2))
Sierra Leone Republic Act (c. 1 , s. 1 (2))
Sound Broadcasting Act (c. 31 , s. 13(5))
Summer Time Act (c. 6, s . 5 )...
...
...
... ...
... ... ...
... ... ... ...
ISLES OF SCILLY. Application to, under-
Housing Finance Act ( c. 47, s. 103)
... ...
Local Government Act ( c. 70, s. 265)
...
III, p. 2552
I, p. 1
I, p. 491
I, p. 39
II, p. 1053
III, p. 2206
JURY SERVICE. J
See CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACт (с. 71, Pt. II, sch. 2) .
L
LAND.
Acquisition of , under-
Criminal Justice Act (c. 71, s. 60)... ... ...
Gas Act (c. 60, s. 6( 5), sch. 2)... ... ... ...
Local Government Act (c. 70, ss. 120-131)... ...
National Health Service ( Scotland ) Act ( c. 58, s. 58 )
Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act (c. 52, Pt. VI)
... III, p. 2477
II , pp. 1722, 1759
... III, p. 2069
II, p. 1676
II, p. 1276
Compulsory purchase of , under-
Local Employment Act ( c. 5, s. 16 )...
LAND CHARGES ACT: с. 61... ... ... ... ... ...
I, p. 24
II, p. 1805
Preliminary
§ 1 , and schedule 1. The registers and the index, II, pp. 1805, 1820.
Registration in register of land charges
2 , and schedule 2. The register of land charges, II, pp. 1806, 1820.
3. Registration of land charges, II, p. 1808.
4. Effect of land charges and protection of purchasers, II, p. 1809.
Registration in registers ofpending actions,
writs and orders and deeds ofarrangement
5. The register of pending actions, II, p. 1810.
6. The register of writs and orders affecting land, II, p. 1811 .
7. The register of deeds of arrangement affecting land, II, p. 1812.
8. Expiry and renewal of registrations, II, p. 1812.
Searches and official searches
9. Searches, II, p. 1812.
10. Official searches, II , p. 1812.
Miscellaneous andsupplementary
11. Date of effective registration and priority notices, II, p. 1814.
12. Protection of solicitors, trustees, etc. , II, p. 1815.
13. Saving for overreaching powers, II, p. 1815.
14. Exclusion of matters affecting registered land or created by instruments neces-
sitating registration of land, II, p. 1815.
15. Application to the Crown, II, p. 1815.
16. General rules, II, p. 1816.
17. Interpretation, II , p. 1817.
18, and schedules 3-5. Consequential amendments, repeals, savings, etc. , II, pp. 1818,
1821-1828.
19. Short title, commencement and extent, II, p. 1819.
Schedule 1. Annuities, II, p. 1820.
Schedule 2. Class A land charges, II, p. 1820.
Schedule 3. Consequential amendments, II , p. 1821 .
Schedule 4. The Land Charges Act 1925, as amended, II, p. 1824.
Schedule 5. Repeals, II, p. 1828.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxxxi
LAND REGISTRATION. See LAND CHARGES ACT ( c. 61) .
LANDLORD AND TENANT. See HOUSING FINANCE Aст ( с. 47 ); HOUSING
(FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACT (с. 46) .
LAW SOCIETIES. Superannuation of employees of (c. 11, s. 18) ...
I, p. 69
LEASES. Reduction of stamp duty on ( c. 41 , s. 125 )
I, p. 661
LEE CONSERVANCY BOARD. Superannuation of employees of ( c. 11, s. 20)
I, p. 70
LEGAL ADVICE AND ASSISTANCE ACT: с. 50
II, p. 1161
PART I. -ADVICE AND ASSISTANCE
§ 1. Persons eligible for advice and assistance, II , p. 1161 .
2. Advice and assistance to which s. 1 applies, II, p. 1162.
3. Financial limit on prospective cost of advice and assistance, II, p. 1163.
4 , and schedule 1. Contributions from persons receiving advice or assistance, II,
pp. 1164, 1172.
5. Payment of charges or fees otherwise than through client's contribution, II,
p. 1165.
6. Application of provisions of Legal Aid Act, II, p. 1166.
PART II . -EMPLOYMENT OF SOLICITORS BY LAW SOCIETY
7. Employment to which Part II applies , II, p. 1168 .
8. Arrangements for employment to which Part II applies, and pension rights of
persons employed, II, p. 1168 .
9. Payments into and out of legal aid fund, II, p. 1169.
10. General provisions relating to employment to which Part II applies, II, p. 1169.
PART III.-SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
11. Regulations, II, p. 1170.
12. Financial provisions, II, p. 1170.
13, and schedules 2, 3. Amendments, repeals and transitional provisions , II, pp.
1170, 1172, 1174.
14. Short title, construction, citation, commencement and extent, II, p. 1171 .
Schedule 1. Clients' contributions, II, p. 1172.
Schedule 2. Enactments amended, II, p. 1172.
Schedule 3. Enactments repealed, II, p. 1174.
LIGHTHOUSES . Superannuation of persons employed in ( c. 11, s. 17 ) I, p. 68
LIGHTING OF VEHICLES. See ROAD TRAFFIC ACT ( c. 20, ss. 68-81).
LOCAL EMPLOYMENT ACT : с. 5... I, p. 11
Development areas and intermediate areas
§ 1. Designation of development areas and intermediate areas, I, p. 11 .
Powersfor provision ofemployment
2. Purpose for which powers exercisable and advisory committee, I, p. 13.
3. Building grants, I, p. 13.
4. General power to make loans and grants and to acquire shares, I, p. 15.
5. Provision of premises and sites, I, p. 16.
6. Removal and resettlement of workers, I, p. 16.
Powersfor contributing to development ofindustry
7. Improvement of basic services, I, p. 17.
8. Derelict land, I, p. 17.
9. Grants for improvement work on derelict land begun before 5th March 1970,
I, p. 19.
Industrial estates corporations
10, and schedule 1. Constitution of the corporations, I, pp. 19, 28.
11. Functions of the corporations , I, p. 20.
12. Accounts and reports of the corporations , J , p. 22.
ccxxxii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
LOCAL EMPLOYMENT Act—continued
Miscellaneous powers
13. Powers in relation to Secretary of State's land, I, p. 22.
14. Powers where locality ceases to be development area, intermediate area or
derelict land clearance area, I, p. 23 .
15. Additional powers for safeguarding loans , I, p. 24.
Supplementary provisions
16. Compulsory purchase, I, p. 24.
17. Secretary of State's accounts and reports, I, p. 25.
18. Orders and regulations, I, p. 26.
19, and schedule 2. Transitional provisions, I, pp. 26, 29.
20. Expenses and receipts, I, p. 26.
21. Interpretation, I, p. 26.
22, and schedules 3, 4. Consequential amendments, repeals and savings, I, pp. 27,
34 , 36.
23. Short title, commencement and extent, I, p. 27.
Schedule 1 . Industrial estates corporations, I, p. 28.
Schedule 2. Transitional provisions, I, p. 29.
Schedule 3 . Consequential amendments, I, p. 34.
Schedule 4. Repeals, I, p. 36.
LOCAL GOVERNMENT Aст: с. 70... ... ... ... ... III, p. 1989
PART I. -LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREAS AND AUTHORITIES IN ENGLAND
New local government areas
§ 1 , and schedule 1. New local government areas in England, III , pp. 1989, 2216.
Principal councils
2. Constitution of principal councils in England, III, p. 1990.
Members ofprincipal councils
3. Chairman, III , p.
III, p. 1991.
4. Election of chairman, III , p. 1991 .
5. Vice-chairman, III, p. 1991.
6. Term of office and retirement of councillors , III, p. 1992.
7. Elections of councillors, III, p. 1992.
8, and schedule 2. Constitution and membership of Greater London Council and
London borough councils , III, pp. 1994, 2231 .
Parishes
9. Parish meetings and councils, III, p. 1995.
10. Power to dissolve parish councils in small parishes, III, p. 1996.
11. Orders for grouping parishes , dissolving groups and separating parishes from
groups, III, p. 1996.
12. Provision supplementary to sections 9 to 11 , III, p. 1997.
13. 14. Constitution of parish meeting, etc. , III, p. 1998.
Constitution and powers of parish council, III, p. 1998 .
15. Chairman and vice-chairman of parish council or meeting, III, p. 1998.
16. Parish councillors, III , p. 1999.
17. Parish meetings for parish wards, etc. , III, p. 2000.
Miscellaneous
18, and schedule 3. Establishment of new authorities in England, III, pp. 2000, 2236.
19. Extent of Part I, III , p. 2000.
PART II . -LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREAS AND AUTHORITIES IN WALES
New local government areas
20, and schedule 4. New local government areas in Wales, III , pp. 2000, 2245.
Principal councils
21. Constitution of principal councils in Wales, III , p. 2002.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxxxiii
LOCAL GOVERNMENT Aст-continued
PART II -continued
Members ofprincipal councils
22. Chairman, III , p. 2002.
23. Election of chairman, III, p. 2002.
24. Vice-chairman, III, p. 2002.
25. Term of office and retirement of councillors , III , p. 2003 .
26. Elections of councillors, III, p. 2003.
Communities
27. Community meetings and councils, III, p. 2005.
28. Establishment and dissolution of community councils, III, p. 2006.
29. Orders for grouping communities, dissolving groups and separating communities
from groups, III , p . 2007.
30. Restriction on community applications during and after reviews, III , p. 2008.
31. Provision supplementary to sections 27 to 29 , III , p. 2008.
32. Constitution of community meeting, III , p. 2009.
33. Constitution and powers of community council, III, p. 2009.
34. Chairman and vice- chairman of community council, III, p. 2009.
35. Community councillors , III , p. 2010.
36. Community meetings for community wards, etc., III, p. 2010.
Miscellaneous
37, and schedule 5. 38. Establishment of new authorities in Wales, III, pp. 2011 , 2254.
Extent of Part II, III, p. 2011 .
PART III . -REGISTRATION OF ELECTORS AND CONDUCT OF ELECTIONS
39. Registration officers , III , p. 2011 .
40. Returning officers at parliamentary elections, III, p. 2011 .
41. Returning officers at local government elections , III, p. 2012.
42. Conduct of local government elections, III , p. 2013.
43. Ordinary day of election, III, p. 2014.
44. Omission to hold election or election void, III, p. 2014.
45, and schedule 6. Supplementary, III , pp. 2015, 2258 .
PART IV. CHANGES IN LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREAS
Proposals by Local Government Boundary Commission for England
46 , and schedule 7. Local Government Boundary Commission for England, III,
pp. 2015, 2261 .
47. Proposals for changes in local government areas in England, III, p. 2016.
48. Duty and power to review local government areas in England, III, p. 2017.
49. Power of Secretary of State to direct holding or postponement of reviews, III,
p. 2019.
50. Substantive changes in electoral arrangements , III, p. 2020 .
51. Commission's reports and their implementation, III, p. 2022.
52. Directions about reviews , III , p . 2022.
Proposals by Local Government Boundary Commission for Wales
53, and schedule 8. Local Government Boundary Commission for Wales, III,
pp. 2023, 2262.
54. 55. 56. 57. 58. 59. Proposals for changes in local government areas in Wales, III, p. 2023 .
Review of local government areas in Wales, III, p. 2024.
Power of Secretary of State to direct holding of reviews , III, p. 2025.
Substantive changes in electoral arrangements, III, p. 2026.
Commission's reports and their implementation, III, p. 2028 .
Directions about reviews , III, p. 2028 .
Conduct of reviews
60. 61. Procedure for reviews, III, p. 2029.
Local inquiries, III, p. 2031 .
Border between England and Wales
62. Alterations in the boundaries between English and Welsh counties, III, p. 2031 .
ccxxxiv Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT-continued
PART IV-continued
Initial reviews
63, and schedule 9. 64, and schedule 10.
( Wales ) , III, Review of electoral arrangements (England ), III, p. 2032, 2264.
pp. 2032, 2265.
Special community review and review of electoral arrangements
Supplementary provisions
65. Delegation of functions of Commission, III, p. 2032.
66. Delegation of functions of Commissions acting jointly , III, p. 2033.
67. Consequential and transitional arrangements relating to Part IV, III, p. 2033 .
68. Transitional agreements as to property and finance, III, p. 2034.
69. Variation and revocation of orders under Part IV, etc. , III, p. 2037.
Miscellaneous
70. Restriction on promotion of Bills for changing local government areas, etc.'
III , p. 2038 .
71. Modification of seaward boundaries of local government areas, III, p. 2038 .
72. Accretions from the sea, etc., III, p. 2039 .
73. Alterations of local boundaries consequent on alteration of water-course, III,
p. 2039.
74. Change of name of county, district or London borough, III, p. 2040.
75. Change of name of parish, III , p. 2040.
76. Change of name of community, III, p. 2041 .
77. Change of name in Greater London, III, p. 2041 .
78, and schedule 11. Supplementary, III, pp. 2042, 2267.
PART V. -GENERAL PROVISIONS AS TO MEMBERS AND
PROCEEDINGS OF LOCAL AUTHORITIES
Qualifications and disqualifications
79. Qualifications for election and holding office as member of local authority,
III , p. 2042.
80. Disqualifications for election and holding office as member of local authority,
III, p. 2043.
81. 82. Exceptions to provisions of section 80, III, p. 2044.
Validity of acts done by unqualified persons, III, p. 2045.
Acceptance, resignation and vacation ofoffice, and casual vacancies
83. Declaration of acceptance of office, III, p. 2045.
84. Resignation, III, p. 2046.
85. Vacation of office by failure to attend meetings, III, p. 2047.
86. Declaration by local authority of vacancy in office in certain cases, III, p. 2047.
87. Date of casual vacancies, III, p. 2047.
88. Filling of casual vacancy in case of chairman, etc., III, p. 2048.
89. Filling of casual vacancies in case of councillors, III, p. 2049.
90. Term of office of persons filling casual vacancies, III, p. 2050.
91. Temporary appointment of members of parish and community councils , III,
p. 2051 .
Proceedings for disqualification
92. Proceedings for disqualification, III, p. 2051 .
Restrictions on voting
93. Limitation on voting by Greater London Councillors, III, p. 2052.
94. Disability of members of authorities for voting on account of interest in con-
tracts, etc. , III, p. 2053 .
95. Pecuniary interests for purposes of section 94, III, p. 2053.
96. General notices and recording of disclosures for purposes of section 94, III,
р. 2054.
97. Removal or exclusion of disability, etc., III, p. 2054.
98. Interpretation of sections 95 and 97, III, p. 2055.
Meetings and proceedings
99, and schedule 12. Meetings and proceedings of local authorities, III, pp. 2056,
2270.
100. Admission ofpublic and press to local authority committee meetings, III, p. 2056.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
CCXXXV
LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT-continued
PART VI . -DISCHARGE OF FUNCTIONS
101. Arrangements for discharge of functions by local authorities, III, p. 2056.
102. Appointment of committees, III, p. 2059 .
103. Expenses of joint committees, III, p. 2060.
104. Disqualification for membership of committees and joint committees, III, p. 2060.
105. Disability for voting on account of interest in contracts, etc. , III, p. 2061 .
106. Standing orders , III, p. 2061 .
107. Application of foregoing provisions to police authorities, III, p. 2061 .
108. Committees of parish meetings, III , p. 2063 .
109. Conferring functions of parish council on parish meeting, III , p. 2063 .
110. Transitional arrangements for discharge of functions, III, p. 2063 .
PART VII.-MISCELLANEOUS POWERS OF LOCAL AUTHORITIES
Subsidiary powers
111. Subsidiary powers of local authorities, III, p. 2064.
Staff
112. Appointment of staff, III , p. 2064.
113. Placing of staff of local authorities at disposal of other local authorities, III,
p. 2066.
114. Security to be taken in relation to officers, III, p. 2066.
115. Accountability of officers, III, p. 2066.
116. Members of local authorities not to be appointed as officers, III, p. 2067.
117. Disclosure by officers of interest in contracts, III, p. 2067.
118. Payment of salary, etc. , due to mentally disordered person, III, p. 2067.
119. Payments due to deceased officers, III, p. 2069.
Land transactions -principal councils
120. Acquisition of land by agreement by principal councils , III, p. 2069.
121. Acquisition of land compulsorily by principal councils, III, p. 2070.
122. Appropriation of land by principal councils,
cils, III, p. 2071 .
123. Disposal of land by principal councils , III, p. 2072.
Land transactions —parish and community councils
124. Acquisition of land by agreement by parish and community councils, III, p. 2073.
125. Compulsory acquisition of land on behalf of parish or community councils,
III, p. 2074.
126. Appropriation of land by parish and community councils and by parish meetings,
III, p. 2076.
127. Disposal of land held by parishes and communities, III, p. 2077.
Land transactions -general provisions
128. 129. 130. Consents to land transactions by local authorities and protection of purchasers,
III, p. 2078 .
Payment of purchase or compensation money by one local authority to another,
III, p. 2079.
Acquisition by local authorities of lands belonging to the Duchy of Lancaster,
III, р. 2079.
131. Savings, III , p. 2079 .
Premises and contracts
132. Provision of offices , etc. , by principal councils, III, p. 2080.
133. Provision of parish and community buildings , III, p. 2080.
134. Use of schoolroom, etc. , in parish or community, III, p. 2080.
135. Contracts of local authorities, III, p. 2081 .
Miscellaneous
136. Contributions towards expenditure on concurrent functions, III, p. 2082 .
137. Power of local authorities to incur expenditure for certain purposes not other-
wise authorised, III, p. 2082.
138. Powers of principal councils with respect to emergencies or disasters, III, p. 2083 .
139. Acceptance of gifts of property, III, p. 2084.
140. Insurance by local authorities against accidents to members, III, p. 2085.
ccxxxvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT-continued
PART VII-continued
141. Research and the collection of information, III, p. 2085.
142. Provision of information, etc., relating to matters affecting local government,
III, p. 2086.
143. Subscriptions to local government associations , III , p. 2086.
144. Power to encourage visitors and provide conference and other facilities, III,
p. 2086.
145. Provision of entertainments, III, p. 2087.
146. Transfer of securities on alteration of area, etc. , III, p. 2088.
PART VIII. -FINANCE
Expenses and receipts
147. Expenses of principal councils, III, p. 2089.
148. Principal councils' funds and accounts, III, p. 2090.
149. Precepts and rates , III , p. 2091 .
150. Expenses of parish and community councils, III , p. 2092 .
151. Financial administration, III, p. 2092.
152. Revenues from undertakings, III, p. 2092.
153. Application of capital money on disposal of land, III, p. 2093 .
Accounts and audit
154. Accounts to be audited by district or approved auditor, III, p. 2094.
155. Yearly accounts, III, p. 2097.
156. District auditors, III, p. 2097.
157. General duties of auditors , III, p. 2097.
158. Auditor's right of access to documents, III, p. 2097.
159. 160. Public inspection of accounts and right of challenge, III, p. 2098.
Auditor's report, III, p. 2098.
161. Powers of district auditor and the court, III, p. 2099.
162. Duty of approved auditor in case of illegality, etc. , in accounts, III, p. 2102.
163. Fees for audits , III , p. 2102.
164. Approved auditors, III, p. 2102.
165. Extraordinary audit, III , p. 2105.
166. Regulations as to accounts, III, p. 2106.
167. Audit of accounts of officers , III, p. 2107.
Miscellaneous provisions as to finance and rating
168. Local financial returns , III , p. 2107.
169. Initial expenses of new authorities, III, p. 2107.
170. Equalisation of rates, III, p. 2108.
171. Rates of interest in relation to certain sums due to local authorities, III, p. 2109.
172, and schedule 13. Miscellaneous amendments of enactments relating to finance
and rating, III, pp. 2110, 2282.
Allowances to members of local authorities and other bodies
173. Attendance allowance and financial loss allowance, IIí, p. 2110.
174. Travelling allowance and subsistence allowance, III, p. 2111 .
175. Allowances for attending conferences and meetings, III, p. 2111 .
176. Payment of expenses of official and courtesy visits, etc., III, p. 2112.
177. Provisions supplementary to sections 173 to 176, III, p. 2113 .
178. Regulations as to allowances, III , p. 2114.
PART IX. -FUNCTIONS
General
179. General provision for transfer of functions, III, p. 2114.
The environment
180, and schedule 14 . Public health, III, pp. 2115, 2292.
181 , and schedule 15.
182, and schedule 16. Town and country planning, III, pp. 2118, 2301 .
Water and sewerage, III, pp. 2116, 2300.
183. Discharge of functions of planning authorities , III, p. 2120.
184, and schedule 17. National Park and countryside functions, III, pp. 2122, 2319.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxxxvii
LOCAL GOVERNMENT Act-continued
PART IX-continued
185, and schedule 18.
Town development, III, pp. 2123 , 2326.
186, and schedule 19.
Traffic and transportation functions, III, pp. 2124, 2326.
187, and schedule 20.
Local highway authorities and maintenance powers of district
councils, III,
pp . 2125, 2336.
188, and schedule 21. Amendments of Highways Acts, III, pp. 2127, 2339.
189. Commons, III , p. 2129 .
190. Sites for gipsy encampments, III, p. 2130.
191. Ordnance survey, III, p. 2131 .
Education, social and welfare services
192. Education, III, p. 2132.
193, and schedule 22.
Housing, III, pp. 2133, 2358.
194. Reserve powers of county councils in relation to housing, III, p. 2134.
195, and schedule 23. Social services functions, III, pp. 2134, 2360.
Miscellaneous functions
196. Police, III, p. 2136.
197. Fire services, III , p. 2138.
198. Food and drugs authorities, III, p. 2139.
199. Amendments of Food and Drugs Act 1955 and related local Acts, III, p. 2140.
200. Power to confer on district councils in Wales certain functions relating to
agriculture, III, p. 2141 .
201. Local weights and measures authorities, III, p. 2142.
202, and schedule 24. Public transport in passenger transport areas , III, pp. 2143 ,
2365.
203. Public transport outside passenger transport areas, III, p. 2145.
204, and schedule 25. Licensing: licensed premises, cinemas, theatres and refreshment
houses, III , pp. 2147, 2368.
205. Rent officers and rent tribunals, III, p. 2148.
206. Public libraries and museums (England), III, p. 2150.
207. Public libraries and museums (Wales), III, p. 2150.
208. Amendments of Public Libraries and Museums Act 1964, III, p. 2151 .
209. Youth employment services, III, p . 2153 .
210. Charities, III, p. 2153.
211. Welsh Church funds, III, p. 2156.
212. Local land charges, III, p. 2157.
213. Local licence duties, III , p . 2158 .
214, and schedule 26. Cemeteries and crematoria, III, pp. 2159, 2372.
215. Maintenance of a closed churchyard, III, p. 2160.
PART X.-JUDICIAL AND RELATED MATTERS
216. Adaptation of law relating to old counties, III, p. 2161 .
217, and schedule 27. Justices of the peace and magistrates ' courts , III, pp. 2161, 2377 .
218. Lieutenants, III, p. 2163.
219. Sheriffs and under-sheriffs , III, p. 2164.
220. Coroners, III, p. 2165.
221, and schedule 28. Abolition of borough civil courts, III, pp. 2166, 2382.
PART XI. -GENERAL PROVISIONS AS TO LOCAL AUTHORITIES
Legalproceedings
222. 223. Power of local authorities to prosecute or defend legal proceedings, III, p. 2166.
Appearance of local authorities in legal proceedings, III , p. 2167.
Documents and notices, etc.
224. Arrangements by principal councils for custody of documents, III , p. 2167.
225. Deposit of documents with proper officer of authority, etc. , III , p. 2167.
226. Custody of parish and community documents, III , p. 2167.
227. Provision of depositories for parish and community documents, III, p. 2168.
228. Inspection of documents, III, p. 2169.
229. Photographic copies of documents, III , p. 2170.
230. Reports and returns, III, p. 2170.
231. 232. Service of notices on local authorities, etc. , IIi , p. 2171 .
Public notices, III, p. 2171 .
384011 2G
ccxxxviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT-continued
PART XI -continued
233. Service of notices by local authorities, III , p. 2171 .
234. Authentication of documents, III , p. 2173.
Byelaws
235. 236. 237. 238. Power ofcouncils to make byelaws for good rule and government and suppression
of nuisances, III, p. 2173.
Procedure, etc., for byelaws, III , p. 2174.
Offences against byelaws, III , p. 2175 .
Evidence of byelaws , III , p. 2175.
Miscellaneous provisions
239. Power to promote or oppose local or personal Bills, III, p. 2176.
240. Provisional orders and orders subject to special parliamentary procedure, III ,
p. 2176.
241. Power to apply provisions of Act to joint boards, etc. , III, p. 2178.
242. Effect of inaccurate description, III, p. 2178.
243. Computation of time and timing of elections, etc., III, p. 2178.
244. Saving of transfer of certain powers under local Acts from Treasury to Secretary
of State, III, p. 2179.
PART XII . MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
245. 246. 247. 248. 249. Status, etc.
Status of certain districts, parishes and communities, III, p. 2179.
Preservation of powers, privileges and rights of existing cities or boroughs, III,
p. 2181 .
Transfer of armorial bearings from old to new authorities, III, p. 2183.
Freemen and inhabitants of existing boroughs, III, p. 2184.
Honorary aldermen and freemen, III, p. 2184.
Inquiries
250. Power to direct inquiries , III , p. 2185 .
General
251 , and schedule 29. Consequential and minor modifications and amendments, III,
pp. 2186, 2384.
252. General power to adapt Acts and instruments, III , p. 2187.
253. Transfer of powers of certain public bodies, III, p. 2187.
254. Consequential and supplementary provision, III, p. 2188.
255. Transfer of officers , III , p. 2190.
256. Continuity of employment in cases of voluntary transfer, III, p. 2192.
257. Staff commission for England, III, p. 2192.
258. Staff commission for Wales, III, p. 2193.
259. Compensation for loss of office, III, p . 2194.
260. Provision for early retirement in lieu of compensation for loss of office, III,
p. 2195.
261. Remuneration of employees of existing local authorities outside Greater London,
III, p. 2197.
262. Local Acts and instruments, III, p. 2199.
263. Existing joint boards and committees and port health districts, III, p. 2203 .
264. Committees of existing councils for consideration of certain matters, III, p. 2205.
265. Application of Act to Isles of Scilly, III , p. 2206.
266. Orders, rules and regulations , III, p. 2207.
267. Expenses, III, p. 2207.
268. Amendment of House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957, III, p. 2207.
269. Meaning of " England " and " Wales ", III, p. 2208.
270. General provisions as to interpretation , III, p. 2208.
271. Savings, III, p. 2211 .
272, and schedule 30. Repeals, III, pp. 2212, 2395.
273. Commencement, III, p. 2212.
274. Short title and extent, III, p. 2215 .
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxxxix
LOCAL GOVERNMENT Act-continued
Schedule 1. Counties and metropolitan districts in England, III, p. 2216.
Part I. Metropolitan counties and metropolitan districts, III , p. 2216.
Part II. Non- metropolitan counties, III, p . 2222.
Part III . Rules as to boundaries, III , p. 2228.
Part IV. Divided parishes, III , p. 2229.
Part V. Constitution of Parishes by Reference to existing Urban
District and Borough Boundaries, III , p. 2230.
Schedule 2. Constitution and membership of Greater London Council and London
borough councils, III , p. 2231 .
Schedule 3. Establishment of new authorities in England, III, p. 2236.
Schedule 4. Local government areas in Wales, III, p. 2245.
Part I. Counties, III, p. 2245.
Part II . Districts , III, p. 2246.
Part III. Communities differing from existing local government areas ,
III, p. 2253.
Part IV. Rules as to boundaries, III, p. 2253 .
Schedule 5. Schedule 6. Schedule 7. Establishment of new authorities in Wales, III, p. 2254.
Amendment and modification of election law, III, p. 2258.
Constitution and proceedings of the Local Government Boundary Com-
mission for England, III, p. 2261 .
Schedule 8. Constitution and proceedings of the Local Government Boundary
Commission for Wales, III, p. 2262.
Schedule 9. Initial review of electoral arrangements in England, III, p. 2264.
Schedule 10. Initial reviews in Wales, III, p. 2265 .
Schedule 11.
Rules to be observed in considering electoral arrangements, III , p. 2267.
Schedule 12.
Meetings and proceedings of local authorities, III , p. 2270 .
Part I. Principal councils, III, p. 2270.
Part II . Parish councils, III, p. 2272.
Part III . Parish meetings, III, p. 2274.
Part IV. Community councils, III, p. 2277.
Part V. Community meetings, III, p. 2278.
Part VI. Provisions relating to local authorities generally, III, p. 2280.
Schedule 13. Loans and other financial provisions, III, p. 2282.
Part I. Borrowing, lending and funds, III, p . 2282.
Part II . Amendments with respect to finance and rating, III, p. 2290.
Schedule 14. Amendment and modification of Public Health Acts, etc. , III , p. 2292.
Part I. The Public Health Act 1936, III, p. 2292.
Part II . Other enactments, III, p. 2296.
Schedule 15. Amendment and modification of enactments relating to water and
sewerage, III , p. 2300.
Schedule 16. Functions under, and amendment and modification of , enactments
relating to town and country planning, III, p. 2031 .
Part I. Town and Country Planning Act 1971 , III, p. 2031 .
Part II. Other enactments, III , p. 231
Part III . Arrangements for obtaining advice, III, p. 2318.
Schedule 17. Functions with respect to National Parks and the countryside, III,
p. 2319.
Part I.
Discharge of planning and countryside functions in National
Parks, III , p. 2319.
Part II . Survey of public paths, etc., III, p. 2323 .
Part III. Miscellaneous modifications of 1949 and 1968 Acts, III,
p. 2325.
Schedule 18. Amendments of Town Development Act 1952, III, p. 2326.
Schedule 19. Amendments of enactments relating to road traffic and abandoned
vehicles , III, p. 2326.
Part I. The Road Traffic Act 1960, III, p. 2326.
Part II. The Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 , III , p. 2327.
Part III . Part III of the Civic Amenities Act 1967, III, p. 2335.
Schedule 20. Maintenance of certain highways by district councils, III, p. 2336.
Part I. Regulations governing exercise of powers, III, p. 2336.
Part II . Reimbursement by highway authorities of certain expenses
of district councils, III, p. 2338.
384011
2G2
ccxl Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT -continued
Schedule 21. Amendments of enactments relating to highways, III, p. 2339.
Part I. The Highways Act 1959, III, p. 2339.
Part II . Other enactments, III, p. 2357.
Schedule 22. Amendments of enactments relating to housing, III, p. 2358.
Part I. The Housing Act 1957, III , p . 2358.
Part II . Other enactments, III, p. 2360.
Schedule 23. Amendments of enactments conferring social services functions, III,
p. 2360.
Schedule 24. Amendments of Transport Act 1968, Part II, III, p. 2365.
Part I. Amendments of general application, III, p. 2365.
Part II. Modifications of Part II in its application to a Passenger
Transport Area which is co-terminous with a county,
III, р. 2366.
Schedule 25. Amendments of licensing enactments, III, p. 2368.
Part I. Amendments of Licensing Act 1964, III, p. 2368.
Part II . Appeals in respect of licences under the Home Counties
( Music and Dancing) Licensing Act 1926, III, p. 2371 .
Schedule 26. Schedule 27. Cemeteries and crematoria, III, p. 2372.
Amendments of enactments relating to justices, III, p. 2377.
Part I. The Justices of the Peace Act 1949, III, p. 2377.
Part II . Other enactments, III, p. 2380.
Schedule 28. Schedule 29. Borough civil courts to be abolished. III, p. 2382.
Adaptation, modification and amendment of enactments, III, p. 2384
Part I. General adaptation of enactments, III, p. 2384.
Part II . Particular modifications and amendments, III, p. 2347.
Schedule 30. Repeals, III, р. 2395 .
LOCOMOTIVES. Requirements as to employment of persons to attend to ( c. 20 ,
s. 34 )... ... ... ... ...
... I , p. 199
M
MAGISTRATES' COURTS. See CRIMINAL JUSTICE ACT ( c. 71); MAINTENANCE
ORDERS (RECIPROCAL ENFORCEMENT) ACT (c. 18).
MAINTENANCE ORDERS (RECIPROCAL ENFORCEMENT) ACT: с. 18
I , p. 133
PART I. -RECIPROCAL ENFORCEMENT OF MAINTENANCE ORDERS MADE
IN UNITED KINGDOM OR RECIPROCATING COUNTRY
Designation ofreciprocating countries
§ 1. Orders in Council designating reciprocating countries, I, p. 133.
Orders made by courts in the United Kingdom
2.
4.
5.
Transmission of maintenance order made in United Kingdom for enforcement
in reciprocating country, I, p. 134.
3. Power of magistrates' court to make provisional maintenance order against
person residing in reciprocating country, I, p. 135.
Power of sheriff to make provisional maintenance order against person residing
in reciprocating country, I, p. 136.
Variation and revocation of maintenance order made in United Kingdom,
I, p. 137.
Orders made by courts in reciprocating countries
6. Registration in United Kingdom court of maintenance order made in recipro-
cating country, I, p. 140.
7. Confirmation by United Kingdom court of provisional maintenance order made
in reciprocating country, I, p. 140.
8. 9. Enforcement of maintenance order registered in United Kingdom court, I, p. 142.
Variation and revocation of maintenance order registered in United Kingdom
court, I, p. 143.
10. Cancellation of registration and transfer of order, I, p. 145.
11. Steps to be taken by Secretary of State where payer under certain orders is not
residing in the United Kingdom, I, p. 147.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxli
MAINTENANCE ORDERS ( RECIPROCAL ENFORCEMENT) ACT -continued
PART I -continued
Appeals
12. Appeals, I, p. 147.
Evidence
13. 14. 15. Admissibility of evidence given in reciprocating country, I, p. 148.
Obtaining of evidence needed for purpose of certain proceedings, I, p. 149.
Order, etc. made abroad need not be proved, I, p. 150.
Supplemental
16. Payment of sums under orders made abroad: conversion of currency, I, p. 150.
17. Proceedings, in magistrates' courts, I, p. 151 .
18. Magistrates' courts rules, I, p. 152.
19. Rules for sheriff court, I, p. 153.
20. Restriction on enforcement of arrears under maintenance order registered in
Scotland, I, p. 154.
21. Interpretation of Part I, I, p. 154.
Amendments, repeals and transitional provisions
22 , and schedule. Amendments and repeals , I, pp. 156, 178 .
23. Maintenance order registered in High Court under the Maintenance Orders etc.
Act 1920, I, p. 156.
24. Application of Part I to certain orders and proceedings under the Maintenance
Ordersetc. Act 1920, I, p. 157.
PART II. -RECIPROCAL ENFORCEMENT OF CLAIMS FOR THE RECOVERY OF MAINTENANCE
Convention countries
25. Convention countries, I, p. 158.
Application by person in the United Kingdomfor recovery, etc.
ofmaintenance in convention country
26. Application by person in United Kingdom for recovery, etc. of maintenance in
convention country, I, p. 158.
Application by person in convention country for recovery ofmaintenance
in England, Wales or Northern Ireland
27. General provisions relating to application for recovery of maintenance in
England, etc. , I, p. 159.
28. Complaint by spouse in convention country for recovery in England and Wales
of maintenance from other spouse, I, p. 161 .
29. Complaint by woman in convention country for recovery in Northern Ireland
of maintenance from her husband, I, p. 162.
30. Further provisions relating to recovery in England, Wales and Northern Ireland
of maintenance for children, I, p. 163 .
Application by person in convention country for recovery ofmaintenance in Scotland
31. Application by person in convention country for recovery of maintenance in
Scotland, I, p. 164.
Transfer, enforcement, variation and revocation ofregistered orders
32. Transfer of orders , I, p. 165.
33. Enforcement of orders , I , p. 167.
34. Variation and revocation of orders , I, p. 168.
35. Further provisions with respect to variation, etc. of orders by magistrates'
courts, I, p. 168.
Supplemental
36. Admissibility of evidence given in convention country, I, p. 169.
37. Obtaining of evidence for purpose of proceedings in United Kingdom court,
I, p. 170.
38. Taking of evidence at request of court in convention country, I, p. 171 .
39. Interpretation of Part II , I, p. 172.
384011 2G3
ccxlii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
MAINTENANCE ORDERS ( RECIPROCAL ENFORCEMENT) ACT-continued
PART III . -MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTAL
Further provisions relating to enforcement ofmaintenance orders
and to applicationfor recovery ofmaintenance
40. Power to apply Act to maintenance orders and applications for recovery of
maintenance made in certain countries, I, p. 172.
Provisions with respect to certain orders of magistrates ' courts
41. 42. Complaint for variation, etc. of certain order by or against persons outside
England and Wales, I, p. 173 .
Provisional order for maintenance of party to marriage made by magistrates'
court to cease to have effect on remarriage of party, I, p. 174.
Supplementary provisions
43. Extension of legal aid , I, p. 174.
44. Exclusion of certain enactments relating to evidence, I, p. 175.
45. Orders in Council, I, p. 175 .
46. Financial provisions , I, p. 175.
47. Interpretation: general, I, p. 175.
48. Special provisions relating to Northern Ireland, I, p. 176.
49. Short title and commencement, I, p. 177 .
Schedule. Consequential and Minor Amendments, I , p. 178.
MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS (POLYGAMOUS MARRIAGES) Аст: с. 38 I, p. 552
§ 1. Matrimonial relief and declarations of validity in respect of polygamous
marriages : England and Wales, I , p. 552.
2. Matrimonial relief and declarations of validity in respect of polygamous
marriages : Scotland, I, p. 553.
3. Matrimonial relief and declarations of validity in respect of polygamous
marriages : Northern Ireland, I, p. 554.
4. Amendment of s. 1 of Nullity of Marriage Act 1971, I, p. 555.
5. Short title, interpretation and powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland,
I, p. 555.
MINERAL EXPLORATION AND INVESTMENT GRANTS ACT: c. 9... § 1. 2. 3. Contributions in respect of mineral exploration, I, p. 49.
Investment grants in respect of hired assets or of ships , I, p. 50.
Short title and extent, I, p. 50.
I , p. 49
MINISTERIAL AND OTHER SALARIES ACT: с. 3... ...
§ 1 , and schedules 1-4. New and altered salaries, I, pp. 4, 6-9.
2. Short title, I, p. 5.
Schedule 1. Ministerial salaries , I, p. 6.
Schedule 2. Opposition leaders and
leaders and whips, I, p. 7.
Schedule 3. Provisions re-enacted from previous Act, I, p. 8.
Schedule 4. Repeals, I, p. 9.
... I, p. 4
MINORS.
Care and protection (c. 24, s. 1)
... ... ... ...
Employment of (c. 44, s. 1)
... ... ... ... ...
National Health Service ( c. 58, s. 6)
... ... ... ...
I , p. 387
I, p. 817
II, p. 1647
MOTOR VEHICLES. See ROAD TRAFFIC Аст (с. 20).
MUSEUMS AND GALLERIES ADMISSION CHARGES ACT: c. 73
... III, p. 2503
§ 1. 2. Liberty to charge for admission, III, p. 2503.
Short title, III, p. 2504.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
N
ccxliii
NATIONAL DEBT ACT : с. 65 ... III, p. 1889
The Director of Savings
§ 1. Appointment, functions and expenses of Director of Savings, III, p. 1889.
The National Savings Stock Register
2. Maintenance of the register, III, p. 1889.
3. Power to make regulations with respect to the register, III, p. 1890.
4. Closing of register for transfers of stock to be redeemed, III , p. 1891 .
5. Settlement of disputes as to holdings on the register, III. p. 1891 .
6. Transfer to register of small holdings in names of deceased persons, III, p. 1891.
7. Acceptance of probate issued in Isle of Man or Channel Islands, III, p. 1892.
Savings certificates, stamps and tokens
8. National savings certificates, III, p. 1893.
9. War savings certificates, III , p. 1893.
10. National savings stamps and gift tokens , III, p. 1894.
Miscellaneous
11. Power of Treasury to make regulations as to raising of money under auspices
of Director of Savings etc. , III, p. 1894.
12. Power to replace lost or destroyed bonds, III, p. 1895 .
13. Provision as to 31% War Loan, III , p . 1895 .
14. Treasury payments to trustee savings banks, III, p. 1895 .
Supplemental
15. Interpretation etc., III, p. 1896.
16. Statutory instruments , III, p. 1897.
17, and schedule. Repeals and transitional provisions, III, pp. 1897, 1899.
18. Savings for powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland, III , p. 1898 .
19. Application of certain provisions of Act to Channel Islands and Isle of Man,
III, p. 1898.
20. Short title, III, p. 1898.
Schedule. Repeals, III, p. 1899.
NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE (FAMILY PLANNING) AMENDMENT ACT: c. 72
III, p. 2501
§ 1. Provision of voluntary vasectomy services, III, p. 2501 .
2. Expenses and receipts , III , p. 2502.
3. Short title, III , p. 2502.
NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE (SCOTLAND) Аст: с. 58...
... II, p. 1645
PART I. -DUTIES AND POWERS OF SECRETARY OF STATE
§ 1. General duty of Secretary of State, II, p. 1645.
2. Provision of accommodation and medical, etc. , services, II, p. 1645.
3. Provision of medical, dental, etc., services , II, p. 1646.
4. Prevention of illness, care and after-care, II, p. 1646.
5. Care of mothers and young children, II, p. 1647.
6. Medical and dental inspection, supervision and treatment of pupils and young
persons, II, p. 1647.
7. Vaccination and immunisation, II , p. 1647.
8. Family planning, II, p. 1648.
9. Educational and research facilities , II, p. 1648 .
10. Health education, II, p. 1648.
11. Residential and practice accommodation, II , p. 1648 .
12. Amendments of Part II of the Act of 1947 and of Part I of the Act of 1968,
II, p. 1649.
PART II . -HEALTH BOARDS, ETC.
13, and schedule 1. Health Boards, II, pp. 1649, 1682.
14. Local health councils, II, p. 1651 .
384011 2G4
ccxliv Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART II -continued
15 , and schedule 1. University Liaison Committees, II, pp. 1652, 1682 .
16. Local consultative committees, II, p. 1652.
PART III.-CENTRAL BODIES
17, and schedule 2. 18. Scottish Health Service Planning Council, II, pp . 1654, 1684.
National consultative committees, II, p. 1654.
19, and schedule 3. Common Services Agency, II , p. 1655, 1685.
PART IV. -CO- OPERATION WITH LOCAL AUTHORITIES , ETC.
20. Co-operation between Health Boards and local authorities, II, p. 1656.
21. Designated medical officers, II, p. 1656.
22. Supply of goods and services to local authorities , etc. , II, p. 1657 .
23. Assistance to voluntary organisations, II, p. 1658.
PART V. -TRANSFER OF PROPERTY, RIGHTS, LIABILITIES AND STAFF
24. Dissolution of Boards, etc. , II, p. 1658 .
25. Rights and liabilities of Regional Hospital Boards and Boards of Management,
II, p. 1659.
26. Transfer of property, rights and liabilities, etc. , of Executive Councils and the
Scottish Dental Estimates Board, II, p. 1659.
27. Transfer of property, rights and liabilities of local authorities , II, p. 1660.
28. Staff Commission, II, p. 1661 .
29. Transfer of staff of Regional Hospital Boards and Boards of Management,
II, p. 1662.
30. Transfer of staff of Executive Councils, etc. , II, p. 1663 .
31. Transfer of staff of local health and education authorities, II, p. 1663 .
32, and schedule 4. Transfer of staff employed for purposes of public health,
II, pp. 1663, 1686.
33. Transfer of certain staff to the employment of the Agency, II, p. 1664.
34. Transfer of other staff, II, p. 1664.
35. Supplementary order making powers, II , p. 1665.
36. Representations to Staff Commission, II, p. 1666.
PART VI . HOSPITAL ENDOWMENTS AND OTHER TRUST PROPERTY
37. Transfer of endowments and income held under section 7( 1) or 58 of the Act
38. Transfer of rights held under the Hospital Endowments (Scotland ) Act 1971 ,
of 1947, II , p. 1666.
II, p. 1666.
39. Transfer of property held on trust by local health authorities, II, p. 1667.
40. Power of trustees to make payments to Health Boards, II, p. 1668.
41. Power of Health Boards and local health councils to hold property on trust,
II, p. 1668.
PART VII. -THE HEALTH COMMISSIONER FOR SCOTLAND
42. Appointment of Commissioner and tenure of office, II, p. 1668.
43. Salary and pension, II, p. 1669.
44. Administrative provisions, II, p. 1669.
45, and schedule 5. Bodies and action subject to investigation, II, pp. 1670, 1687.
46. Provisions relating to complaints, II, p. 1671 .
47. Application of certain provisions of the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967,
II, p. 1672.
48. Reports by Commissioner, II, p. 1672.
49. Transitional provisions , II, p. 1673.
50. Interpretation of Part VII, II, p. 1673 .
PART VIII.-MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Miscellaneous
51. 52. 53. 54. State hospitals, II, p. 1673.
The Mental Welfare Commission for Scotland, II, p. 1674.
Extension of definition of infectious disease, II, p. 1674.
Power of Secretary of State in an emergency, II, p. 1675.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxlv
NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE ( SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART VIII-continued
55. Furnishing of overseas aid by Health Boards and the Agency, II, p . 1675 .
56. Transfer of functions under Nursing Homes Registration (Scotland) Act 1938,
II, p. 1676.
57. Accounts ofHealth Boards and the Agency, II, p. 1676.
General
58. 59. Purchase of land and moveable property, II, p. 1676.
Exemption from stamp duty, II, p. 1677.
60. Expenses, II, p. 1677 .
61. Supplementary and transitional, II, p. 1678.
62. Regulations , orders and local enactments, II, p. 1679 .
63. Interpretation, II, p. 1680.
64, and schedules 6, 7. Minor and consequential amendments and repeals, II,
pp. 1681, 1687, 1707.
65. Commencement, short title and extent, II , p. 1681 .
Schedule 1 . Health Boards and University Liaison Committees, II , p. 1682.
Schedule 2.
Scottish Health Service Planning Council, II, p. 1684.
Schedule 3 .
The Common Services Agency for the Scottish Health Service, II , p. 1685 .
Schedule 4. Public Health Functions , II , p. 1686.
Schedule 5. Action not subject to investigation, II, p. 1687.
Schedule 6. Minor and Consequential Amendments of Enactments, II, p. 1687.
Schedule 7 . Repeal of Enactments, II, p. 1707.
NATIONAL INSURANCE АСТ: с. 57
.. II, p. 1621
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Weekly rates of benefits under National Insurance Act 1965 and
Acts construed therewith, II, pp. 1621, 1632.
2. Attendance allowance, II, p. 1623 .
3, and schedule 2. Contributions under National Insurance Act 1965, II, pp. 1625 ,
1634.
4 , and schedule 3. Industrial injuries and diseases ( benefits and contributions),
II, pp. 1626, 1636.
5. Finality of decisions , II , р. 1627.
6 , and schedule 4. Minor amendments, financial provisions and commencement,
II, pp. 1628, 1639.
7, and schedule 5. Provisions as to Northern Ireland, II, pp. 1629, 1642.
8, and schedules 4, 6. Citation, construction and repeals , II, pp. 1630, 1639, 1644.
Schedule 1. Provisions to be substituted in Schedule 3 to National Insurance Act
1965, II, p. 1632.
Schedule 2. Provisions to be substituted in Schedule 1 to National Insurance
Act 1965, II, p. 1634.
Schedule 3 . Provisions to be substituted in Schedule 3 to National Insurance
( Industrial Injuries) Act 1965, II, p. 1636.
Schedule 4. Commencement and transitory provisions, II, p. 1639 .
Schedule 5. Adaptations for Northern Ireland, II, p. 1642.
Schedule 6. Repeals, II, p. 1644.
NATIONAL INSURANCE (AMENDMENT ) ACT: с. 36
... I, p. 532
§ 1. Amendment of s. 30 of 1965 c. 51 , I , p. 532 .
2. Amendment of section 29 of 1966 s. 6 (N.I.) , I, p. 533 .
3. Short title, citation and commencement, I, p. 533.
NATIONAL INSURANCE REGULATIONS ( VALIDATION) ACT: c. 4
I , p. 10
§ 1. Validation, I, p. 10.
2. Short title and extent, I, p. 10.
NEGLIGENCE. See DEFECTIVE PREMISES ACT (с. 35) .
NORTHERN IRELAND. (See also EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES Aст ( с. 68)) .
Application to, under-
Agriculture ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Act ( c. 62, s. 27(5 ))
Carriage by Railway Act (c. 33, s. 10 )...
384011
II, p. 1847
I, p. 507
2G5
ccxlvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
NORTHERN IRELAND (see also EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES) Act -continued
Criminal Justice Act (c. 71 , s. 66(7)(b))
...
... III, p. 2481
Counter-Inflation (Temporary Provisions) Act ( c. 74, s. 7 ) ... III, p. 2509
Industry Act (c. 63, s. 18 )
... ... ... ... ...
II, p. 1879
National Insurance Act ( c. 57, ss . 7, 8( 3)(4), sch. 5 ) II, pp. 1629, 1630, 1642
Post Office (Borrowing) Act ( c. 79, s. 2( 4 ) )... ... ... III, p. 2525
Road Traffic Act ( c. 20, s. 209(2))... ... ... I , p. 331
Sound Broadcasting Act ( c. 31 , s . 13( 4) )... ... ... I, p. 490
Summer Time Act ( c. 6, s . 4(1 ))... ... ... ...
I , p. 39
Superannuation Act ( c. 11, s . 30(5))... ... ... ...
I, p. 79
Trade Descriptions Act (c . 34, s. 4( 3))... ... ...
I, p. 525
Powers of , under-
Criminal Justice Act (c. 71 , s. 63)... ... ... ...
Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles) Act ( c. 27, s. 6 )... ...
III, p. 2479
I , p. 453
NORTHERN IRELAND Aст: с. 10... ... ... ... ... I , p. 51
§ 1. Effect of Government of Ireland Act 1920, s. 4( 1) para. ( 3), I, p. 51 .
2. Short title, I, p. 51 .
NORTHERN IRELAND (BORDER POLL ) ACT: c. 77... ... ... III, p. 2520
§ 1, and schedule. Holding of border poll in Northern Ireland, III, pp. 2520. 2522
2. Financial provisions , III , p. 2521 .
3. Short title, III, p. 2521 .
Schedule. Form of ballot paper, III, p. 2522.
NORTHERN IRELAND (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS ) ACT: c. 76... III, p. 2518
§ 1. Loans for capital purposes, III , p. 2518.
2. Grants in aid, III, p. 2518.
3. Laying of certain Northern Ireland accounts and reports, III, p. 2518.
4. Short title, III, p. 2519.
NORTHERN IRELAND (TEMPORARY PROVISIONS ) ACT: c. 22... I, p. 380
§ 1 , and schedule. Exercise ofexecutive and legislative powers in N.I. , I, pp. 380, 382.
2. Status of Northern Ireland as part of the United Kingdom, I, p. 381.
3. Short title, I, p. 381 .
Schedule. Consequential, supplementary and transitional provisions, I, p. 382.
NUISANCE. Saving for law of, under Road Traffic Act (c. 20, s. 207) I, p. 330
OVERSEAS INVESTMENT AND EXPORT GUARANTEES ACT: c. 40... I, p. 557
§ 1. Investment overseas : arrangements for meeting non- commercial risks, I, p. 557.
2. Arrangements for meeting non-commercial risks: financial provisions, I, p. 558.
3. Abortive exploratory expenditure connected with overseas enterprises , I, p. 558.
4. Export guarantees: increase of limits on commitments, I, p. 559.
5. Short title and supplemental provisions, I, p. 559.
P
PARLIAMENT.
Highway Code to be laid and approved by both Houses ( c. 20, s. 37( 3))
I, p. 201
Members' pensions. See PARLIAMENTARY AND OTHER PENSIONS ACT ( c. 48 ).
Members' salaries. See MINISTERIAL AND OTHER SALARIES ACT ( c. 3).
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxlvii
PARLIAMENT-continued
Orders, regulations, reports, statements etc., to be laid before Commons
House of Parliament, under-
Civil List Act (c. 7, s. 5( 4 ) )
I, p. 44
National Debt Act (c. 65, s. 16(3)) ...
III, p. 1897
Northern Ireland (Financial Provisions) Act ( c. 76, s. 3)...
III, p. 2518
Parliamentary and other Pensions Act ( c. 48, s. 5(7), sch. 1 para. 14 )
II, pp. 1128, 1154
Orders, regulations, reports, statements etc., to be laid before Parliament
under-
British Library Act ( c. 54, ss. 4(3), 5(3), sch. para. 5(2)) II, pp. 1561 , 1563
Finance Act (c. 41, s . 131 ( 3))
I, p. 664
Gas Act (c. 60, ss. 4(3), 7(3), 8( 4), 13 (2) , 20(5), 22(2) (4)(b) , 23(8))
II, pp. 1720, 1723, 1724, 1728, 1732, 1733, 1735
Harbours (Loans) Act ( c. 16, s . 3( 3))
..
I, p. 126
Horserace Totalisator and Betting Levy Boards Act (c. 69, s. 3( 3))
III, p. 1986
Industry Act (c. 63, s. 8(8))
... ...
II, p. 1871
Local Employment Act ( c. 5, s . 17(2)(3))
...
I, pp. 25, 26
Local Government Act ( c. 70, sch. 12 paras. 18(6), 34(6))
III, pp. 2275, 2279
Mineral Exploration and Investment Grants Act ( c. 9, s. 1 ( 7)) I, p. 50
National Health Service ( Scotland ) Act ( c. 58, ss. 17(3), 24(3) , 48(3)(4),
57 ( 4 )) II, pp. 1654, 1659 , 1672, 1673, 1676
National Debt Act (c. 65, s. 16( 3))
... ...
...
III, p. 1897
National Insurance Act ( c. 57, sch. 4 para. 1 (3))
...
...
II, p. 1639
Overseas Investment and Export Guarantees Act ( c. 40, s. 1( 6 ) )
Poisons Act (c. 66, s. 10(2)) ...... ... Sunday Cinema Act ( c. 19, s. 3(2)) ...... ... ... Superannuation Act (c. 11, s. 2( 11 ))... Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act (c. 52, s. 81 )
I, p. 558
III, p. 1910
I, p. 181
I , p. 56
II, p. 1257
Orders, regulations, etc. subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution
of either House of Parliament under-
Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (c. 62, sch . 3 para. 3(2))
II, p. 1852
Clergy Pensions ( Amendment) Measure ( No. 5, s. 6( 5)) ...
III, p. 2565
Companies (Floating Charges and Receivers) (Scotland) Act ( c. 67,
s. 29(2), sch. , s . 106D(3))... III, pp. 1937, 1943
Contracts of Employment Act ( c. 53, s. 7( 3))... ... II, p. 1544
Counter-Inflation (Temporary Provisions) Act (c. 74, sch. paras. 6, 7)
III, p. 2512
Criminal Justice Act (c. 71, ss. 7(6), 19(3), 20(6)) III, pp. 2444, 2456, 2457
Defective Premises Act (c. 35, s. 2(6))
... ... ... I, p. 528
Deposit of Poisonous Waste Act (c. 21, s. 3(9))
... I, p. 377
European Communities Act (c . 68, sch. 2 para. 2( 2))
... III, p. 1966
Finance Act (c. 41 , s. 130 ( 3))
I, p. 663
Horserace Totalisator and Betting Levy Boards Act ( c. 69, s. 1( 2))
III, p. 1984
Housing Finance Act (c. 47, ss. 11 (10), 16(3), 25(4), 75( 14), 80( 3), 92(11),
103(5)) ...
II, pp. 959, 963, 973, 1024, 1028, 1044, 1053
Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act ( c. 46, ss. 17(4) , 20(2))
I, pp. 840, 842
ccxlviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
PARLIAMENT -continued
Industry Act (c. 63, s. 5(5))... ... ... ... ... II, p. 1866
Local Employment Act ( c. 5, s. 18(2))
I, p. 26
Local Government Act ( c. 70, ss. 42(8), 51( 4), 58(4), 67(3), 71 (5), 137(6) ,
166(3) , 169(3)(b), 178(2), 181 (6 ) , 187(7) , 198( 4), 200(6), 201 (4), 202(7) ,
207(7) , 253(3), 254(9), 255(5), 259(5), 260(7) , 262( 11), sch. 1 Pt. V
para. 2( 2), sch. 13 paras. 4( 3), 5( 4))
III, pp. 2014, 2022, 2028, 2034, 2039, 2083,
2106, 2108, 2114, 2117, 2127, 2139, 2142, 2143, 2145, 2151, 2187, 2190,
2192, 2195, 2197, 2202, 2231 , 2283
Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act ( c. 18, s. 45(2))
I , p. 175
Museums and Galleries Admission Charges Act ( c. 73, s. 1 ( 3) )
III, p. 2504
National Health Service ( Scotland ) Act ( c. 58, ss. 45( 5 ), 62(2))
II, p. 1671 , 1679
Northern Ireland ( Temporary Provisions) Act ( c. 22, sch. para. 4( 4)(5))
Poisons Act (c. 66, s . 10(1)) ...
I, p. 384
... ... ... ...
III, p. 1910
Road Traffic Act ( c. 20, s. 199(3))
... ... I, p. 328
Sunday Theatre Act ( c. 26, s. 4(2))
I, p. 446
Superannuation Act ( c. 11, ss. 1 ( 8)(d), 6(2)( c), 12(6), 13(6), 24(5))
I, pp. 55, 59, 64, 65, 75
Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act ( c. 52, s. 273( 2 )(5))
II, p. 1422
Transport Holding Company Act ( c. 14, s. 2(5))
... ...
I, p. 121
Orders, regulations, etc. subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of
the House of Commons under-
Betting and Gaming Duties Act ( c. 25, sch. 1 para. 2( 5), sch. 2para. 8( 3),
sch. 3 paras. 4( 3), 8( 3), sch. 4 para. 3( 2)) I, pp. 409, 421, 428, 429, 436
Finance Act (c. 41, ss. 43( 3), 52(6), 61 (3), 67( 3), sch. 7 para. 26( 3), sch.
12 Pt. VII para. 4) ... ...
... I, pp. 593, 597, 604, 607, 691 , 705
National Debt Act (c. 65, s. 16( 2)) ...
... ... ... III, p. 1897
Resolution of both Houses required for approval of orders, etc. under-
Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act ( c. 62, s. 19( 3))
II, p. 1844
Carriage by Railway Act (c. 33, s . 9( 3))...
I , p. 507
Contracts of Employment Act (c. 53, ss. 9( 7 ), 10(4))... II, p. 1547
Criminal Justice Act (c. 71, s. 15(6))... ... ... III, p. 2452
Gas Act (c. 60, s. 45( 4))... II, p. 1753
European Communities Act ( c. 68, s.1 ( 3) sch. 2 para. 2) III, pp. 1948, 1966
Housing Finance Act ( c. 47, ss. 89(3), 90(2))... II, pp. 1038, 1039
Industry Act (c. 63, s . 5( 6 ))... II, p. 1866
Local Government Act (c. 70, ss. 8 (3), 62( 8), 214( 4), 252( 3), sch. 3 para.
1( 2))... III, pp. 1995, 2032 , 2159, 2187, 2236
Ministerial and other Salaries Act ( c. 3, s. 1(4 )) ...... I, p. 5
Northern Ireland ( Border Poll) Act ( c. 77, s. 1 ( 3)) III, p. 2521
Northern Ireland ( Temporary Provisions ) Act ( c. 22, s. 1( 5 ), sch. para.
4 (3)) ...... I, pp. 381, 383
Road Traffic Act . ( c. 20, ss. 44( 5), 199( 4)(5))... I, pp. 210, 328
Sound Broadcasting Act (c. 31, s. 5(7 )) I , p. 483
Town and Country Planning (Scotland ) Act ( c. 52, ss. 251( 2), 273(6))
II, pp. 1404, 1422
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccxlix
PARLIAMENT-continued
Resolution of the House of Commons required for approval of orders, etc.
under-
Betting and Gaming Duties Act ( c. 25, s. 15( 2)(3))... Civil List Act (c. 7, s . 6( 5))... Counter-Inflation ( Temporary Provisions) Act ( c. 74, s. 1( 3) )
I, p. 398
I , p. 44
III, p. 2505
Electricity Act ( c. 17, s. 1( 4 ))... I, p. 129
Finance Act ( c. 41, ss. 43( 4 ), 52( 6), 91 ( 3), 108( 4), 132(3) )
I, pp. 593, 597, 633, 647, 664
Gas Act(c. 60, s. 19( 3))
... II, p. 1731
Harbours (Loans) Act ( c. 16, s. 4 (1 ))
... I, p. 127
Industry Act (c. 63, s . 8(7)(8)) II, p. 1871
Mineral Exploration and Investment Grants Act ( c. 9, s. 1( 2))
Ministerial and other Salaries Act (c. 3, s. 1( 4 ))
I, p. 49
... ... I, p. 5
Overseas Investment and Export Guarantees Act ( c. 40, s. 2( 4))
I , p. 558
PARLIAMENTARY AND OTHER PENSIONS ACT: c. 48
.. II, p. 1123
PART I. -GENERAL PROVISIONS
§ 1, and schedule 1. Reconstitution of members' contributory pensions scheme,
II, pp. 1123, 1153.
2. Voluntary participation by holders of Ministerial and other offices , II, p. 1124.
3. Contributions from Parliamentary remuneration, II, p. 1125.
4. Contributions from participants under s. 2, II, p. 1126.
5. Exchequer contributions , II , p. 1127.
6. Reckonable service, II, p. 1128 .
7. Pensions of Members, II, p. 1129.
8. Alternative calculation of pension by reference to Act of 1965, II, p. 1131 .
9. Pensions for participants under s. 2, II, p. 1131 .
10. Annual amount of pension under s. 9, II, p. 1131 .
11. Commutation of part of pension, II, p. 1133.
12. Duration of pension under s. 7 or s. 9, II, p. 1134.
13. Pensions for widows, II, p. 1135.
14. Pensions for certain widowers, II , p. 1135.
15, and schedule 2. Children's pensions, II , pp . 1136, 1154.
16. Gratuity on death of Member or office-holder, II, p. 1138 .
17. Gratuity on death after retirement, II, p. 1138.
18. Refund of contributions to contributor, II , p. 1139.
19. Refund of contributions after death of contributor, II , p. 1140.
20. Application of pensions, II, p. 1141 .
21. 22. Transfers to other pension schemes, II, p. 1141.
Transfers from other pension schemes, II, p. 1142.
23. Service as Member or in qualifying office to be treated as employment for certain
pension purposes, II, p. 1143.
24. 25. Payments due to deceased persons, II, p. 1143.
Interpretation of Part I, II, p. 1144.
PART II . -PRIME MINISTER, SPEAKER AND LORD CHANCELLOR
26. Pensions of Prime Minister and Speaker, II, p. 1145.
27. Pensions for dependants of Prime Minister or Speaker, II , p. 1146.
28. Pension of Lord Chancellor, II, p. 1146.
29. Preservation of ratio between salary and pension, II , p. 1147.
30. Transfers to Consolidated Fund and refund of contributions, II, p. 1148.
PART III . -MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
31. Provisions as to Pensions ( Increase) Act 1971, II, p. 1148.
32. Annuity premiums of Ministers and other office-holders, II, p. 1149.
33. Deduction of tax from refunds of contributions, II, p. 1150.
34. Provisions as to Northern Ireland, II, p. 1150.
35. Interpretation (general) , II , p. 1150.
36, and schedules 3, 4. Amendments, repeals and savings, II, pp. 151, 5, 1151 .
ccl Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
PARLIAMENTARY AND OTHER PENSIONS ACT -continued
PART III-continued
37. Short title, II, p. 1152.
Schedule 1. Parliamentary Contributory Pension Fund, II, p. 1153.
Schedule 2. Persons qualifying for children's pensions, II, p. 1154.
Schedule 3. Enactments amended, II, p. 1155.
Schedule 4. Enactments repealed, II , p. 1155.
PARTNERSHIPS. Value added tax provisions ( c. 41 , s. 22 )... PENSIONERS AND FAMILY INCOME SUPPLEMENT PAYMENTS Aст: с. 75
I, p. 577
III, p. 2513
§ 1. Lump sum payments to pensioners, III, p. 2513 .
2. Lump sum payments: supplementary, III, p. 2515.
3. Alteration ofperiod for which family income supplement is payable, III, p. 2516.
4. Expenses, III, p. 2517.
5. Supplementary, III, p. 2517.
PENSIONERS' PAYMENTS AND NATIONAL INSURANCE CONTRIBUTIONS ACTт : с. 80
III, p. 2526
§ 1. Extension of pensioner's entitlement to payments under 1972 c. 75, III, p. 2526.
2. Construction of references to " remuneration " in National Insurance Acts, III,
p. 2527.
3. Citation etc. , III , p. 2527 .
PERFORMERS' PROTECTION ACT: c. 32... ... ... ... I, p. 497
§ 1 , and schedule. Increase of fines under Performers ' Protection Acts 1958 and
1963 , I, pp. 497, 499.
2. Amendment of section 1 of Dramatic and Musical Performers' Protection Act
1958, I, p. 497.
3. Amendment of Performers' Protection Act 1963, I, p. 498.
4. Citation, construction, commencement and extent, I, p. 498.
Schedule. Increase of fines, I, p. 499.
POISONS ACст: с. 66.. ... ... ... III , p. 1901
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Poisons Board, III , pp. 1901, 1913.
2. Poisons List, III , p. 1901 .
3. Regulation of sale of poisons, III, p. 1902.
4. Exclusion of sales by wholesale and certain other sales , III, p. 1903.
5. Lists of persons entitled to sell poisons in Part II of Poisons List, III, p. 1904.
6. Supplementary provisions as to local authorities ' lists, III, p. 1905.
7. Poisons Rules, III, p. 1906.
8. Penalties , III, p. 1907.
9. Inspection and enforcement, III, p. 1908.
10. Orders and rules, III, p. 1910.
11. Interpretation, III, p. 1910.
12, and schedule 2. Repeals and consequential provisions, III , pp. 1911, 1914.
13. Commencement and transitional provisions, III, p. 1912.
14. Short title and extent, III, p. 1912.
Schedule 1. Constitution of Poisons Board, III, p. 1913.
Schedule 2. Enactments repealed, III, p. 1914.
POLICE. Powers and duties under
Road Traffic Act ( c. 20, ss. 5-11, 159, 161, 162 )
Road Traffic (Foreign Vehicles ) Act ( c. 27, s. 3)
POLICE ACT: с. 39... ... ... ... ...
§ 1. 2. Amendment of s. 44 of Police Act 1964, I, p. 556.
Short title, I, p. 556.
POLICE FORCES. Superannuation of members of ( c. 11, s. 15 )
I, pp. 185-191, 302, 304, 305
... ... I , p. 449
... ... I, p. 556
... I, p. 66
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccli
POLYGAMY. See MATRIMONIAL PROCEEDINGS (POLYGAMOUS MARRIAGES) ACT
( c. 38).
POOL BETTING. Duties on (c. 25, ss. 6-8, 10)
POST OFFICE (BORROWING) Аст: с. 79
I, pp. 390-392, 394
... III, p. 2524
§ 1. Post Office liabilities, III, p. 2524.
2. Citation, etc. , III , p . 2525 .
PUBLIC ENTERTAINMENTS. See PERFORMERS' PROTECTION ACT ( c. 32) ; SUNDAY
CINEMA ACT (c. 19 ); SUNDAY THEATRE Aст (с. 26 ) .
PUBLIC PROSECUTOR. Consent of , to proceedings under-
Gas Act(c. 60, s. 43)...
...
...
... II, p. 1751
Road Traffic Act (c. 20, s. 123)
...
I, p. 276
PURCHASE TAX.
Abolition of (c. 41 , s. 54 )...
Alteration of rates (c. 41, s . 53)
... I, p. 598
I, p. 598
R
REPAIR OF BENEFICE BUILDINGS MEASURE: No. 2
... ... III, p. 2531
Diocesan Parsonages Boards
§ 1. Appointment or designation and constitution of Parsonages Boards, III, p. 2531 .
Repair ofBenefice Buildings
2. Meaning of repairs, III, p. 2533.
3. Periodic inspections by diocesan surveyors, III , p. 2534.
4. Reports by diocesan surveyors, III , p . 2534.
5. Duty of Board to carry out repairs in report relating to parsonage house, III,
p. 2535 .
6. Repairs of glebe buildings , III, p. 2536.
7. Schemes for securing repairs of glebe buildings, III, p. 2537.
8. Interim inspections and repairs , III, p. 2538 .
9. Repairs to party walls etc., III , p. 2538.
10. Regulation of inspections , reports and repairs , III, p. 2538.
11. Powers of entry, III, p . 2538 .
12. Insurance, III, p. 2539.
13. Obligations and powers of incumbent in relation to parsonage house, III, p. 2540.
14. Parsonage house ceasing to be such , III , p. 2541 .
Other functions ofParsonages Boards
15. Extension by scheme of functions of Parsonages Boards, III, p. 2541 .
16. Powers of Board to pay rates, rents and other outgoings, III, p. 2542.
Financial Provisions
17. Diocesan Parsonages Fund, III, p. 2543 .
18. Payments to Parsonages Fund from Repair Accounts etc. , III, p. 2543.
19. Other Financial Provisions, III , p. 2544.
Miscellaneous and General
20. Felling of trees, III, p . 2545.
21. Additions and alterations to parsonage houses and glebe buildings, III, p. 2546.
22. Leases of glebe, III, p. 2547.
23. Board to be informed and to advise and negotiate on matters affecting benefice
property, III , p. 2547 .
24. Guidance by Commissioners, III, p. 2548.
25. Charities , III, p. 2548.
26. Application of Measure during vacancies, III, p. 2548 .
27. Notices and other documents , III, p. 2549.
28. Delegation of functions of bishops , III, p. 2549.
29. Transfer to Board of functions of Diocesan Dilapidations Board, III , p. 2549.
cclii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
REPAIR OF BENEFICE BUILDINGS MEASURE: No. 2 -continued
30. Schemes of diocesan synods, III, p. 2549.
31. Interpretation, III, p. 2550 .
32. Commencement of Measure, III, p. 2551 .
33. Saving for Planning Acts, III, p. 2551 .
34, and schedule 1. Transitional Provisions, III, pp. 2552, 2553.
35, and schedule 2. Repeals , III , pp. 2552, 2555.
36. Short title and extent, III, p. 2552.
Schedule 1. Transitional Provisions, III, p . 2553.
Schedule 2. Acts and Measures Repealed, III , p. 2555.
RESTITUTION. Ofstolen property ( c. 71, s. 6 )...
RIGHTS OF WAY. Extinguishment of ( c. 52, s . 203)
...
ROAD TRAFFIC ACT: c. 20
III, p. 2442
II, p. 1367
I, p. 183
PART I. -PRINCIPAL ROAD SAFETY PROVISIONS
Offences connected with driving ofmotor vehicles
§ 1. Causing death by reckless or dangerous driving, I, p. 183.
2. Reckless, and dangerous, driving generally, I, p. 183.
3. Careless , and inconsiderate, driving, I, p. 184.
4. Driving under age, I, p. 184.
5. Driving, or being in charge, when under influence of drink or drugs, I, p. 185.
6. Driving, or being in charge, with blood-alcohol concentration above the
prescribed limit, I, p. 186.
7. Evidence on charge of unfitness to drive, I, p. 186.
8. Breath tests , I, p. 187.
9. Laboratory tests, I, p. 188.
10. Ancillary provisions as to evidence in proceedings for an offence under s. 5 or 6,
I , p. 189.
11. Detention of persons while affected by alcohol, I, p. 191 .
12. Interpretation of ss. 6 to 11 , I, p. 191.
13. Person liable to be charged with offence under ss. 5, 6 or 9 not liable to be
charged with certain other offences, I, p. 192.
14. Motor racing on highways, I, p. 192.
15. Regulation of motoring events on highways, I, p. 192.
16. Restriction on carriage of persons on motorcycles, I, p. 192.
Offences connected with riding ofpedal cycles
17. Reckless, and dangerous, cycling, I, p. 193.
18. Careless , and inconsiderate , cycling, I, p. 193.
19. Cycling when under influence of drink or drugs, I, p. 193.
20. Regulation of cycle racing on highways, I, p. 193.
21. Restriction on carriage of persons on bicycles, I, p. 194.
Offences connected with traffic generally
22. 23. 24. Drivers to comply with traffic directions, I, p. 194.
Pedestrians to comply with directions to stop given by constables regulating
vehicular traffic, I, p. 195.
Leaving vehicles in dangerous positions , I, p. 195.
Accidents
25. Duty to stop, and furnish particulars, in case of accident, I, p. 195.
26. General provisions as to accident inquiries, I, p. 196.
27. Special provisions as to accident inquiries in Greater London, I, p. 196.
28. Inquests on road deaths in Greater London, I, p. 197.
Ancillary provisions for preventing, or mitigating effects of , accidents
29. Penalisation of tampering with motor vehicles, I, p. 197.
30. Penalisation of holding or getting on to vehicle in order to be towed or carried,
I, p. 197.
31. Control of dogs on roads, I, p. 198 .
32. Wearing of protective headgear, I, p. 198.
33, and schedule 1. Protective helmets for motor cyclists, I, pp. 199, 332.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
ccliii
ROAD TRAFFIC ACT-continued
PART I -continued
34. Manning oflocomotives and trailers
Requirements as to employment of persons to attend to locomotives and trailers ,
I, p. 199.
Restrictions on use ofmotor vehicles off roadway
35. Control of use of footpaths and bridleways for motor vehicle trials, I, p. 200.
36. Prohibition of driving motor vehicles elsewhere than on roads, I, p. 201 .
Road safety information and road training
37. The Highway Code, I, p. 201 .
38, and schedule 2. Powers of Secretary of State and local authorities as to giving
road safety information and training, I, pp. 202, 335.
39. Powers of Secretary of State to subsidise bodies other than local authorities for
giving road safety information and training, I, p. 203.
PART II . CONSTRUCTION AND USE OF VEHICLES AND EQUIPMENT
General provisions
40. Regulation of construction, weight, equipment and use of vehicles, I, p. 203.
41. Temporary exemption from application of regulations under s. 40, I, p. 206.
42. Authorisation of use on roads of special vehicles not complying with regulations
under s . 40, I, p. 206.
43. Tests of satisfactory condition of vehicles other than goods vehicles to which
44. Obligatory test certificates for vehicles other than goods vehicles to which s. 45
s. 45 applies , I, p. 207.
applies , I, p. 209.
45. Tests of satisfactory condition of certain classes of goods vehicles and deter-
mination of plated weights and other particulars therefor, I, p. 211 .
46. Obligatory test certificates for goods vehicles to which s. 45 applies, I, p. 214.
47. Approval of design, construction, etc. , of goods vehicles, I, p. 215.
48. Supplementary provisions as to type approval and other certificates, I, p. 218 .
49. Appeals, I, p. 219.
50. Regulations for purposes of ss. 47 to 49 and other supplementary provisions,
I, p. 220.
51. Obligatory type approval , manufacturers' and Minister's approval, certificates,
52. I, p. 222.
Regulations prohibiting the grant of excise licences for certain vehicles except on
compliance with certain conditions, I, p. 223 .
53, and schedule 3. Testing of condition of vehicles on roads, I, pp. 224, 335.
54. Remedying of defects discovered on roadside tests , I, p. 226.
55. Tests to check whether defects have been remedied, I, p. 227.
56. Power to inspect goods vehicles to secure proper maintenance, I, p. 229.
57. Power to prohibit the driving of unfit goods vehicles , I, p. 229.
58. Removal of prohibition of driving of unfit goods vehicle, I, p. 231 .
59. Operators' duty to inspect, and keep records of inspections of , goods vehicles,
I, p. 232.
60. Vehicles not to be sold in unroadworthy condition or altered so as to be
unroadworthy, I, p. 233 .
61. Testing condition of used vehicles at sale rooms, etc. , I, p. 234.
62. Goods vehicles not to be sold without required manufacturer's or Minister's
approval certificate, I, p. 235.
63. Approval marks, I, p. 235.
64. Provisions as to proceedings for certain offences in connection with goods
vehicles , I, p. 236.
65. Restriction on number of trailers drawn, I, p. 237.
Provisions as to pedal cycles and horse-drawn vehicles
66. 67. Regulation of brakes, bells, etc. , on pedal cycles , I, p. 238.
Regulation of brakes on horse- drawn vehicles, I, p. 239.
Provisions as to lighting ofvehicles
68. Obligatory front and rear lamps and headlamps, I, p. 239.
69. Obligatory reflectors, I, p. 240.
70. Restriction on the nature of the lamps to be carried, I, p. 240.
ccliv Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
ROAD TRAFFIC ACT-continued
PART II -continued
71. Restriction on movement of lamps, I, p. 241 .
72. Multi-purpose lamps and combined lamps and reflectors, I, p. 241 .
73. Regulation of position, character, use, etc. , of lamps and reflectors, I, p. 241 .
74. Bicycles, tricycles and invalid carriages , I, p. 243 .
75. Horse- drawn agricultural vehicles, I, p. 243.
76. Vehicles carrying overhanging or projecting loads, I, p. 244.
77. Vehicles towing and being towed, I, p. 245.
78. Power of exemption and variation of requirements , I, p. 246.
79. Power to impose additional requirements for vehicles over prescribed length
and trailers, I, p. 247.
80. Application of ss. 68 to 79 to reflecting material, I, p. 248.
81. Offences, I, p. 248 .
Supplementary
82. Interpretation of Part II, I, p. 248.
83. Administrative expenses, appointment of officials and destination of fees, I,
p. 249.
PART III . -LICENSING OF DRIVERS OF VEHICLES
Driving licences
84. Drivers of motor vehicles to have driving licences , I, p. 250.
85. Tests of competence to drive, I, p. 251.
86. Repayment of test fees, I, p. 253.
87. Requirements as to physical fitness of drivers, I, p. 253 .
88. Grant of licences, I, p. 255.
89. Duration of licences, I, p. 257.
90. Appeals relating to licences, I, p. 258.
91. Driving with uncorrected defective eyesight, I, p. 258 .
92. Notification of disease or disability, I, p. 259.
Disqualification and endorsement of licences
93, and schedule 4. Disqualification on conviction of certain offences, I, pp. 259,
337.
94. Appeal against disqualification, and rule for determining end of period thereof,
I, p. 261 .
95. Removal of disqualification, I, p. 261 .
96. Disqualification of persons under age, I , p. 262.
97. Disqualification to prevent duplication of licences, I, p. 262.
98. Effect of disqualification, I, p. 262.
99. Offence of obtaining licence, or driving, while disqualified, I, p. 262.
100. Arrest without warrant of persons driving while disqualified, I, p. 263 .
101 , and schedule 4. Endorsement of licences, I, pp. 263, 337.
102. Combination of disqualification and endorsement with probation orders and
orders for discharge in England or Wales, I, p. 264.
103. Interim disqualification on committal in England or Wales under s. 56 of
Criminal Justice Act 1967, etc. , I, p. 265.
104. Information as to date of birth and sex, I , p. 266.
105. Supplementary provisions as to disqualifications and endorsements, I, p. 267.
Supplementary
106. 107. 108. 109. 110. 111. Conduct of proceedings in certain courts by or against the Secretary of State,
I, p. 268.
Regulations for purposes of Part III, I, p. 268.
Destination of fees for licences, etc. , under Part III, I, p. 269.
Service of notices, I, p. 270.
Interpretation of Part III , I, p. 270.
Provisions as to Northern Ireland drivers' licences , I, p. 270.
PART IV. -LICENSING OF DRIVERS OF HEAVY GOODS VEHICLES
112. 113. Drivers of heavy goods vehicles to be licensed, I, p. 271 .
Licensing authority, and applications, for heavy goods vehicle driver's licences ,
I, p. 271 .
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cclv
ROAD TRAFFIC ACT-continued
PART IV -continued
114, and schedule 5. Grant of heavy goods vehicle drivers' licences, I , pp. 272, 358.
115. Duration of heavy goods vehicle drivers' licences, I, p. 272.
116. Disqualification on revocation of heavy goods vehicle driver's licence, I , p. 272.
117. Court may determine whether test of competence to drive was properly con-
ducted, I, p. 273 .
118. Appeals relating to heavy goods vehicle drivers ' licences, I, p. 273 .
119. Regulations for purposes of Part IV, I, p. 274.
120. Fees and expenses, I, p. 275.
121. Common test of competence to drive for the purposes of Parts III and IV, I,
p. 276.
122, and schedule 5. Transitional provisions as to certain heavy goods vehicle drivers'
licences , I , pp. 276, 358 .
123. Restriction on institution of proceedings for certain offences, I, p. 276.
124. Interpretation of Part IV, I , p. 276.
125. Provisions as to Northern Ireland heavy goods vehicle drivers' licences, I, p. 277 .
PART V. -DRIVING INSTRUCTION
126. Driving instruction for payment to be given only by registered or licensed
persons, I, p. 278.
127. Exemption of police instructors from prohibition imposed by s. 126, I, p. 279 .
128. The register and registration and duration thereof, I, p. 279 .
129. Extension of duration of registration, I , p. 281 .
130. Removal of names from register, I, p. 282.
131. Licences , I, p. 283 .
132, and schedule 6. Appeals, I, pp. 285, 359.
133. Examinations and tests of ability to give driving instruction, I, p. 286.
134. Power to alter conditions for entry or retention in , and removal from, register
and grant or revocation of licences, I, p. 287.
135. Power to prescribe form of certificate of registration, etc., I, p. 287.
136. Surrender of certificate and licences , I, p. 288.
137. Production of certificate and licences to constables and authorised persons, I,
p. 288.
138. Evidence by certificate as to registration and licences, I, p. 289.
139. Offences by corporations , I, p. 289.
140. Service of notices, I, p. 289.
141. 142. Expenses and receipts, I, p. 289.
Regulations for purposes of Part V, I, p. 289.
PART VI.- THIRD- PARTY LIABILITIES
Compulsory insurance or security against third - party risks
143. Users of motor vehicles to be insured or secured against third-party risks , I,
p. 290.
144. Exceptions from requirement of third-party insurance or security, I, p. 290.
145. Requirements in respect of policies of insurance, I, p. 291 .
146. Requirements in respect of securities, I, p. 291 .
147. Issue and surrender of certificates of insurance and of security, I, p. 292.
148. Avoidance of certain exceptions to policies or securities and of certain agree-
149. Duty ments, etc. , as to risks required to be covered thereby, I, p. 293.
Duty of insurers or persons giving security to satisfy judgment against persons
insured or secured against third- party risks , I, p. 294.
150. Bankruptcy, etc. , of insured or secured persons not to affect claims by third
parties, I, p. 296.
151. Duty to give information as to insurance or security where claim made, I, p. 297.
152. Deposits, I, p. 298.
153. Power to require evidence of insurance or security on application for vehicle
excise licence, I, p. 298.
154. 155. 156. Payment for treatment of traffic casualties
Payment for hospital treatment of traffic casualties, I, p. 298 .
Payment for emergency treatment of traffic casualties, I, p. 299.
Supplementary provisions as to payments for treatment, I, p. 300.
cclvi Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
ROAD TRAFFIC ACT -continued
PART VI -Continued
Supplementary
157. 158. Regulations for purposes of Part VI, I, p. 301 .
Interpretation of Part VI, I, p. 302.
PART VII . -MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL
Furnishing of information and production ofdocuments
159. Power of police to stop vehicles, I, p. 302.
160. Weighing of motor vehicles, I, p. 303.
161. Power of constables to require production of driving licences and in certain
cases statement of date of birth, I, p. 304.
162. Power of constables to obtain names and addresses of drivers and others, and
to require production of evidence of insurance or security and test certificates,
I, p. 305.
163. 164. 165. 167. 168. Powers of certifying officers and examiners as respects goods vehicles, I, p. 306.
Penalisation of failure to give name and address, and power of arrest, in case of
dangerous or careless driving or cycling, etc., I, p. 306.
Pedestrian contravening constable's direction to stop to give name and address,
I, p. 307.
166. Duty of driver, in case of accident involving injury to another, to produce
evidence of insurance or security or to report accident, I, p. 307.
Duty of owner of motor vehicle to give information for verifying compliance
with requirement of compulsory insurance or security, I, p. 307.
Duty to give information as to identity of driver, etc. in certain cases, I, p. 308.
Forgery, false statements, etc.
169. 170. 171. 172. 173. 174. Forgery of documents, etc. , I, p. 308.
False statements and withholding material information, I, p. 309.
Issue of false documents, I, p. 310.
Using goods vehicle with unauthorised weights as well as authorised weights
marked thereon, I, p. 310.
Power to seize articles with respect to which offences under ss. 169 to 171 may
have been committed, I, p. 311 .
Personation of , or of person employed by, authorised examiner, I, p. 312.
Offences in Scotland
175. 176. Taking motor vehicle without authority, etc. , I, p. 312.
Penalty for aiding, abetting, etc. commission of offences, I, p. 312.
Prosecution and punishment ofoffences and other
provisions relating to legalproceedings, etc.
177, and schedule 4. Prosecution and punishment of offences, I, pp. 312, 337.
178. Penalty for breach of regulations, I, p. 314.
179. Restrictions on prosecutions for certain offences, I, p. 314.
180, and schedule 4. Time within which summary proceedings for certain offences
must be commenced, I, pp. 315, 337.
181 , and schedule 4. Evidence by certificate, I, pp. 315, 337.
182. Admissibility of records as evidence, I, p. 316.
183, and schedule 4. Proof, in summary proceedings, of identity of driver of vehicle,
I, pp. 317, 337.
184. Jurisdiction of courts of summary jurisdiction in Scotland for certain offences,
I, p. 317.
185. Destination of fines, I, p. 318.
Inquiries
186. General power to hold inquiries, I, p. 318.
187. General provisions as to inquiries, I, p. 318.
Application to the Crown
188. 189. Application to Crown, I, p. 319.
Application of ss . 6 to 11 to persons subject to service discipline, I, p. 321 .
Interpretation
190. Interpretation of expressions relating to motor vehicles and classes thereof ,
I , p. 322.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cclvii
ROAD TRAFFIC ACT-continued
PART VII -continued
191. Articulated vehicles, I, p. 324.
192. Hover vehicles, I, p. 324.
193. Certain vehicles not to be treated as motor vehicles, I, p. 324.
194. Method of calculating weight of motor vehicles and trailers, I, p. 325.
195. Interpretation of statutory references to carriages, I, p. 325.
196. General interpretation provisions, I, p. 325.
197, Effect of certain references to Scottish local authorities, I, p. 327 .
Exclusion ofapplication ofcertain provisions
to tramcars, trolley vehicles and certain other vehicles
198. Exclusion of application of certain provisions to tramcars, trolley vehicles , etc. ,
I, p. 327. Supplementary
199. Exercise of regulation-making powers and Parliamentary control thereover,
I, p. 328.
200. Provision, etc. of weighbridges, I, p. 328 .
201. Provisions as to Thames embankment, I, p. 329.
202. Protection of public interests, I, p. 329.
203, and schedule 7. Consequential and other amendments of other Acts, I, pp. 329,
360.
204 , and schedule 8. Transitory modifications of this Act, I, pp. 330, 364.
205, and schedules 9, 10. General repeals, revocations, savings and transitional
provisions, I, pp. 330, 365, 370.
206. Saving for s. 38 of Interpretation Act 1889, I, p. 330.
207. Saving for law of nuisance, I, p. 330.
208. Commencement, I, p. 331 .
209. Short title and extent, I, p. 331 .
Schedule 1. Supplementary provisions in connection with proceedings for offences
under section 33, I, p. 332.
Schedule 2. Travelling, etc. allowances for attendance at road safety conferences,
Schedule 3. I, p. 335.
Deferred tests of condition of vehicles, I, p. 335.
Schedule 4.
Schedule 5. Transitional provisions relating to licences to drive heavy goods vehicles ,
Prosecution and punishment of offences , I, p. 337.
I, p. 358.
Schedule 6. Appeals under section 132 against decisions of Registrar, I, p. 359.
Schedule 7. Consequential amendments of other Acts, I, p. 360.
Schedule 8. Transitory modifications of this Act, I, p. 364.
Schedule 9. Repeals and revocations, I, p. 365.
Schedule 10. Savings and transitional provisions, I, p. 370.
ROAD TRAFFIC (FOREIGN VEHICLES) ACT: с. 27 I , p. 447
§ 1, and schedules 1, 2. Power in certain cases to prohibit driving of foreign vehicle,
I , pp. 447, 456.
2. Provisions supplementary to s. 1 , I, p. 448.
3. Enforcement provisions, I, p. 449.
4. Production of certain documents, I, p. 451 .
5. Application of Road Traffic Act 1972, s. 160, to vehicles on harbour land,
I, p. 452.
6. Powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland, I, p. 453.
7. Interpretation and transitional provisions, I, p. 453.
8. Short title, commencement and extent, I, p. 455.
Schedule 1. Enactments conferring functions on examiners, I, p. 456.
Schedule 2. Provisions relating to vehicles and their drivers, I, p. 456.
S
SALE OF GOODS.
Poisons (c. 66, ss. 3-5 )... ...
Trade descriptions ( c. 34 ) ...
Unroadworthy vehicles ( c. 20, s. 60)
..
...
III, p. 1902
I, p. 523
I, p. 233
cclviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
SALMON AND FRESHWATER FISHERIES ACT: c. 37...
... ... I, p. 534
§ 1. Prohibition of fishing with certain implements , I, p. 534.
2. Provisional approval of fish passes, I, p. 535.
3.
Close season and close time for salmon and brown or migratory trout, I, p. 535.
4. Close season for freshwater fish and rainbow trout, I, p. 536.
5. Miscellaneous amendments as to byelaws, I , p. 537.
6, and schedule 1. Licences to fish , I, pp. 538, 546.
7. Limitation of licences, I, p. 539.
8. Unlicenced fishing, I, p. 540.
9. Production of licence, I, p. 540.
10. Restriction on the introduction of fish into inland waters, I, p. 541 .
11. Powers of entry, search, seizure and arrest, I, p. 541 .
12, and schedule 2. Provision for trial of offenders and penalties for offences,
I, pp. 542, 548.
13. Supplementary provision as to disqualifications and forfeiture of licences ,
I, p. 543.
14. Supplemental, I, p. 544.
15. Provisions as to border rivers, I, p. 545.
16, and schedule 3. Short title, citation, repeals, transitional provisions and extent,
I, pp. 545, 550.
Schedule 1. Provisions with respect to licences, I, p. 546.
Schedule 2. Prosecution and punishment of offences , I, p. 548.
Part I. Offences under the 1923 Act, I, p. 548.
Part II . Offences under this Act, I, p. 549.
Schedule 3. Repeals, I, p. 550.
Part I. Repeals of the 1923 Act taking effect on the passing of this
Act, I, p. 550.
Part II . Repeals of the 1923 Act taking effect on the coming into
force of byelaws, I, p. 551 .
Part III . Other repeals taking effect on the passing of this Act, I, p. 551 .
SAVINGS BANKS.
Advances to (c. 41 , s. 133)...
National savings ( c. 65, ss. 1-10)
...
...
...
... ...
Treasury payments (c. 65, s. 14 )...
..
I, p. 664
III, p. 1889
III, p. 1895
SEARCH. Powers of , under-
Finance Act ( c. 41 , s. 37, sch. 7 para. 21)
... ...
Land Charges Act (c. 61, ss. 9, 10 )
.. ... ...
Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act ( c. 37, s. 11)
... ...
I, pp. 587, 688
II, p. 1812
I, p. 541
SELECTIVE EMPLOYMENT TAX. Abolition of (c. 41, s. 122, sch. 27 )
I, pp. 658, 771
SERVICE BY POST. Under-
Finance Act ( c. 41 , s. 44, sch. 7 para. 25)... ...
I, pp. 593, 690
Gas Act (c. 60, s. 44 )... ... ... ... ...
II, p. 1752
Local Government Act (c. 70, s. 231)
III, p. 2171
Road Traffic Act (c. 20, ss. 140, 161(6), 179(2)-(4))...
I, pp. 289, 305, 314
Town and Country Planning (Scotland ) Act ( c. 52, s. 269)...
II, p. 1419
SHERIFF COURT (SCOTLAND). Rate of interest in ( c. 59, s. 4 )... II, p. 1716
SIERRA LEONE REPUBLIC ACT: c. 1 ...... ... I, p. 1
§ 1. 2. Operation of existing law, I, p. 1 .
Short title, I, p. 2.
SOCIAL WORK (SCOTLAND) Аст: с. 24... ... ... ... I, p. 387
§ 1. Jurisdiction of children's hearing where child attains age of 16 years after
commencement of hearing, I, p. 387.
2. Citation, I , p. 387.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cclix
SOLICITORS.
Employment of , by Law Society (c. 50, Pt. II )... ... ...
II, p. 1168
Pensions ( c. 11, s. 18 )... ... .. ...
I, p. 69
SOUND BROADCASTING ACT: c. 31
I, p. 477
§ 1. Independent Television Authority to be renamed Independent Broadcasting
Authority, I, p. 477.
2. Provision by Authority of local sound broadcasting services, I, p. 477 .
3. Local advisory committees for local sound broadcasts, I, p. 478.
4. Television and sound broadcasting to be separately financed by Authority,
I , p. 480.
5. Rental payments by sound programme contractors, I, p. 481 .
6. Preservation of independence of broadcasting contractors, I, p. 483.
7. Accumulation of interests in sound programme contracts, I, p. 485.
8. Special provisions as to newspaper shareholdings in relation to local sound
broadcasts , I, p. 486.
9. Provisions supplementary to section 8, I, p. 488.
10. Information as to programme contracts and applications for such contracts,
I, p. 489.
11. Advances to Authority for purposes of local sound broadcasting, and adminis-
trative expenses , I, p. 489 .
12, and schedules 1, 2. Minor and consequential amendments and repeals , I,
pp. 490, 492, 495.
13. Short title, citation, interpretation, extent and commencement, I, p. 490.
Schedule 1. Schedule 2. Minor and consequential amendments of Television Act 1964, I, p. 492.
Enactments repealed, I, p. 495.
SPECIAL PARLIAMENTARY PROCEDURE. Provisions under Local Government
Act (c. 70, s . 181 (7))...
.. ... III, p. 2117
...
SPIRITS.
Compounding and rectifying in warehouse and used for medical purposes
( c. 41, s. 57)... ... I, p. 601
Rates of duty ( c. 41, s. 56, sch. 8) I, pp. 601, 693
SRI LANKA REPUBLIC Аст: с. 55... ... II, p. 1567
§ 1. Operation of existing law, II, p. 1567.
2. Short title, II, p. 1568.
STAMP DUTY. ( See also FINANCE ACT (c. 41, ss. 125, 126 )). Exemption from
under-
Gas Act (c. 60, s. 33)... Housing Finance Act ( c. 47, s. 44(8)) ... Housing (Financial Provisions) ( Scotland) Act ( c. 46, s. 43(14)) National Health Service ( Scotland ) Act (c. 58, s. 59)... II, p. 1743
II, p. 991
I, p. 858
II , p. 1677
SUGAR. See EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES ACт (с. 68, s . 7 ) .
SUMMER TIME ACT: c. 6.. ... ... I, p. 38
§ 1. Advance of time during period of summer time, I, p. 38.
2. Extension of period, and double summer time, I, p. 38 .
3. Interpretation of references, I, p. 39.
4. Northern Ireland, I, p. 39.
5. Channel Islands and Isle of Man, I, p. 39.
6. Short title, commencement, repeals and saving, I, p. 39.
SUNDAY CINEMA ACT : с. 19... ... ...
... ... I, p. 180§ 1. Cinematograph entertainments on Sundays, I, p. 180.
2. Appeals, I, p. 180.
3. Winding- up of Cinematograph Fund, I, p. 181 .
4, and schedule. Repeal, I, pp. 181 , 182.
5. Interpretation, I, p. 181 .
6. Short title, commencement and extent, I, p. 181.
Schedule. Enactments repealed, I, p. 182.
cclx Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
SUNDAY THEATRE ACT : с. 26
...
§ 1. Plays on Sundays, I, p. 445.
2. Restriction on the hours of plays on Sundays, I, p. 445.
3. Enforcement of section 2, I, p. 446.
4. Orders, I, p. 446.
5. Interpretation, I, p. 446.
6. Short title and commencement, I, p. 446.
SUPERANNUATION ACT: с. 11
I, p. 445
I, p. 53
Persons employed in the civil service, etc.
Superannuation schemes as respects civil servants , etc, I, pp. 53,
§ 1. and schedule 1.
80.
2, and schedule 2.
Further provisions relating to schemes under s. 1 , I, pp. 55, 81 .
3. Recovery in certain circumstances of payments by way of injury allowances, I,
p. 57.
4. Payments due to deceased persons, I, p. 58.
5. Benefits under civil service superannuation schemes not assignable, I, p. 58 .
6. Power to repeal or amend Acts, etc, I, p. 59.
Persons employed in local government service, etc.
7 , and schedule 3. Superannuation of persons employed in local government
service, etc, I, pp . 59, 82.
8. Local Act schemes, I, p. 60.
Teachers
9, and schedule 3. Superannuation of teachers, I, pp. 61 , 82.
Persons engaged in health services, etc.
10, and schedule 3. Superannuation of persons engaged in health services, etc, I,
pp. 62, 82.
Provisions ancillary to sections 7 to 10
11. 12. Statement of case by Secretary of State, I, p. 63.
Further provision as to regulations, I, p. 63.
Provisions relating to superannuation ofvarious other persons
13. The Comptroller and Auditor General, I, p. 64.
14. Metropolitan civil staffs , I, p. 66.
15. Members of police forces , special constables and police cadets, I, p. 66.
16. Members of fire brigades, I, p. 68.
17. Persons employed by general lighthouse authorities, etc, I, p. 68.
18. Employees of law societies , I, p 69.
19. Members and staff of certain Commissions, I, p. 70.
20. Officers and servants of certain river authorities, I, p. 70.
21. Employees of British Airways Airways Board, British European Airways Corporation,
British Overseas Airways Corporation, etc, I, p. 71 .
22 , and schedule 4. Pension schemes of various statutory bodies: removal of
requirement to obtain Ministerial approval for certain determinations, I,
pp. 73, 84.
23, and schedule 5. Superannuation Acts to continue to apply to certain persons, I,
pp. 74, 84.
Miscellaneous and Supplemental
24 , and schedule 3. Compensation for loss of office, etc, I, pp. 74, 82.
25. Pension increases , I, p. 75.
26. Financial provisions, I, p. 77.
27. Dissolution of Civil Service Committee for Northern Ireland, I, p. 78.
28. Certain enactments relating to superannuation of Forestry Commissioners and to
declarations required from recipients of certain pensions to cease to have
effect, I, p. 78.
29 , and schedules 6, 8. Amendments, savings, transitional provisions and repeals, I,
pp. 78, 85, 107.
30. Short title, construction of references , commencement and extent, I, p. 79.
Schedule 1 .
Kinds of employment referred to in section 1 , I, p. 80.
Schedule 2.
The existing civil service superannuation provisions, I, p. 81 .
Schedule 3 .
Provisions which may be included in certain regulations , I, p. 82.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cclxi
SUPERANUATION ACT-continued
SURTAX. Schedule 4. Schedule 5.
Schedule 6.
Schedule 7. Schedule 8 . Bodies to whom section 22 relates, I, p. 84.
Persons referred to in section 23, I , p. 84.
Consequential and minor amendments, I, p. 85 .
Savings and transitional provisions, I, p. 102.
Repeals, I, p. 107.
See FINANCE ACт (с. 41 , s. 63) .
T
TEACHERS. Superannuation of (c. 11 , s. 9)
I, p. 61
THEATRE. See SUNDAY THEATRE ACT ( c. 26 ) .
TOTALISATOR. See HORSERACE TOTALISATOR AND BETTING LEVY BOARDS ACT
( c. 69 ).
TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (AMENDMENT) ACT: c. 42 I, p. 785
Amendments ofenactments relating to development plans in England and Wales
§ 1. Provision for joint surveys, reports and structure plans, I, p. 785.
2. Provision for withdrawal of structure plans, and as to effect of steps taken in
connection with plans withdrawn or not submitted, I, p. 788 .
3. Amendment of provisions relating to approval of structure plans and local
plans etc, by Secretary of State , I, p. 789 .
4 , and schedule 1. Amendments as respects planning for London, I, pp. 791, 798.
Amendments as respects control ofoffice development in England and Wales
5. Continuance in force of provisions relating to control of office development, I,
p. 792.
6. Effect on conditional planning permission of land ceasing to be within controlled
area, I, p. 792.
7. Service of building preservation notices
Service of building preservation notices in cases of urgency, I, p. 793.
Conservation areas
8, and schedule 2. Control of demolition in conservation areas in England and
Wales , I, pp. 793, 806.
9, and schedule 3. Control of demolition in conservation areas in Scotland, I,
pp. 795, 809.
10. Grants and loans for preservation or enhancement of character or appearance of
conservation areas , I, p. 796.
Supplementary
11. Expenses, I, p. 797.
12. Short title, citation , commencement and extent, I, p. 797.
Schedule 1 . Replacement for Schedule 4 to Act of 1971 , I, p. 798.
Schedule 2. Provisions as to control of demolition in conservation areas in England
and Wales, I, p. 806.
Schedule 3 . Provisions as to control of demolition in conservation areas in Scotland,
I , p. 809.
TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND) ACT: c. 52 II, p. 1179
PART I. -ADMINISTRATION
§ 1 , and schedule 1. Local planning authorities, II, pp. 1179, 1434.
2 , and schedule 2. Joint advisory committees and sub-committees, II, pp. 1180,
1435.
3. Delegation of functions to officers of local authorities, II, p. 1180.
cclxii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART II . -DEVELOPMENT PLANS
Survey and structure plan
4. Survey of planning districts, II, p. 1182.
5. Preparation of structure plans, II, p. 1183 .
6. Publicity in connection with preparation of structure plans, II, p. 1184.
7. Approval or rejection of structure plan by Secretary of State, II, p. 1186.
8. Alteration of structure plans, II, p. 1186.
Localplans
9. Preparation of local plans , II, p. 1189.
10. Publicity in connection with preparation of local plans , II, p. 1188.
11. Inquiries, etc. with respect to local plans, II, p. 1189.
12. Adoption and approval of local plans, II, p. 1190.
13. Alteration of local plans, II, p. 1190.
Supplementary provisions
14. Disregarding of representations with respect to development authorised by or
under other enactments, II, p. 1191 .
15. Default powers of Secretary of State, II, p. 1191 .
16. Supplementary provisions as to structure and local plans, II, p. 1192.
17. Meaning of " development plan ", II, p. 1194.
18 , and schedules 3-5. Commencement ofPart II and interim provisions, II, pp. 1195,
1437-1444.
PART III.-GENERAL PLANNING CONTROL
Meaning ofdevelopment and requirement ofplanning permission
19, and schedule 6. Meaning of " development " and new development ", II,
"
pp. 1196, 1445.
20. Development requiring planning permission, II, p. 1197.
Development orders
21. Development orders, II, p. 1198.
Applications for planning permission
22. Form and content of applications, II, p. 1200.
23. Publication of notices of applications, II, p. 1200 .
24. Notification of applications to owners and agricultural tenants, II, p. 1201 .
25. Publicity for applications affecting conservation areas, II, p. 1203.
Determination by local planning authorities
ofapplications for planning permission
26. Determination of applications, II, p. 1204.
27. Conditional grant of planning permission , II, p. 1205.
28. Directions etc. as to method of dealing with applications, II, p. 1206.
29. Permission to retain buildings or works or continue use of lan
30. Provisions as to effect of planning permission, II, p. 1208. land, II, p. 1207.
31. Information regarding, and registers of , applications and decisions, II, p. 1208.
Secretary of State's powers in relation to planning applications and decisions
32. Reference of applications to Secretary of State, II, p. 1209 .
33, and schedule 7. Appeals against planning decisions, II, pp. 1209, 1448.
34. Appeal in default of planning decision, II, p. 1211 .
35. Review ofplanning decisions where compensation claimed, II, p. 1211 .
36. Provisions supplementary to s. 35, II, p. 1212.
Deemed planning permission
37. Development by local authorities and statutory undertakers with sanction of
government department, II , p. 1213.
Duration ofplanning permission
38. Limit of duration of planning permission, II, p. 1213.
39. Outline planning permission, II, p. 1214.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cclxiii
TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND ) ACT -continued
PART III-continued
40. Provisions supplementary to ss . 38 and 39, II, p. 1215.
41. Termination of planning permission by reference to time limit, II , p. 1217.
Revocation or modification ofplanning permission
42. Power to revoke or modify planning permission, II, p. 1218.
43. Unopposed revocation or modification, II, p. 1219.
Reference of certain matters to Planning Inquiry Commission
or independent tribunal
44. Constitution of Planning Inquiry Commission, II, p. 1220.
45 , and schedule 8. References to a Planning Inquiry Commission, II, pp. 1220, 1452.
46. Procedure on reference to a Planning Inquiry Commission, II, p. 1222.
47, and schedule 9. Commissions to inquire into planning matters affecting Scotland
and England, II, pp. 1223, 1453.
48. Appeal to independent tribunal, II, p. 1224.
Additional powers ofcontrol
49. Orders requiring discontinuance of use or alteration or removal of buildings or
works, II, p. 1225 .
50. Agreements regulating development or use of land, II, p. 1226.
Determination whether planning permission required
51. Applications to determine whether planning permission required, II, p. 1227.
PART IV. ADDITIONAL CONTROL IN SPECIAL CASES
Buildings of special architectural or historic interest
52. List of buildings of special architectural or historic interest, II, p. 1228 .
53. Control of works for demolition, alteration or extension of listed buildings,
II, p. 1229.
54, and schedule 10. Provisions supplementary to s. 53, II, pp. 1231 , 1457.
55. Acts causing or likely to result in damage to listed buildings, II, p. 1332.
56, and schedule 10. Building preservation notice in respect of building not listed ,
II, pp . 1233, 1457.
Trees
57. Planning permission to include appropriate provision for preservation and
planting of trees, II , p. 1234.
58, and schedule 11. Tree preservation orders, II, pp. 1234, 1462.
59, and schedule 11. Provisional tree preservation orders, II, pp. 1237, 1462.
60. Replacement of trees, II, p. 1237.
Advertisements
61. Control of advertisements, II, p. 1238 .
62. Application for planning permission not needed for advertisements complying
with regulations, II, p. 1239.
Waste land
63. Proper maintenance of waste land, II, p. 1240.
Industrial development
64. Meaning of " industrial building ", II, p. 1240.
65. Industrial development certificates , II, p. 1241 .
66. Exemption of certain classes of development, II, p. 1242.
67. Power to vary exemption limit as to industrial floor space, II, p. 1244.
68. Restrictions or conditions attached to certificates, II, p. 1244 .
69. Provisions as to conditions imposed under s. 68, II , p. 1246.
70. Provision for cases where certificate withheld, II, p. 1246.
Office development
71. Meaning of " office premises " , II, p. 1247.
72. Office development permits, II, p. 1248.
73. Exemption by reference to office floor space, II, p. 1249.
cclxiv Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART IV -continued
74. Mixed industrial and office development, II, p. 1251 .
75. Restrictions or conditions attached to office development permits , II, p. 1251 .
76. Planning permission for erection of building where no office development permit
required, II , p. 1252.
77. Planning permission for alteration or extension of building where no office
development permit required, II , p . 1253 .
78. Planning permission for erection of two or more buildings where no office
development permit required, II, p. 1254.
79. Provisions supplementary to ss. 76 to 78, II , p . 1255 .
80. Provisions as to conditions imposed or implied in pursuance of these provisions,
II, p. 1256.
81. Annual report, II, p. 1257 .
82. Interpretation of these provisions, II, p. 1258 .
83. Temporary operation of these provisions, II, p. 1259.
PART V. ENFORCEMENT OF CONTROL UNDER PARTS III AND IV
Development requiring planning permission
84. Power to serve enforcement notice, II , p. 1259 .
85, and schedule 7. Appeal against enforcement notice, II, pp. 1261, 1448.
86. Penalties for non-compliance with enforcement notice, II, p. 1263.
87. Power to stop further development pending proceedings on enforcement notice,
II, p. 1264.
88. Execution and cost of works required by enforcement notice, II, p. 1265.
89. Enforcement notice to have effect against subsequent development, II, p. 1266.
90, and schedule 12. Certification of established use, II , pp. 1267, 1463.
91, and schedule 7. Grant of certificate by Secretary of State on referred application
or appeal against refusal, II, pp. 1268, 1448.
Listed Buildings
92. Power to serve listed building enforcement notice, II, p. 1269.
93, and schedule 7. Appeal against listed building enforcement notice, II, pp. 1270,
1448.
94. 95. 96. 97. Penalties for non-compliance with listed building enforcement notice, II, p. 1272.
Execution and cost of works required by listed building enforcement notice, II,
p. 1273.
Enforcement by, or by direction of, the Secretary of State, II, p. 1273.
Works for preservation of unoccupied listed building in cases of urgency, II,
p. 1273 .
Trees
98. Penalties for non-compliance with tree preservation order, II, p. 1274.
99, and schedule 7. Enforcement of duties as to replacement of trees, II , pp. 1274,
1448.
Other controls
100. 101. Enforcement of orders under s. 49, II. p. 1275.
Enforcement of control as to advertisements, II, p. 1275.
PART VI . -ACQUISITION AND APPROPRIATION OF LAND AND RELATED PROVISIONS
Acquisition and appropriation ofland
102. Compulsory acquisition of land in connection with development and for other
planning purposes, II, p. 1276.
103. Compulsory acquisition of land by Secretary of State for the Environment, II,
p. 1277.
104. Compulsory acquisition of listed building in need of repair, II, p. 1278.
105. Repairs notice as preliminary to compulsory acquisition under s. 104, II, p.1279.
106. Compensation on compulsory acquisition of listed building, II , p. 1279.
107. Minimum compensation in case of listed building deliberately left derelict, II,
p. 1280.
108. Extinguishment of rights over land compulsorily acquired, II, p. 1281 .
109. Acquisition of land by agreement, II, p. 1282.
110. Acquisition of land for purposes of exchange, II, p. 1282.
111. Appropriation of land forming part of common or open space, II, p. 1282.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cclxv
TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART VI -continued
Powers exerciseable in relation to land heldfor planning purposes, and other related powers
112. Appropriation of land held for planning purposes, II , p. 1283.
113. Disposal of land held for planning purposes, II, p. 1284.
114. Development of land held for planning purposes, II, p. 1286.
115. Special provisions as to features and buildings of architectural and historic
interest, II, p. 1287.
116. Management etc. of listed buildings acquired by local planning authority or
Secretary of State, II, p. 1288.
117. 118. Power to override servitudes and other rights, II, p. 1288.
Provisions as to churches and burial grounds, II , p. 1289 .
119. Use and development of land for open spaces, II , p. 1290.
120. Displacement of persons from land acquired or appropriated, II, p. 1291 .
Supplementary provisions
121. Modification of incorporated enactments for purposes of Part VI, II , p. 1292 .
122. Interpretation of Part VI, II, p. 1294.
PART VII . -COMPENSATION FOR PLANNING DECISIONS RESTRICTING NEW DEVELOPMENT
Unexpended balance ofestablished development value
123. Scope of Part VII, II, p. 1294.
124. Derivation of unexpended balance from claims under Part V of Act of 1947, II,
p. 1294.
125. Original unexpended balance of established development value, II, p. 1296.
126. Claim holdings, their areas and values, II, p. 1296.
127, and schedule 13. Adjustment of claim holdings, II, pp. 1297, 1465 .
128. General provision for continuance of original unexpended balance, II, pp. 1298 .
129. Reduction or extinguishment of balance in consequence of compensation, II,
p. 1298.
130, and schedule 14. Reduction or extinguishment of balance on initiation of new
development, II. pp. 1298, 1474.
131, and schedule 15. Reduction or extinguishment of balance on acquisition of land
under compulsory powers, II, pp. 1299, 1475.
132. Reduction or extinguishment of balance in consequence of severance or injurious
affection , II , p. 1301 .
133. 134. Supplementary provisions as to deductions from original balance, II , p. 1303 .
Provision of information relating to unexpended balance, II, p. 1304.
Right to compensation
135. 136. 137. 138. 139. 140. General provision as to right to compensation, II, p. 1306.
Planning decisions not ranking for compensation, II , p. 1306.
No compensation if certain other development permitted, II, p. 1308.
Further exclusions from compensation, II, p. 1308.
Grant of planning permission treated as subject to notional condition, II, p. 1310.
Notice under s. 70 treated as planning decision, II , p. 1310.
Measure of compensation
141. General provisions as to amount of compensation, II, p. 1310.
142. Assessment of depreciation, II , p. 1312.
Claimsfor, and payment of , compensation
143. General provisions as to claims for compensation, II, p. 1313.
144. Effect on claims of direction under s. 35, II , p. 1314.
145. Determination of claims , II, p. 1315.
146. Payment of compensation, II, p. 1316.
Subsequent recovery ofcompensation
147. 148. 149. 150. Apportionment of, and recording of notice relating to, compensation, II, p. 1316.
Recovery of compensation on subsequent development, II, p. 1317.
Amount recoverable, and provisions for payment or remission thereof, II, p. 1318.
Amount recovered not to be deducted from unexpended balance, II, p. 1319 .
Supplementary provisions
151. 152. Provision for diversion of payments, II, p. 1320.
Calculation of value, II. p. 1320.
cclxvi Index to the Public General Acts
andMeasures
TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART VIII . COMPENSATION FOR OTHER PLANNING RESTRICTIONS
Revocation or modification ofplanning permission
153, and schedule 6. Compensation where planning permission revoked or modified,
II, pp. 1321 , 1445.
154. 155. 156. 157. Application of s. 153 to special cases of refusal or conditional grant of planning
permission, II, p. 1322.
Recording and apportionment of compensation for depreciation, II, p. 1322
Contribution by Secretary of State towards compensation in certain cases, II,
p. 1323.
Recovery, on subsequent development, of compensation under s. 153, II, p. 1325.
Other restrictions
158, and schedules 6, 16. Compensation for planning decisions restricting develop-
ment other than new development, II, pp. 132 1326, 1445, 1477.
159. Compensation in respect of orders under s. 49, II, p. 1327.
160. Compensation for refusal of consent to alteration, etc. of listed building, II,
p. 1328.
161. Compensation where listed building consent revoked or modified, II, p. 1328.
162. Compensation for loss or damage caused by service of building preservation
notice , II , p. 1329 .
163. Compensation in respect of tree preservation orders, II, p. 1330.
164. Compensation in respect of requirement as to replanting of trees, II, p. 1330.
165. Compensation for restrictions on advertising, II, p. 1331 .
166. Compensation for loss due to stop notice, II, p. 1331 .
Supplementary provisions
167. General provisions as to compensation for depreciation under Part VIII, II,
p. 1332.
168. Determination of claims for compensation, II, p. 1333.
PART IX. -PROVISIONS ENABLING OWNER OR LESSEE TO REQUIRE PURCHASE OF HIS INTEREST
Interests affected by planning decisions and orders
169, and schedules 6, 16. Purchase notice on refusal or conditional grant ofplanning
permission, II, pp. 1333, 1445, 1477.
170. Action by local planning authority on whom purchase notice is served, II, p. 1335.
171. Procedure on reference of purchase notice to Secretary of State, II, р. 1336.
172. Action by Secretary of State in relation to purchase notice, II, p. 1336 .
173. Power to refuse to confirm purchase notice where land has restricted use by virtue
of previous planning permission, II, p. 1337.
174. Power to refuse to confirm purchase notice in respect of office premises, II, p. 1338.
175. Effect of Secretary of State's action in relation to purchase notice, II, p. 1339.
176. Special provisions as to compensation where purchase notice served, II, p. 1340.
177. Purchase notice in respect of order revoking or modifying planning permission,
ІІ, р. 1341 .
178. Purchase notice in respect of order requiring discontinuance of use or alteration
or removal of buildings or works, II, p. 1342.
179, and schedule 17. Purchase notice on refusal or conditional grant of listed
building consent, II, pp. 1344, 1478.
180. Purchase notices in other cases, II, p. 1345.
Interests ofowner-occupiers affected by planning proposals
181. Scope of these provisions, II, p. 1345.
182. Power to serve blight notice, II, p. 1347.
183. Objection to blight notice, II, p. 1348.
184. Reference of objection to Lands Tribunal, II, p. 1350.
185. Effect of valid blight notice, II, p. 1351 .
186. Compensation for compulsory purchase of historic buildings and of land in
clearance areas, II, p. 1352.
187. Withdrawal of blight notice, II, p. 1352.
188. Effect on powers of compulsory acquisition of counter-notice disclaiming
intention to acquire, II, p. 1353.
189. Death of claimant after service of blight notice, II, p. 1354.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
cclxvii
TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART IX-continued
190. Power of heritable creditor to serve blight notice, II, p. 1354.
191. Saving for claimant's right to sell whole hereditament, etc., II, p. 1356.
192. Meaning of " owner-occupier " and " resident owner-occupier ", II, p. 1356.
193. Special provisions as to partnerships, II, p. 1358.
194. "
Appropriate authority " for purposes of these provisions, II, p. 1358.
195. "
Appropriate enactment " for purposes of these provisions, II, p. 1359.
196. General interpretation of these provisions, II , p. 1360.
Supplementary provisions
197. No withdrawal of constructive notice to treat, II, p. 1362.
PART X. -HIGHWAYS
Stopping up and diversion ofhighways
198. Highways affected by development : orders by Secretary of State, II, p. 1362.
199. Footpaths and bridleways affected by development : orders by local planning
authorities , II, р. 1363 .
200. Highways crossing or entering route of proposed new highway, etc., II, p. 1364.
Conversion ofhighway into footpath or bridleway
201. 202. Order extinguishing right to use vehicles on highways, II, p. 1364.
Provision of amenity for highway reserved to pedestrians , II, p. 1366.
Extinguishment ofrights ofway
203. Extinguishment of public rights of way over land held for planning purposes,
II, p. 1367.
Procedure for making and confirming orders
204. Procedure for making of orders by Secretary of State, II, p. 1367.
205. Procedure in anticipation of planning permission, etc. , II, p. 1369.
206, and schedule 18. 1481 .
Confirmation of orders made by other authorities, II, pp. 1370,
Supplementary provisions
207. Compulsory acquisition of land in connection with highways, II , p. 1370.
208. Concurrent proceedings in connection with highways, II, p. 1371 .
209. Provisions as to telegraphic lines, II, p. 1371 .
210. Application of s. 32 of Mineral Workings Act 1951 to orders under Part X,
II, p. 1373.
PART XI.-STATUTORY UNDERTAKERS
Preliminary
211. Meaning of " operational land " , II, p. 1373 .
212. Cases in which land is to be treated as not being operational land, II, p. 1374.
213. Meaning of" the appropriate Minister " , II, p. 1375.
General provisions
214. Applications for planning permission by statutory undertakers, II, p. 1375.
215. Development requiring sanction of government department, II, p. 1376.
216. Revocation or modification of permission to develop operational land, II, p. 1377
217. Order requiring discontinuance of use etc. of operational land, II, p. 1377 .
218. Acquisition of land of statutory undertakers, II, p. 1377.
219. Extinguishment of rights of way, and rights as to apparatus, of statutory under-
takers , II, p. 1377.
220. Orders under s . 219, II, p. 1379.
221. Notice for same purposes as s . 219 but given by statutory undertakers to develop-
ing authority, II, p. 1379 .
222. Extension or modification of functions of statutory undertakers, II, p. 1380.
223. Procedure in relation to orders under s . 222, II , p. 1382.
224. Relief of statutory undertakers from obligations rendered impracticable,
II, р. 1382.
225. Objections to orders under ss. 222 and 224, II, p. 1383.
cclxviii Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART XI-Continued
Compensation
226. Right to compensation in respect of certain decisions and orders, II, p. 1385.
227. Measure of compensation to statutory undertakers, II, p. 1386.
228. Exclusion of s . 227 at option of statutory undertakers, II, p. 1388.
229. Procedure for assessing compensation where s. 227 applies, II, p. 1389.
Supplementary provisions
230. Special provisions as to display of advertisements on operational land, II, p. 1389.
PART XII.-VALIDITY OF PLANNING INSTRUMENTS AND
DECISIONS AND PROCEEDINGS RELATING THERETO
231. Validity of development plans and certain orders, decisions and directions,
II, р. 1390.
232. Proceedings for questioning validity of structure plans, etc. , II, p. 1391 .
233. Proceedings for questioning validity of other orders, decisions and directions,
II, p. 1392.
234. Appeals to Court of Session against decisions under s. 51, II, p. 1394 .
235. Special provisions as to decisions relating to statutory undertakers, II, p. 1395.
236. Special provisions as to orders subject to special parliamentary procedure,
II, p. 1395.
PART XIII . -FINANCIAL PROVISIONS
Grantsfor development etc.
237. Grants for development, etc., II, p. 1396 .
238. Maximum amount of grants under s. 237, II, p. 1397.
239. Supplementary provisions as to grants under s. 237, II, p. 1398.
Grantsfor research and education
240. Grants for research and education, II, p. 1399.
Contributions to certain expenditure
241. Contributions by Ministers towards compensation paid by local authorities,
ІП, р. 1399.
242. Contributions by local authorities and statutory undertakers, II, p. 1399.
243. Assistance for acquisition of property where objection made to blight notice in
certain cases, II, p. 1400.
Recovery ofcompensation etc.
244. Recovery from acquiring authorities of sums paid by way of compensation,
II , р. 1400.
245. Recovery from acquiring authorities of sums paid in respect of war-damaged
land, II , p. 1401 .
246. Sums recoverable from acquiring authorities reckonable for purposes of grant,
II, p. 1402.
Expenses and receipts ofSecretary ofState
247. Expenses of government departments, II, p. 1402.
248. Payments under s . 56 of Act of 1947 and Parts I and V of Act of 1954, II, p. 1403.
249. General provision as to receipts of Secretary of State, II, p. 1404.
250, and schedule 19. 1484 .
Expenses of local authorities
Expenses of, and borrowing by, local authorities, II, pp. 1404,
PART XIV. -APPLICATION OF ACT TO SPECIAL CASES
Minerals
251, and schedule 19. Power to modify Act in relation to minerals, II, pp. 1404 , 1484 .
2:52. Modification of Mines (Working Facilities and Support ) Act 1966, II, р. 1405.
Index to the Public General Acts and Measures
TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND) ACT -continued
PART XIV -continued
cclxix
Crown land
253. 254. 255. Exercise of powers in relation to Crown land, II, p. 1406.
Agreements relating to Crown land, II, p. 1407.
Supplementary provisions as to Crown interest, II, p. 1408.
Local planning authorities
256 , and schedule 19. Application to local planning authorities of provisions as to
planning control and enforcement, II, pp. 1408, 1484.
257, and schedule 19. Application to local planning authorities of provisions as to
listed buildings , II, pp. 1409, 1484.
258. Special provisions as to statutory undertakers who are local planning authorities,
II, p. 1409.
Special case
259, and schedule 19. National Coal Board, II, pp. 1409, 1484.
PART XV. -MISCELLANEOUS AND SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS
260. Default powers of Secretary of State, II, p. 1410.
261. Power to transfer planning functions of town councils of small burghs to county
councils , II, p. 1412.
262. Designation of conservation areas, II, p. 1412.
263, and schedules 6, 16. Assumptions as to planning permission in determining
value of interests in land, II, pp. 1413, 1445, 1477 .
264. Recovery, on subsequent development, of payments in respect of war-damaged
land, II, p. 1413 .
265. Rights of entry, II, p. 1414.
266. Supplementary provisions as to rights of entry, II, p. 1416.
267. Local inquiries, II, p. 1417.
268. Inquiries under Private Legislation Procedure ( Scotland) Act 1936, II, p. 1418 .
269. Service of notices , II, p. 1419 .
270. Power to require information as to interests in land, II, p. 1420.
271. Offences by corporations, II, p. 1420.
272. Combined applications , II , p. 1421 .
273, and schedule 20. Regulations and orders, II, pp. 1421, 1488.
274. Act not excluded by special enactments, II, p. 1423.
275. Interpretation, II, p. 1423.
276, and schedule 21. Consequential amendments , II, pp. 1430, 1488.
277, and schedules 22, 23. Transitional provisions , savings and repeals, II, pp. 1431,
1502, 1526.
278, and schedule 24. General vesting declarations , II , pp. 1431, 1529 .
279, and schedule 7. Commencement of certain provisions, II, pp. 1431, 1448.
280. Commencement, II, p. 1432.
281. Citations and extent, II, p. 1433 .
Schedule 1. Combination of authorities, II, p. 1434.
Schedule 2. Joint advisory committees and sub-committees, II, p. 1435.
Schedule 3. Development plans: Provisions in force until superseded by Part II of
this Act, II , p. 1437 .
Schedule 4. Development plans: Modifications of this Act pending repeal of
Schedule 3 , II, p. 1442.
Schedule 5. Development plans: transition from Schedule 3 to Part II of this Act,
II, p. 1444.
Schedule 6. Development not constituting new development, II, p. 1445.
Schedule 7. Determination of certain appeals by person appointed by Secretary of
State, II, p. 1448.
Schedule 8. Construction of references in ss. 45 and 46to the " responsible Minister
or Ministers ", II, p. 1452.
Schedule 9 .
Schedule 10. Joint Planning Inquiry Commissions, II, p. 1453 .
Control of works for demolition, alteration or extension of listed
buildings , II, p. 1457.
Schedlue 11 . Tree Preservation Orders : Modifications of this Act pending coming
into operation of sections 58(5) and 59(1 ) to (3), II, p. 1462.
Schedule 12. Provisions as to established use certificates, II, p. 1463.
cclxx Index to the Public General Acts
and Measures
TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND) ACT-continued
Schedule 13 . Adjustments of claim holdings, II, p. 1465.
Schedule 14.
Schedule 15. Calculation of value of previous development of land, II, p. 1474.
Apportionment of unexpended balance of established development
value, II , p. 1475.
Schedule 16.
Schedule 17. Proceedings on listed building purchase notice, II, p. 1478.
Condition treated as applicable to rebuilding and alterations, II, p. 1477.
Schedule 18. Procedure in connection with orders relating to footpaths and bridle-
ways, II , p. 1481 .
Schedule 19. Provisions of this Act referred to in ss. 250, 251, 256, 257 and 259 and
paragraphs 70 and 71 of Schedule 22, II, p. 1484.
Schedule 20. Enactments exempted from s . 273( 6 ) of this act, II, p. 1488.
Schedlue 21 . Consequential amendments, II, p. 1488.
Schedule 22. Transitional provisions and savings, II , p. 1502.
Schedule 23. Repeals, II, p. 1526.
Schedule 24. General vesting declarations, II , p. 1529.
TRADE DESCRIPTIONS Aст: с. 34... ... ...
...
I, p. 523
§ 1. Indication of origin on certain imported goods, I, p. 523.
2. Defences, I, p. 524.
3. Application of Trade Descriptions Act 1968, I, p. 525 .
4. Citation, commencement and extent, I, p. 525.
TRADE UNIONS. See FINANCE ACT (c. 41 , s. 123) .
TRADING REPRESENTATIONS (DISABLED PERSONS) AMENDMENT Aст: с. 45 І, р. 819
§ 1 , and schedule. Amendment of section 1 of Trading Representations ( Disabled
Persons) Act 1958, I, pp. 819, 821 .
2. Repeals, I, p. 820.
3. Short title and commencement, I, p . 820.
Schedule. Section 1 of the principal Act as amended, I, p. 821 .
TRADING STAMPS. Value added tax provisions (c. 41, s. 29)
TRANSPORT (GRANTS) ACT: с. 15... .. ..
... I, p. 580
I, p. 123
§ 1. Grants to British Railways Board and National Bus Company, I, p. 123.
2. Contributions by Secretary of State towards expenditure intended to promote
employment, I, p. 123.
3. Short title, I, p. 124.
TRANSPORT HOLDING COMPANY Aст: с. 14
...
... ... I, p. 117
§ 1. Disposal of assets by, dissolution of and grants to the Transport Holding
Companyetc., I, p. 117.
2. Pensions, and compensation for loss of employment etc., I, p. 118.
3. Short title and extent, I, p. 122.
TROUT. See SALMON AND FRESHWATER FISHERIES ACT (с. 37).
TRUSTEE SAVINGS BANKS. Advances to ( c. 41 , s. 133 )... ... I, p. 664
U
UNIT TRUSTS. See FINANCE ACT ( c. 41, Pt. VI) .
---
V
VALUE ADDED TAX. See FINANCE ACT (с. 41, Pt. I, sch. 1-6 ) .
W
WAR DAMAGE. See TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (SCOTLAND) ACT (с. 52, ss. 245, 264).
STATUTORY PUBLICATIONS OFFICE
Selected Publications
Annotations to Acts
Instructions for noting up those Acts which were affected by the year's legislation, direct or delegated. Substituted provisions are printed on adhesive slips, and the annotations can be carried out by a junior clerk on any set of statutes within a few weeks.
£8 approx.
Chronological Table of the Statutes
A chronological list of all the Public General Acts from 1235 onwards, showing as to those totally repealed, the enactments by which they were repealed and, as to those still in operation, the effect of all subsequent legislation on them, section by section.
With the aid of this annual publication a practitioner can tell instantly the present position of any enactment to which he has been referred.
£8.50 approx.
A free list of Statutory Publications Office titles is obtainable from
Her Majesty's Stationery Office, P6A(ZPGI), Atlantic House,
Holborn Viaduct, London ECIP IBN
Government publications can be bought from the Government Bookshops in London (Post Orders to P.O. Box 569, SE1 9NH) , Edinburgh, Cardiff, Belfast, Manchester, Birmingham and Bristol, or through booksellers
HMSO BOOKS
STATUTORY PUBLICATIONS OFFICE
THE INDEX TO
THE STATUTES IN FORCE
These two volumes (A-K, L-Z) index by subject-matter all the existing public general statute law under well-established headings linked by numerous cross-references. The index entries have against them references to the enactment or enactments which support the subject matter.
Since the references are to enactments (and not to pages of any book), the usefulness of the volumes is not limited to any particular set of statutes.
There is a chronological table showing the headings under which each Act or section is indexed in volumes, and a similar table for Church Assembly Measures.
The INDEX provides a service which is of the utmost value and which for its adaptability is unique.
£17.20 (by post £17.57)
A free list of Statutory Publications Office titles is obtainable from
Her Majesty's Stationery Office, P6A(ZPGI), Atlantic House,
Holborn Viaduct, London ECIP IBN
Government publications can be bought from the Government Bookshops in London (Post Orders to P.O. Box 569, SE1 9NH) , Edinburgh, Cardiff, Belfast, Manchester, Birmingham and Bristol, or through booksellers
HMSO BOOKS
