THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

and the

Church Assembly Measures

of

1945

Being those which received the Royal Assent

in the

Eighth, Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His Majesty

King George The Sixth

In the Tenth Session of the Thirty-Seventh and the First Session of the Thirty-Eighth Parliaments of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

with

Tables of the Short Titles and of The Effect of Legislation and an Index

LONDON

Printed by Sir Norhan Gibb Scorgie, C.V.O., C.B.E., Controller of His Majesty’s Stationery Office and

King's Printer of Acts of Parliament

To be purchased directly from H.M. STATIONERY OFFICE at the following addresses: York House, Kings way, London. W.C.2- 13a Castle Street, Edinburgh 2;

39-41 King Street, Manchester 2; 1 St. Andrew's Crescent, Cardin;

80 Chichester Street, Belfast; or through any bookseller

1946

Pried tyt. tut

CONTENTS

Page

Table I.—Chronological List of Short Titles of the Public General Acts of 1945 - c

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1945—

8 & 9 Geo. 6, cc. 4 1

9 & 10 Geo. 6, cc. 1-21 725

Table II.—Chronological List of Short Titles of the Church

Assembly Measures of 1945 - i

THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES OF 1945—

8 & 9 Geo. 6, Nos. 2 and 3 ii

Table III.—Effect of Legislation xvii

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly

Measures of 1945 xxxix

TuU, (jnrh .

Sr"fi-oi*uc c

1

lO b{o

TABLE I.

A CHRONOLOGICAL LIST OF THE SHORT

TITLES OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

OF 1945

Chapter of

8 & 9 Geo. 6.* Page

4 The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1945 1

5 The Representation of the People Act, 1945 2

6 The Nurses Act, 1945 53

7 The India (Estate Duty) Act, 1945 54

8 The Road Transport Lighting (Cycles) Act, 1945 55

9 The Export Guarantees Act, 1945 57

10 The Compensation of Displaced Officers (War Service) Act,

1945 61

11 The Police (His Majesty’s Inspectors of Constabulary) Act,

1945 73

12 The Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1945 75

13 The Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1945 83

14 The Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1945 84

15 The Licensing Planning (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945 102

16 The Limitation (Enemies and War Prisoners) Act, 1945 ... m

17 The Wages Councils Act, 1945 115

18 The Local Authorites Loans Act, 1945 145

19 The Ministry of Fuel and Power Act, 1945 151

20 The Colonial Development and Welfare Act, 1945 156

21 The Ministry of Civil Aviation Act, 1945 158

22 The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1945 163

23 The National Loans Act, 1945 165

24 The Finance Act, 1945 167

25 The Appropriation Act, 1945 172

26 The Camps Act, 1945 218

27 The Welsh Church (Burial Grounds) Act, 1945 218

28 The Law Reform (Contributory Negligence) Act, 1945 ... 221

29 The Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) (Scotland) Act, 1945 225

30 The Government of Burma (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945 238

• The following chapters of the session 8 & 9 Geo. 6 were printed in the volume of Public General Acts of 1944:—

j. The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1944 (Session 2) (p. 513).

2. The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1944 (p. 514).

3. The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1944 (P. 5*7)-

d Chronological List. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Chapter of

8 & 9 Geo. 6. Page

31 The Emergency Powers (Defei .e) Act, 1945 239

32 The Income Tax Act, 1945 240

33 The Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945 ... 307

34 The Hydro-Electric Undertakings (Valuation for Rating)

(Scotland) Act, 1945 409

35 The Forestry Act, 1945 413

36 The Distribution of Industry Act, 1945 425

37 The Education (Scotland) Act, 1945 439

38 The Local Government (Boundary Commission) Act, 1945... 527

39 The Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act, 1945 ... 533

40 The Postponement of Polling Day Act, 1945 536

41 The Family Allowances Act, 1945 537

42 The Water Act, 1945 558

43 The Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945 669

44 The Treason Act, 1945 723

Chapter of

9 & 10 Geo. 6. Page

1 The Local Elections (Service Abroad) Act, 1945 725

2 The Indian Franchise Act, 1945 729

3 The Coatbridge and Springburn Elections (Validation) Act,

1945 733

4 The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1945 734

5 The Indian Divorce Act, 1945 735

6 The Chartered and Other Bodies (Resumption of Elections)

Act, 1945 735

7 The British Settlements Act, 1945 739

8 The War Damage (Valuation Appeals) Act, 1945 739

9 The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1945 743

10 The Supplies and Services (Transitional Powers) Act, 1945 746

11 The Inshore Fishing Industry Act, 1945 753

12 The Civil Defence (Suspension of Powers) Act, 1945 ... 754

13 The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945 757

14 The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1945 835

15 The Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1945 837

16 The Workmen's Compensation (Pneumoconiosis) Act, 1945 840

17 The Police (Overseas Service) Act, 1945 841

18 The Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945 ... 844

19 The Bretton Woods Agreements Act, 1945 860

20 The Building Materials and Housing Act, 1945 863

21 The Elections and Jurors Act, 1945 872

TKE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fimd to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-five and one thousand nine hundred and forty-six.

[30th January 1945.]

Most-Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund i«of of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the w’tof the’coa-supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-five, the sum of one thousand million pounds.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund 000

of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the out^Wt^n-supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending for the service of on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-six, the sum of one thousand million pounds.

3.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the Power for issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England borrow*^ and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the. Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole two thousand million pounds.

A

le

2

Ch. 4, 5.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 2.

Short title.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-six, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 5.

Representation of the People , 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

Franchise.

Section.

1. Extension of local government franchise.

2. Abolition of spouse’s qualification.

3. Members of forces and war workers abroad.

Part II.

Resumption of Local Elections!

4. Triennial elections.

5. Annual elections of one-third of counsellors.

6. Elective auditors.

7. Qualification for election and holding office.

8. City of London.

9. County and district council elections in Scotland.

10. Town council elections in Scotland.

11. Qualification for membership of councils in Scotland.

12. Power to make supplementary orders as to local elections.

1945-

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch.~ 5.

3

Part III.

Temporary Provisions as to Registration.

Section.

13. Registers which are to be in force for local government and parliamentary elections.

14. May 1945 register.

15. Annual register under this Act.

16. Modifications as to civilian residence and service registers in certain

contingencies.

17. Modifications as to business premises register.

18. Business premises application by .service voters.

19. Business premises applications on behalf of service voters by spouse

or business manager.

20. Extension of time for registration of prisoners of war.

21. Preparation oi registers and appeals from registration officer.

22. Adjustment of statutory time limits in connection with parliamentary

‘elections.

23. Transitional provisions.

24. Application and adaptation of enactments.

Part IV.

Temporary Provisions as to Voting.

25. Postal voting by service voters at parliamentary elections other

than university elections.

26. Provisions for superseding proxy votes by postal votes.

27. Postal voting by service voters at university elections.

28. Consequential provisions.

29. Extension of persons who may be appointed proxies for service

voters at university elections.

30. Amendments of the Act of 1943 as to civilian proxies at parliamentary elections.

31. Proxy voting by service voters at local government elections.

32. Application and interpretation of Part IV.

Part V.

Miscellaneous and General.

33. Amendment as to redistribution of seats.

34. Provision as to superannuation rights of contributory employees.

35. Temporary provisions as to expenses of registration.

36. Permanent provisions as to expenses of registration.

37. Approval of electoral registration regulations.

38. Interpretation.

39. Application to Northern Ireland.

40. Short title, citation and repeal.

Schedules.

First Schedule.—Forms of service declaration, etc.

Second Schedule.—Registration as local government elector.

Third Schedule.—Transitional provisions on expiration of National Registration Act, 1939.

Fourth Schedule.—Adaptation of enactments.

Fifth Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

4 Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

An Act to amend the law relating to parliamentary and local government franchises, and the registration of parliamentary and local government electors, to provide for the resumption of local elections, and otherwise to amend the law relating to parliamentary and local goverriment elections, including the redistribution of seats at parliamentary elections.

[15 th February 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in' this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

FRANCHISE.

1. Subject to the provisions of Part III of this Act, the class of persons qualified as local government electors for any local government area shall be extended so as to include any person who has, or but for an incapacity arising from his status as a peer would have, a qualification as a parliamentary elector qualifying him to be registered in that area.

2. No person shall be qualified as a parliamentary or local government elector for any constituency or local government area unless that person is qualified as an elector for that constituency or area otherwise than as the husband or wife of a person so qualified:

Provided that this section shall not affect—

(1 a)the right of any person to be registered for and vote at any parliamentary election initiated (within the meaning of the Act of 1943) before the date of the commencement of this Act; or

(6) the qualification of any person for any office held by that person immediately before that date, so as to vacate or require that person to vacate the office.

3.—(1) For the purposes of the Act of 1943, the meaning of the expression " member of the forces " shall be extended so as to include any member (whether male or female) of any of His Majesty's naval, military or air forces raised elsewhere than in the United Kingdom or a Dominion, who either—

(a) on the thirty-first day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, was not a member of any such force; or

Extension of local

government

franchise.

Abolition of

spouse’s

qualifica'tion.

Members of forces and war workers abroad.

1945 Representation of the People Ch. 5. . 5.

Act, 1945.

(b) being on that date a member of a reserve or auxiliary Part I. force raised as aforesaid has since that date been called up for actual service;

and who, in either case, is not for the time being released from actual service for an indefinite period:

Provided that electoral registration regulations may provide that this subsection shall not apply to any force specified in the regulations as being equivalent to the Home Guard.

In this subsection the expression " Dominion '' means a Dominion within the meaning of the Statute of Westminster, 22 & 23 Geo. 5. 1931, and includes any territory administered by Hisc- 4* Majesty's government in such a Dominion.

(2) Subsection (1) of section eleven of the Act of 1943 (which provides for conferring on persons registered in the National Register as persons engaged in war work abroad rights similar to those conferred by that Act on seamen) shall apply also, as it applies to a person so registered, to a person not registered in the National Register who is certified—

(a) by a commissioned officer in His Majesty's forces to have been a member of the forces but to have ceased (whether before or after the passing of this Act) to be such a member at a time when he was outside the United Kingdom; and

(b) on behalf of any government department, by an officer of that department or of an organisation authorised for the purpose of this provision by that department, to be engaged in work of national importance outside the United Kingdom (whether

ashore or afloat) in connection with any war in *

which His Majesty may be engaged.

(3) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the forms to be used to enable persons who are members of the forces by virtue of subsection (1) of this section and such persons as are referred to in the last foregoing subsection to be registered as parliamentary electors and for the appointment of proxies by such pesons.

Part II.

RESUMPTION OF LOCAL ELECTIONS.

4.— (1) For the purposes of any provision of the appro-Triennial priate Act limiting the term of office of county councillors, elections, metropolitan borough councillors, district councillors or parish

Ch. 5.

Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6*

Ad, 1945.

Part II.

—cont.

councillors to three years, and requiring them to retire together in every third year, the period beginning on the day on which the councillors elected at the ordinary election held last before the commencement of this Act came into office and ending—*

(a) in the case of county councillors, on the eighth day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-six;

(b) in the case of metropolitan borough councillors, on the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-five; and

(c) in the case of district councillors and parish councillors, on the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-six;

shall be treated as if it were a period of three years; and ordinary elections of councillors shall be held accordingly under the appropriate Act.

(2) For the purpose of any provision of the appropriate Act limiting the term of office of aldermen to six years, or requiring one half as near as may be of the whole number of aldermen to retire in every third t year, the period between the ordinary election of aldermen held last before the commencement of this Act and—

(a) in the case of county aldermen, the . annual meeting of the county council in the year nineteen hundred and forty-six; or

(b) in the case of aldermen of a borough or metropolitan borough, the annual meeting of the borough council in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five;

shall be treated as if it were a period of three years; and ordinary elections of aldermen shall be held accordingly under the appropriate Act.

(3) If there is a vacancy among the councillors of any council before their term of office expires under subsection (1) of this section, then—

(a) if the vacancy occurs more than six months before the expiration of that term or exists at the commencement of this Act, no election shall be held to fill the vacancy under the appropriate Act, but a person to fill the vacancy shall be elected as soon as conveniently may be by the council;

(b) if the vacancy occurs within the said six months, it shall remain unfilled until the first ordinary election required to be held under subsection (1) of this

1945- Representation of the People Ch. 5.

Act, 1945.

section so, however, that, in the event of a vacancy or simultaneous vacancies occurring among the ' councillors within the said six months whereby the total number of unfilled vacancies among the councillors exceeds one-third of the whole number of councillors, that vacancy or those vacancies shall be filled in manner provided by the last foregoing paragraph.

(4) For the purpose of any provision of the appropriate Act providing that a person elected under the Act to fill a casual vacancy shall nold office until the date upon which the person in whose place he is elected would regularly have retired and shall then retire, a councillor elected by the council under the last foregoing subsection, and a councillor or alderman elected under the proviso to section one of the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provi- 2*3 Geo 6. sions) Act, 1939, shall be deemed to have been elected toCII5

fill a casual vacancy under the appropriate Act.

(5) For the purpose of this section, the expression

" appropriate Act " means, in relation to a councillor or alderman of the London County Council or a metropolitan borough council, the London Government Act, 1939, and in 2 & 3 Geo. 6. relation to any other councillor or alderman, the Localc- 40-Government Act, 1933. 23 & 24 Geo. 5

c. 51.

5.—(1) Any provision of the Local Government Act, 1933, Annual limiting the term of office of councillors of a borough or'1^0?8 of district to three years, and requiring one-third of the whole number of the councillors thereof, or of each ward thereof, as the case may be, to retire in every year (hereinafter referred to as a " rotation in thirds provision ") shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) The following councillors shall retire on the appropriate date, that is to say—

(a) councillors elected at the ordinary election held in the year nineteen hundred and thirty-six (in the case of a borough) or nineteen hundred and thirty-seven (in the case of a district! and any councillor subsequently elected under the Local Government Act,

1933, to fill a casual vacancy in the office of any councillor elected at the said ordinary election;

(b) any councillor elected by the council to fill a casual vacancy whether so elected under the proviso to section one of the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, or under subsection (5) of this section;

7

Part II. —cont.

8 Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part II. and an .ordinary election shall be held to fill their places in —coni. like manner as an ordinary election would under the Local Government Act, 1933, have been held to fill the places of one-third of the whole number of councillors*.

(3) The councillors to be included in the one third of the whole number of councillors of the borough or district or, in the case of a borough or urban district divided into wards, of each ward thereof, who are required by the rotation in thirds ' s provision to retire on the first and second anniversaries of the appropriate date shall be determined as follows: —

(a) as between two or more councillors who have been in office without re-election for different periods, a councillor who has been so in office for a longer period shall retire before a councillor who has been so in office for a shorter period;

(b) as between two or more councillors who have been so in office for the same period—

(i) where their election was contested, a councillor elected by a smaller number of votes shall retire before a councillor elected by a larger number of votes;

(ii) where their election was not contested, or where their election was contested and they received the same number of votes, the order of their retirement shall be determined by lots drawn at such meeting of the council as the council may determine, the drawing being con-

• ducted under the direction of the person presiding

- at the meeting;

(c) in the case of councillors elected to come into office on the appropriate date, the foregoing paragraphs shall apply to them all alike (including councillors elected to fill a casual vacancy), but for the purpose , of those paragraphs any councillor elected after that

date to fill a casual vacancy in the office of a councillor elected on that date, shall be treated as having himself been elected on that date and as having been in office since that date without re-election:

Provided that, where under subsection (5) of section thirty-five of the Local Government Act, 1933, the order of retirement of the councillors of a rural district council is determined in accordance with directions given by the county council, the order of retirement of the councillors of that council shall also be so determined for the purpose of this subsection.

1945- Representation of the People Ch. 5.

Act, 1945.

(4) No election of a councillor of any council to which a rotation in thirds provision applies, whether an ordinary election or an election to fill a casual vacancy, shall be held under the Local Government Act, 1933, before the election required to be held under subsection (2) of this section, and die term of office of any such councillor holding office at the commencement of this Act shall be extended until he is required to retire by this section.

(5) If there is a vacancy among the councillors of any council to which a rotation in thirds provision applies before the appropriate date, then—

(a) if the vacancy occurs more than six months before that date or exists at the commencement of this Act, a person to fill the vacancy shall be elected as soon as conveniently may be by the council;

(b) if the vacancy occurs within the said six months, it shall remain unfilled until the ordinary election required to be held under subsection (2) of this section, and shall be filled at that election in addition to the other places then to be filled, so, however, that, in the event of a vacancy or simultaneous vacancies occurring among the councillors within the said six months whereby the total number of unfilled vacancies among the councillors exceeds one-third of the whole number of councillors, that vacancy or those vacancies shall be filled in manner provided by the last foregoing paragraph.

(6) During his term of office the mayor of a borough, and the chairman and vice-chairman of a district council, shall continue to be a member of the borough council or district council, as the case may be, notwithstanding the provisions of this section as to the retirement of councillors.

(7) Nothing in this section shall affect any power of His Majesty to create new boroughs, or any power to make Orders in Council or orders conferred by the following provisions of the Local Government Act, 1933, that is to say—

(a) section twenty-five (which relates to the division of a borough into wards and the alteration of the number of councillors or wards or boundaries);

(b) the proviso to subsection (3) of section thirty-five (which provides for the rotation in thirds provision being replaced as respects a district council by the provisions of that Act requiring the retirement of the whole council in every third year);

(c) section thirty-seven (which relates to the division of an urban district into wards);

Part II.

—cont.

10

Part II.

—cont.

Elective

auditors.

Qualification for election and holding office.

Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(d) subsection (2) of section thirty-eight (which relates to the number of rural district councillors to be elected by the several rural parishes);

(e) Part VI (which relates to the alteration of areas);

and any such Order in Council or order may exclude or vary - the provisions of this section to the like extent as it may exclude or vary the rotation in thirds provision.

(8) In this section the expression " appropriate date " means—

(a) in relation to*a borough, the first day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-five; and

(h) in relation to a district, the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-six;

and in the application of this section to the councillors of a district council, references to one-third thereof shall be construed as references to one-third thereof as near as may be.

6. No election of elective auditors of a borough shall be held in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five, and all such auditors in office at the commencement of this Act shall continue in office until the ordinary day of election of elective auditors in the year nineteen hundred and forty-six:

Provided that the foregoing provisions shall not prevent the vacation of the office of an elective auditor before the said day otherwise than by effluxion of time; and, in the event of that office being vacant before the said day, a person to fill the vacancy; whose term of office shall expire on the said day, shall be elected as soon as conveniently may be by the council of the borough.

7. —(1) A person holding office as a member of any local authority within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1933, or the London Government Act, 1939, on the nomination day for the ordinary election of councillors held next after the commencement of this Act shall, notwithstanding that he does not possess the qualifications required by section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1933, or section thirty-one of the London Government Act, 1939, as the case may be, be qualified to be elected councillor at that election, or chairman (in the case of a county, district or parish), mayor (in the case of a borough or metropolitan borough), or alderman (in the case of a county or borough or metropolitan borough) at the election of a chairman, mayor or alderman next following the said nomination day, and' to hold office as such for the term for which he may then be elected.

(2) A person holding office as a member of any such local authority immediately before the fifteenth day of October,

I945*

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

11

Ch. 5.

nineteen hundred and forty-five (on which date the register* of local government electors prepared under the Act of 1918 in the year nineteen hundred and thirtyrnine is, under the following provisions of this Act, to cease to be in force for the purpose of determining a person's qualification for any office) shall, if he is then qualified to hold that office as being a local government elector, continue to be so qualified so long as he continues to hold it without re-election, notwithstanding that, on that register ceasing to be in force as aforesaid, he no longer possesses the qualifications required by the said sections.

(3) Any person being, on the day of nomination for the election of elective auditors in the year nineteen hundred and forty-six, the elective auditor of a borough shall be qualified to be elected elective auditor of that borough at that election, notwithstanding that he is not qualified to be a councillor of the borough.

(4) For the purposes of section fifty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1933, and section thirty-two of the London Government Act, 1939 (which provide that a person ceasing to hold any office to which he is elected under the Act shall, unless he is not qualified or is disqualified, be eligible for re-election) a person elected to any office under the proviso to section one of the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, or under this Part of this Act shall be deemed to have been elected under the Local, Government Act, 1933, or the London Government Act,

1939, as the case may be.

8.—(1) No election of common councilmen in the City of City of London (other than an election to fill a casual vacancy in London-accordance with the following provisions of this section) shall be held before the twenty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-six, and any common councilman in office at the commencement of this Act or elected in accordance with the following provisions of this section to fill a casual vacancy shall continue in office until that day and shall then retire:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prevent—

(a) the vacation of the office of a common councilman otherwise than by effluxion of time; or

(b) the re-election of a common councilman retiring thereunder.

(2) If at the commencement of this Act there is a vacancy in the office of a common councilman, or if any such vacancy occurs before - the twenty-first day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-six, the Common Council shall as soon as conveniently may be fill the vacancy by electing a person possessing the qualifications necessary for election to the office and not being subject to any disqualification for holding the office:

Part II. —conL

12

Part II. —coni.

30 & 31 Vict, c. i.

County and district council elections in Scotland.

Town council elections in Scotland.

1

Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Provided that section five of the local Act 12 & 13 Vict, cap. xdv—

(a) in so far as it requires, as a qualification for election as a common councilman-for any ward in the City of London, the occupation of premises in the said ward rated at the amount specified in the said section shall not apply to any election under this subsection; and

(b) in so far as it requires, as a qualification for such election, that the person to be elected should -be registered in the parliamentary register of electors with respect to premises in the said ward, shall be taken as requiring that a person to be elected under this subsection either should have been so registered in the register which came into force in the year nineteen hundred and thirty-nine or shquld be so registered in the register which is for the time being in force, or deemed to be in force, under the following provisions of this Act.

(3) For the purpose of elections of aldermen and any other purpose except elections of common councilmen, the lists of persons in the several wards of the City of London who are entitled to vote under the City of London Municipal Elections Amendment Act, 1867, being the lists made out and signed on the third day of December, nineteen hundred and forty, in accordance with section five of the said Act, shall remain in force until the third day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-six; and no further lists shall be made out under the said section five so as to come into force before that day.

9. —(1) For the purposes of any enactment requiring the election of members of county and district councils in Scotland to take place every third year, and of any reference in any enactment to a triennial election of county councillors, the period of seven years ending on the first Tuesday in December in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five shall be treated as if it were three years and accordingly elections of members of such councils snail be held in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five and in every third year thereafter.

(2) The term of office of any such councillor in office at the commencement of this Act shall be extended until the first Tuesday in December, nineteen hundred and forty-five:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall operate to continue in office a county councillor representing a burgh after he ceases to be a town councillor.

10. —(1) The provisions of the Town Councils (Scotland) Acts, 1900 to 1923, and of any local Act with regard to the

*945-

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

13

Ch. 5.

retiral and election of town councillors for burghs in Scotland shall nave effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) For the purpose of any enactment requiring one-third of the town councillors for a burgh or for each ward in a burgh to retire in each year, the period of seven years Tending on the first Tuesday of November, nineteen hundred and forty-five, shall be treated as if it were one year, and the term of office and date of retiral of town councillors elected by the electors and in office at the commencement of this Act shall be determined accordingly.

(3) Any town councillor elected by the council before the issue in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five of the election notice shall continue in office until the first Tuesday of November, nineteen hundred and forty-five, and shall then retire and his place shall be filled by the electors and he shall be reckoned as one of the one-third of the councillors required to retire at the said date if, and only if, he was elected to fill a place occupied at any time since the issue of the election notice in the year nineteen hundred and thirty-eight by a councillor who was elected by the electors and would have been required under the last foregoing subsection to retire on the aforesaid day:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall require any • person holding the office of provost or of honorary treasurer to retire prior to the expiry of his term of office as provost or honorary treasurer.

(4) A vacancy among the town councillors of any burgh which occurs between the commencement of this Act and the issue in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five of the election notice and which, whether by virtue of a resolution of the town council or otherwise, is required by or under the provisions of any local Act to be filled by the electors otherwise than at the annual election shall be filled by the town council.

(5) In the application of this section to a burgh in which the annual retiral and election of councillors takes place, by virtue of a determination under section seven of the Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1903, on a day other than the first 3 Edw. 7.C. 34. Tuesday of November the foregoing provisions of this section

shall have effect subject to the following modifications: —

(a) for any reference to the first Tuesday of November there shall be substituted a reference to that other day;

Part II —coni.

Part II.

— cot

63 & 64 Vict, c. 49.

Qualification for membership of councils in Scotland.

Power to make supplementary

Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(b) in the case where the election notice is issued in the months of January or February, for references to the years nineteen hundred and thirty-eight and nineteen hundred and forty-five there shall be substituted respectively references to the years nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and nineteen hundred and forty-six.

(6) In this section the expression ‘ ‘ election notice ’ ’ means the notice issued in pursuance of section forty-two of the Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900, or of any similar provision in a local Act.

11. —(1) A person holding office as a member of a county, town or district council in Scotland on the day when the notice of election is next issued after the commencement of this Act, shall, unless he is subject to any disqualification, be deemed to be duly qualified to be elected at the election to which that notice relates, and to be, a member of that council for the term for which he may then be elected, notwithstanding that he does not possess the qualification for such election and membership prescribed by the enactments relating thereto.

(2) A person holding office as a member of any such council immediately before the fifteenth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-five (on-which date the register of local government electors prepared under the Act of 1918 in the year nineteen hundred and thirty-nine is, under the-following provisions of this Act, to cease to be in force for the purpose of determining a person's qualification for any office) shall, if he is then qualified to hold that office as being a local government* elector, continue to be so qualified so long as he continues to hold it without re-election, notwithstanding that, on that register ceasing to be in force as aforesaid, he no longer possesses the qualifications required by the said enactments.

(3) In this section the expression " notice of election" means the notice issued in pursuance of section forty-two of the Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900, or of any similar provision in a local Act, relating to any burgh or of any provision applying the said section forty-two to elections of county and district councillors, and the expression " disqualification" means in relation to a town council any such disqualification as is mentioned in paragraphs (3) or (4) of section thirteen of the said Act of 1900.

12. —(1) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that by reason of special circumstances affecting any local authority within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1933, or the

1945- . Representation of the People Ch. 5. 15

Act, 1945.

London Government Act, 1939, the provisions of sections four Part ii. and five of this Act are, in relation to that authority or some part of the members thereof, either inapplicable or inadequate 8810 Without some addition or modification, he may by order make elections, such provision as appears to him to accord with the principles of those sections and to be necessary or expedient, in consequence of the passing of the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, and the Acts amending and continuing that Act and of the repeal of those Acts by this Act, for the purpose of securing that the authority shall be, and be deemed always to have been, duly , constituted.

(2) The Secretary of State may also by order make such provision as appears to him to be necessary or expedient for the purpose of giving effect to the said sections and, in particular, for the holding of any election required thereby to be held.

(3) Any provision of any order made under this section may apply either generally to any class of local authority or to any particular local authority.

(4) Any order made under this section shall have effect notwithstanding anything in any enactment (including an enactment contained in this Act), or anything in any instrument made by virtue of any such enactment.

(5) Any order made under this section shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made, but section one

of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not apply to any >>*> & 57 Vict order so made. c 66-

(6) If either House of Parliament, within the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the date on which any such order is laid before it, resolves that the order be annulled, the order shall thereupon become void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of a new order.

(7) ‘In reckoning any such period of twenty-eight days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses arc adjourned for more than four days.

(8) In the application of this section to Scotland for any reference to a local authority there shall be substituted a reference to a county, town or district council and for any reference to sections four and five of this Act there shall be substituted a reference to sections nine and ten of this Act.

16 Ch. 5. Representation of the People . 8 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part III.

TEMPORARY PROVISIONS AS TO REGISTRATION.

Registers 13.—(1) The register of electors to be in force for elections

which are held before the coming into force of a new register prepared f° under section eleven of the Act of 1918, shall (subject to the

government provision made by this Part of this Act for certain, contin-andpariia- gencies) be as follows: —

mentary (a) for local government elections, on or after their

eec ons. , resumption under Part II of this Act, the register

shall be a register (to be called the " annual register* ") prepared under .this Part of this Act so as to come into force on the fifteenth day of October in each year;

(b) for parliamentary elections the register shall be—

(i) for any election initiated before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, a register specially prepared for the election under the Act of 1943;

(ii) for any election initiated during the period beginning with the said first day of April and ending with the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-five, a register (to be called the " May 1945 register ") prepared under this Part of this Act so as to come into force on the seventh day of May, nineteen hundred and forty-five;

(iii) for any election initiated during the period beginning with the first day of October and ending with the thirty-first day of December in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five, or during the period beginning with the tenth day of September and ending with the thirty-first day of December in any subsequent year, the annual register which comes into force in that year;

(iv) - for any election initiated during the period beginning with the first day of January and ending with the ninth day of September m the year nineteen hundred and forty-six or any subsequent year, a register consisting of a civilian residence register and a service register specially prepared for the election under the Act of 1943, and of the business premises register comprised in the annual register which came into force in the preceding year.

1945-

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

(2) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall apply to the Part III. register of parliamentary electors for any university constit- —cont. uency.

14.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, there shall in May 1945 the year nineteen hundred and forty-five be prepared in register, each constituency a register of parliamentary electors in accordance with the Act of 1943 as if a general election had been initiated on the first day of March in that year, and the register so prepared shall be the May 1945 register for that constituency:

Provided that—

(a) if a general election is in fact initiated before the end of the said month of March, no further proceedings shall be taken with respect to the preparation of a May 1945 register for any constituency; and

(b) if a by-election is initiated in the said month of March in any constituency, no further proceedings shall be taken with respect to the preparation of a civilian residence or business premises register to be

_ comprised in the May 1945 register for that constituency.

(2) If a general election is initiated before the end of the month of March, nineteen hundred and forty-five, the register in force for any parliamentary election initiated during the period beginning with the first day of April and ending with the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-five, shall, instead of being the register specified in the last foregoing section—

(1 a)in the case of an election initiated not later than

(b) in the case of an election initiated after the said ninth day of September, be the annual register which comes into force in that year.

(3) If in any constituency a by-election is initiated in the said month of March, the civilian residence register ^nd the business premises register prepared and published under the Act of 1943 for that election shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as if they had been duly published as part of the May 1945 register for that constituency.

(4) Applications to be registered in the business premises register to be comprised in the May 1945 register—

(a) shall be made so as to be received by the registration officer before the beginning of the said month of March;

B

i8

Part III. —cont.

Annual register under this Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c 91.

Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6

Act, 1945.

(6) shall not be invalid by reason only of being made before the commencement of this Act; and

(c) subject to the provisions of this Act as to making applications on a form of service declaration, or by other persons on behalf of members of the forces and seamen, and to any electoral registration regulations extending those provisions to war workers abroad, shall be made in the form prescribed by the Electoral Registration Regulations, 1944, so much of that form as relates to applications by or on behalf of the husband or wife of the occupier of business premises being disregarded*, whether filled in or not.

Any application to be so registered which is made as aforesaid shall be treated as having been made also for the purposes of any election initiated in the said month of March, and subject as aforesaid no person shall be registered in the business premises register for any election initiated during that month otherwise than in pursuance of such an application.

(5) For the purposes of the service register to be comprised in the May 1945 register, any service declaration or notification that a service declaration has been cancelled, if received by a registration officer on or before such date as may be prescribed by electoral registration regulations, not being later than the last day of the said month of March, shall be of the same effect for the purpose of determining the right of the declarant to be registered as if received by the registration officer before the qualifying date, and subsection (5) of section eight of the Act of 1943 shall have effect accordingly.

15.—(1) If in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five or any subsequent year the National Registration Act, 1939, *s in force on the relevant date, there shall be prepared a register of local government electors and parliamentary electors which shall be published and come into force on the fifteenth day of October in that year, and that register shall be the annual register.

(2) The annual register shall consist of two parts, namely—

(a) a part (to be called the " general register ’’) in which shall be registered parliamentary electors and local government electors registered in respect of a qualification conferred by section one of this Act and which shall accordingly consist of a civilian residence register, a business premises register and a service register; and

(b) a part (to be called the 0 ratepayers register ") in which shall be registered local government electors registered in respect of any other qualification.

1945* Representation of the People Ch. 5. 19

Act, 1945.

(3) The annual register, so far as it is a register of local Part hi. government electors, shall be prepared in accordance with —conL the Second Schedule to this Act; and, save as hereinafter expressly provided, shall remain in force as such until the publication of the next annual register or of a register prepared under section eleven of the Act of 1918.

(4) The general register comprised in the annual register, so far as it is a register of parliamentary electors, shah be prepared as if it were a register specially prepared under the Act of 1943 for a parliamentary election initiated on the first day of August.

(5) In this section the expression " the relevant date" means the qualifying date for the general register comprised in the annual register, that is to say—

(a) in any year in which section one of the Parliamen- 7 & 8 Geo. 6. tary Electors (War-Time Registration) Act, 1944,c* 24-

is m force on the first day of August, the thirtieth day of June in that year; and

(b) in any other year, the thirty-first day of July in that year.

16.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Act of 1943, a Modifications civilian residence register or service register shall be specially as to civilian prepared under that Act for a parliamentary election only res^dence where the register to be in force for that election is, by virtue ^giSteCe of this Act, to include a civilian residence or service register in certain SO prepared. contingencies.

(2) Where a civilian residence or service register is so prepared for an election initiated after the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-five, it shall be prepared also as a register of local government electors in accordance with the Second Schedule to this Act, except that the qualifying date by reference to which it is to be prepared shall be the • qualifying date for that election.

(3) Where a parliamentary election for which a civilian residence or service register is to be so prepared is initiated during the first nine days of September in any year, the qualifying date for that election shall, instead of being the day specified in section one of the Act of 1943, be the day which is the qualifying date for the annual register. 4

(4) Where civilian residence and service registers so prepared are published for a parliamentary election initiated in any constituency (including a general election) during the period beginning with the first day of August and ending with the ninth day of September, they shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as if they had been

20 Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part hi. duly published as part of the annual register then in course —com. of preparation.

(5) Where civilian residence and service registers so prepared are published for a parliamentary election initiated in any constituency (including a general election) during the period beginning with the first day of January and ending with the thirty-first day of July, they shall be substituted for the civilian residence and service registers comprised in the annual register which is then in force as the register of local government electors:

Provided that the said substitution shall not have effect for the purpose of any local government election except an election for a local government area wholly contained in that constituency, or wholly contained in that constituency and other constituencies in which parliamentary elections have been initiated in the same month.

Modifications as to business premises register.

17.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Act of 1943, no business premises register shall be specially prepared for any parliamentary election initiated after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-five:

Provided that if a general election is initiated before the end of the said month of March (so that no May 1945 register comes into force under this Act), a reference to the ninth day of September shall be substituted for the reference in this subsection to the thirty-first day of March.

(2) Paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section twelve of the Act of 1943 (which provides for the publication, after the date referred to in that subsection, of an annual business

Premises register prepared under that Act) shall cease to ave effect.

(3) If no May 1945 register comes into force under this Act and a parliamentary election is initiated in any constituency (including a general election) during the first nine days of September nineteen hundred and forty-five, subsections (2), (3) and (4) of the last foregoing section shall apply to the business premises register to be specially prepared under the Act of 1943 for that election as they apply to the civilian residence and service registers to be so prepared.

Business premises applications by service voters.

18.—(1) A person qualified to be registered in the business premises register to be comprised—

(a) in the register for any parliamentary election initiated in March, nineteen hundred and forty-five;

1945- Representation of the People Ch. 5.

Act, 1945.

(6) in the May 1945register; or

(c) in the annual register;

may, if at the time of his application he is a member of the forces or a seaman, apply to be so registered on the form applicable in his case for the making of a service declaration, giving the address of the business premises occupied .by him on the qualifying date instead of the address at which he was, or but for his service as a member of the forces or a seaman would have been, residing.

(2) Any person registered in the business premises register in pursuance of an application made as aforesaid shall not be entitled to vote in person in respect of that registration, but shall be entered in the absent voters list and entitled to appoint a proxy, and shall be entitled to vote by post or by proxy accordingly.

(3) The provisions of the Second Schedule to the Act of 1943 shall apply in relation to the appointment and voting of proxies under this section:

Provided that any such appointment and any cancellation of such an appointment by any person shall be made on the form applicable in his case for the appointment of a proxy to vote for him at an election for which he is registered in the service register or for the cancellation of any such appointment, as the case may be, but, if the form requires him to give the address at which he is, or but for his service as a member of the forces or a seaman would be, residing, he shall give instead the address of the business premises as given in his application under this section to be registered in the business premises register.

(4) Any such application, appointment or cancellation shall be marked with the words " business premises application " or words to the like effect, and any form which may be used under this section for making any such application, appointment or cancellation shall be taken to relate to the business premises register if, but only if, it is so marked.

• (5) Where, within the time allowed for the receipt of applications to be registered in any such business premises register, the registration officer or other officer concerned receives a form of service declaration duly filled in and the declaration is—

(a) attested as a service declaration;

(b) marked as aforesaid; and

(e) dated on or after the qualifying date by reference to which that register is to be prepared;

2*

Part III. —cent.

22

Ch. 5.

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part III. then it shall be conclusively presumed that the person signing —com. the form was at the time of his application a member of the forces or a seaman and it shall be presumed until the contrary is shown that he is entitled to be registered in that business premises register in respect of the premises referred to in the form.

(6) Paragraph ( h) of subsection (1) of section fifteen of the Act of 1943 (which penalises persons improperly attesting service declarations) shall apply to an application to be registered in the business premises register made on a form of service declaration as if it were a service declaration.

(7) In the application of this section to persons disqualified as peers from registration as parliamentary electors—

(a) paragraphs (a) and ( of subsection (1) shall not apply; and

(b) subsections (2) and (3) shall have effect subject to any modifications prescribed by electoral registration regulations made under the following provisions of

. this Act for conferring on those persons rights as to the appointment of a proxy to vote at local government elections.

Business 19.—(1) Ah application for the registration of any person in

premises appli- the business premises register to be comprised in the May 1945 behaiTof11 register or the annual register, may, if at the time of the service voters application that person is a member of the forces or a sea-by spouse or man, be made on that person’s behalf by that person’s business spouse, or if that person is not married or is separated from manager. the spouse, or the spouse is a member of the forces, a seaman or a war worker abroad, by the manager of that person’s business.

(2) Any person registered in the business premises register in pursuance of an application made under this section shall not be entitled to vote in person in respect of that registration, but shall be entered in the absent voters list and entitled to appoint a proxy, and shall be entitled to vote by post or by proxy accordingly:

Provided that no ballot paper shall be sent to a person so registered tor the purpose of voting by post except in pursuance of a request or application made by that person. 3 4 *

(3) Subsection (3) and (so far as it relates to appointments of proxies or cancellations of such appointments) subsection

(4) of section eighteen of this Act shall apply to the appoint-

ment and voting of proxies under this section and to the

cancellation of such appointments as they apply to the

1945- Representation of the People Ch. 5.

Act, 1945.

appointment and voting of proxies under that section and the cancellation of such appointments.

(4) Any application made under this section for a person to be registered in the May 1945 register shall be made in accordance with subsection (4) of section fourteen of this Act, and shall be treated accordingly as having been made also for the purposes of any election initiated in the month of March, nineteen hundred and forty-five:

Provided that the person making the application shall insert therein a declaration—

(a) that he or she is the spouse of the person on whose behalf it is made, or that he or she is the manager of that person's business and either that person is not married or the spouse is a member of the forces, a seaman or a war worker abroad or is separated from that person; and

(b) that that person is at the time of the application a member of the forces or a seaman.

(5) In this section references to the manager of a person's business shall be construed, *in relation to any application made under this section on that person's behalf, as referring to the person who at the time of the application is carrying on on that person's behalf or as his partner the business, profession or trade of that person in respect of which the application is made; and the expression " war worker abroad" means a person registered or qualified to be registered in the service register for any constituency otherwise than as a member of the forces or a seaman.

(6) Sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section fifteen of the Act of 1943 (which penalises persons making false statements in applications to be registered in the business premises register) shall apply in relation to an application under this section as if it were made by the person signing it on his own behalf.

(7) In the application of this section to persons disqualified as peers ftom registration as parliamentary electors—

(a) the reference in subsection (1) thereof to the May 1945 register and subsection (4) thereof shall not apply; and

(b) subsection (2) thereof and subsection (3) of section eighteen of this Act as applied by subsection (3) of this section shall have effect subject to any modifications prescribed by electoral registration regulations made under the following provisions of this Act for conferring on those persons rights as to the appointment of a proxy to vote at local government elections.

23

Part III.

—cont.

24

Ch. 5.

Part III. —cont. Extension of time for registering prisoners of war.

Preparation of registers and appeals from registration officer.

Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

20. —(1) For the purposes of any service register to be prepared under the Act of 1943 or this Act, any service declaration made by a member of the forces, if accompanied by a certificate signed by a commissioned officer of His Majesty's forces and stating that the declarant—

(a) had been a prisoner of war, and made the declaration on ceasing to be a prisoner of war; and

(b) told the officer signing the certificate that he had not, before becoming a prisoner of war, made a service declaration;

shall, subject to the following provisions of this section, be of the same effect, whenever it is received by the registration officer, for the purpose of determining the right of the declarant to be registered as a- parliamentary elector, as if received by the registration officer before the qualifying date by reference to which the register is prepared, and subsection (5) of section eight of the Act of 1943 shall have effect accordingly.

(2) No person shall be entitled to be registered for the purposes of any election by virtue of a service declaration to which the foregoing subsection applies, unless the declaration is received by the registration officer four clear days at least before the day fixed for nomination.

(3) Electoral registration regulations shall provide for the publication, after the date of initiation of a parliamentary election, as* a supplement to the service register in force for that election (whether published before or after that date) of a list of any persons to be registered therein under this section by virtue of service declarations received by the registration officer too late for the inclusion of their names in the register as originally published.

21. —(1) Electoral registration regulations shall provide for securing the compilation and publication by registration officers of the registers required by this Part of this Act, and may apply any of the registration rules set out in the First ‘Schedule to the Act ot 1918 subject to any modifications made by the regulations.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, electoral registration regulations shall provide—

(a) in the case of the May 1945 register, for the publication, not later than the end of March in that year, of lists of persons who appear to the registration officer to be qualified to be registered in the civilian residence and business premises registers; and

1945- Representation of the People Ch. 5.

Act, 1945.

(b) in the case of the annual register, for the publication, not later than the end of August, of lists of persons who appear to the registration officer to be qualified to be registered in any part of that register; and

(c) for the determination by the registration officer of claims and objections with respect to the said lists;

and from any such determination of .a registration officer an appeal shah lie in accordance with the provisions of section fourteen of the Act of 1918 subject to any modifications made by the regulations:

Provided that paragraph (6) of this subsection shall not apply to the service register to be comprised in the annual register prepared in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of section twelve of the Act of 1943, an appeal shall also lie as aforesaid from any determination by a registration officer of a claim or objection made with respect to any list published in pursuance of subsection (2) of that section for an election initiated after the twenty-eighth day of February, nineteen hundred and forty-five:

Provided that if a general election is initiated before the end of March in that year (so that no May 1945 register comes into force under this Act) a reference to the thirty-first day of July shall be substituted for the reference in this subsection to the twenty-eighth day of February, except as respects any appeal pending when the general election is initiated.

22.—(1) For the purposes of the following provisions of the Act of 1943, namely—

(a) subsection (2) of section two (which provides that the time for holding a parliamentary election shall be extended by reference to the date on which the register under that Act comes into force for the election); and

(b) section three (which makes provision with respect to a dissolution of parliament when no register is in force under that Act);

any register of parliamentary electors under this Part of this Act in force for an election shall be deemed to be a register under that Act:

Provided that the said subsection (2) shall not apply to any election for which a register under this Part of this Act is in force before the initiation thereof.

25

Part III.-

—cont.

Adjustment of statutory time limits in connection with parliamentary elections.

26

Part III. — con

Transitional

provisions.

ApplicatiDn

and

adaptation of enactments.

Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection, a register of parliamentary electors under this Part of this Act shall not be deemed to be in force for an election by reason only that a business premises register under this Part of this Act is in force for the election.

23. —(1) For the purpose of determining whether a person is qualified for any .office by virtue of his being a local government elector, the register of local government electors prepared under section eleven of the Act of 1918 which came into force on the fifteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, shall remain in force until the fifteenth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

Rule 28 of the First Schedule to the Act of 1918 (which requires registration officers to supply copies of the register to persons applying therefor) shall not apply to the said register.

(2) No register of parliamentary or local government electors shall be prepared under the said section eleven in any year in which the National Registration Act, 1939, is in force after the thirty-first day of March, and no person shall by virtue^ of any enactment or rule of law be required to perform any duty solely with a view to the preparation of a register which by virtue of this subsection is not to be prepared.

(3) On the expiration of the said Act of 1939, the provisions set out in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect.

24. —(1) The provisions of Part I of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of adapting the Act of 1943 to the provisions of this Part of this Act, so far as it relates to parliamentary elections, and the provisions of Part II of that Schedule shall have effect for the purpose of adapting other enactments to the provisions of the Act of 1943 and this Part of this Act.

(2) Subsection (2) of section twenty-one of and the Third Schedule to the Act of 1943 (which contain provisions for adapting enactments to the provisions of that Act) shall cease to have effect:

Provided that paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of the said Third Schedule (which adapt references to the parliamentary register, parliamentary electors, etc.) shall continue in force until the seventh day of May, nineteen hundred and forty-five, or if no May 1945 register comes into force on that day, until the following fifteenth day of October, and shall apply also as respects any parliamentary election initiated while they are in force.

1945-

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

27

Part IV.

TEMPORARY PROVISIONS AS TO VOTING.

25.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, any person who is registered as a parliamentary elector for any constituency—

(a) in the service register; or

(b) in pursuance of an application under this Act made by

that person on a form of declaration of residence, or on that person’s behalf by some other person, in the business premises register;

shall, if he has made an application in that behalf in accordance with electoral registration regulations, be entitled to vote by post in the same way, subject to any prescribed modifications, as an absent voter at any general election for which that register is in force, being an election to which this Part of this Act applies.

(2) Every application to vote by post under this section shall give an address (hereinafter referred to as a " voting address "), to which the applicant wishes a ballot paper to be sent, but no person shall be entitled to make such an application while he is outside the postal voting areas or to apply for a ballot paper to be sent outside those areas :

Provided that no such application shall be invalidated by reason of any contravention of this, subsection, but a returning officer shall not be obliged to issue a ballot paper in pursuance of such an application, if the voting address given is known to him to be outside the postal voting-areas.

(3) A person who has made an application to vote by post under this section shall not be entitled to vote in person at any election for which the application is in force.

(4) The making of such an application by any person shall not prevent or invalidate the appointment of a proxy to vote on his behalf, and (subject as hereinafter provided) ballot papers may be issued to, and a vote may be cast by, both him and his proxy on his behalf.

(5) Any person who has made such an application may, in accordance with electoral registration regulations, supersede it by a fresh application, giving a new voting address, or cancel it by notice to the registration officer concerned.

(6) Unless superseded or cancelled as aforesaid any such application shall continue m force for the purposes of any general election to which this Part of this Act applies so long as the person making the application is registered or entitled to be registered

Postal voting by service voters at parliamentary elections other than university elections.

28

Part IV.

—cont.

Provisions for superseding proxy votes by postal votes.

Ch. 5. . Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

as a parliamentary elector for the constituency by virtue of the same declaration of residence ©r, in the case of a person registered in the business premises register, so long as that register remains in force.

(7) Any such application or notice cancelling such an application shall be disregarded for the purpose of any election unless received by the registration officer four clear days at least before the day fixed for nomination.

(8) Subsection (3) of section nine of the Act of 1943 (which entitles members of the forces to vote by post provided a ballot paper is not sent to them out of the United Kingdom) shall not apply in 'relation to a general election to which this Part of this Act applies.

26. Provision shall be made by electoral registration regulations for securing that, where a ballot paper is issued to any person registered in the service register or the business premises register for the purpose of voting by post under this Part of this Act and, when the absent voters' ballot boxes are opened for the purpose of checking the envelopes therein and their contents, the declaration of identity sent to that person with that ballot paper is found to have been returned and is not rejected by the returning officer, any vote cast on that person's behalf by his proxy shall not be counted; and for that purpose the regulations shall in particular provide,—

(a) for placing, on the declaration of identity to be sent to any

person so registered for the purpose of voting by post under this Part of this Act, his number in the relevant register, and for rejecting any such declaration of identity if it is found that that number has been defaced or removed before it is returned to the returning officer;

(b) for marking on a copy of the relevant register, from the

numbers so placed on declarations of identity returned and not rejected, the names of the persons whose proxies* votes are under this section not to be counted;

(c) for securing that ballot papers issued for the purpose

of voting as proxy for a person registered in the service register or the business premises register shall be of a different colour or otherwise readily distinguishable from other ballot papers;

(d) for enabling any ballot paper issued for the purpose of voting as proxy for a person so registered to be identified . after it has been marked (but so far as practicable without disclosing how it has been marked) by reference

1945-

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

29

to the number of that person in the relevant register, for Part IV. rejecting any such ballot paper if either— —cont.

(i) it is not identifiable in manner provided by the regulations; or

(ii) it is found, on comparison with the copy of the relevant register marked in accordance with paragraph (6) of this section, to be a paper which is not to be counted;

and for rendering not so identifiable any such ballot paper which is not so rejected;

(e) for making the said comparison immediately after the number of the ballot papers in the ballot boxes has been counted and recorded in accordance with paragraph 34 of the First Schedule to the Ballot Act, 1872, and (unless 35 36 Vict. that comparison is not completed on the day on which the c* 33-counting of the votes begins) for the adjournment of the counting on the completion of the comparison until the next following day which is not a Sunday, Christmas Day or Good Friday, or a day which under the Bank Holidays 34 & 35 Vict. Act, 1871, as amended by any subsequent enactmentc- 17* (including Defence Regulations) is a Bank Holiday in the place where the votes are being counted;

(f) for any other matters which appear to the Secretary of State to be incidental to or consequential on the foregoing provisions of this section, including such amendments of the First Schedule to the Ballot Act, 1872, and any other enactment as appear to him to be necessary for carrying those provisions into effect.

27.—(1) Where the returning officer for any university con- Postal voting stituency receives from a person registered as an elector for that by service constituency an application for a voting paper to be sent to him university for the purpose of voting by post and the application is accom- elections.7 panied either—

(a) by a declaration in the same form and attested in the same

manner and giving the same particulars as a service declaration, except that it shall give particulars of the university constituency instead of particulars of the place at which the declarant is or would be residing; or

(b) such a certificate as is referred to in subsection (2) of

section eleven of the Act of 1943 (which relates to persons registered in the National Register as engaged on war work abroad); or

(c) such certificates as are referred to in subsection (2) of

section three of this Act;

30 Ch. 5. , Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part IV. and the said declaration purports to be signed by, or the said —cont. certificate or certificates purport to relate to, the person making the application, then, notwithstanding anything in the Act of 1918, that person shall be entitled at any general election to which this Part of this Act applies to have a voting paper sent to him at the address given in the application.

(2) No person shall be entitled to make an application for a voting paper to be sent under the foregoing subsection while he is outside the postal voting areas or to apply for a voting paper to be sent outside those areas under that subsection :

Provided that no such application shall be invalidated by reason of any contravention of this subsection but the returning officer shall not be obliged to send a voting paper in pursuance of such an application, if the address given is known to him to be outside the postal voting areas.

(3) Any application for a voting paper to be s6 sent may be superseded by a fresh application giving a new address and accompanied by the appropriate declaration, certificate or certificates, or may be cancelled by notice to the returning officer, but subject to the foregoing provisions of this subsection any such application shall continue in force for the purpose of any general election to which this Part of this Act applies.

(4) Any such application or notice shall be disregarded for the purpose of any election unless received by the returning officer four clear days at least before the day fixed for nomination.

(5) A person shall not be entitled to vote in person at any election at which he is entitled to have a voting paper sent to him under subsection (1) of this section.

(6) The making of such an application by any person shall not prevent or invalidate the appointment of a proxy to vote on his behalf or the casting of a vote by his proxy at any election, but if at a general election to which this Part of this Act applies a voting paper is duly returned by him so as to be received by the returning officer before the day on which the counting of the votes is to begin, any vote cast by the proxy on his behalf shall be void.

(7) Electoral registration regulations shall make provision for giving effect to the last foregoing subsection, and shall for that purpose in particular provide—

(a) for marking, on any copy of the register to be used at any general election to which this Part of this Act applies for checking voting papers before they are counted, the name of any person entitled to have a voting paper sent to him under subsection (1) of this section at that election;

1945-

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

3i

(b) for rejecting any vote cast on his behalf by his proxy at Part IV.

that election if it is found when the voting papers are —coni. checked that he himself has returned a voting paper with the declarations thereon duly filled in;

(c) for any other matters which appear to the Secretary of

State to be incidental to or consequential on the foregoing provisions of this subsection, including such amendments of the Fifth Schedule to the Act of 1918 and any other enactment (including any Order in Council made under that Act) as appear to him to be necessary for carrying those provisions into effect.

(8) In the application of this section to the combined Scottish University constituency any reference to the returning officer shall be construed, in relation to any elector, as a reference to the registrar of the University in the register for which that elector is registered.

28.—(1) For the purpose of enabling the rights of voting by Consequential post conferred by this Part of this Act (including the rights provisions, conferred in relation to university elections) to be effectively exercised, the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) the counting of the votes at any general election to which this Part of this* Act applies shall, instead of beginning as soon as possible after the close of the poll, begin not earlier ,

than nine o'clock in the morning of the twentieth day thereafter, and any vote cast by post under this Part of this Act shall, if received before the beginning of the said twentieth day, be as effective and be dealt with as nearly as may be in the same way as if received before the dose of the poll;

(1 b)the time appointed for the meeting of the new Parliament

after any such election shall be any time not less than forty dear days, instead of any time not less than twenty dear days, after the Proclamation summoning the Parliament or, if the time for holding the election is extended under section two of the Act of 1943 so as to allow for the preparation of a register, after the coming into force of the register;

(c) provision shall be made by electoral registration regulations for entitling any candidate at any such election to send to each person entitled, to vote by post in the constituency under this Part of this Act any document containing matter relating to the election only (subject to such limits of size and weight as may be prescribed) by having it enclosed in the same cover as the ballot paper or voting paper to be sent to that person;

•32

Ch. 5.

Part IV.

—cont.

46 & 47 Vict, c. 51.

Extension of persons who may be appointed proxies for service voters at university elections.

Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(d) the arrangements made by a government department under section ten of the Act of 1943, and under that section as extended by electoral registration regulations to war workers abroad, shall include arrangements for securing that (so far as circumstances permit) any person on whom rights are conferred under this Part of this Act with respect to voting by post shall—

(i) have an effective opportunity of exercising those rights, and in such manner as not to disclose the way in which he has voted or intends to vote;

(ii) receive such instructions as to the effect of this Part of this Act and any regulations made under or by virtue of this Part of this Act, and such other assistance, as may be reasonably sufficient in connection with the exercise of those rights.

(2) For the purpose of paragraph (c) of the foregoing subsection, candidates who are, under paragraph (4) of Part V of the First Schedule to the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, deemed to be joint candidates at an election shall be treated as a single candidate.

(3) The right of sending election matter to persons entitled to vote by post under this Part of this Act which is conferred by the said paragraph (c) shall, in relation to such persons, be in lieu of the right to send election matter post free conferred by subsection (2) of section thirty-three of the Act of 1918.

29.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Third Schedule to the Act of 1918 as it applies to university constituencies by virtue of section thirty-six of that Act, any person may be appointed proxy to vote at a university election, and may vote as proxy at such an election, on behalf of a member of the forces, seaman or other person if—

(a) he could be appointed to vote, and could vote, on his behalf at that election if the constituency were not a university constituency; and

(b) his proxy paper is issued to him in pursuance of an

application made in accordance with section eighteen of the Act of 1943 (which enlarges the right of members of the forces and seamen while that Act is in force to appoint a proxy in a university constituency and contains provisions for identifying their applications) or with that section as extended by electoral registration regulations to war workers abroad.

(2) Any proxy paper issued before the commencement of this Act shall be deemed to have been validly issued if it would have been validly issued by virtue of the foregoing subsection, had that subsection then been in force.

1945*

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

33

30. Where electoral registration regulations provide that an Part IV. application by any person for his name to be entered in the absent —cont. voters list is to be made as respects a prescribed period, a person. whose name is so entered shall not be entitled to appoint a proxy I943 to otherwise than for that period or for so much thereof as remains civilian unexpired at the time of the appointment (without prejudice proxies at however to his power to cancel the appointment); and accordingly, parliamentary in sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph one of the First Schedule to elections* the Act of 1943 for the words "at any election initiated during that period or any part thereof specified in the application," there shall be substituted the words "at an election for which that list will be used."

31.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any person Proxy voting who is registered under tins Act as a local government elector for any local government area—

(a) in the service register; or

voters'at local

government

elections.

(b) in pursuance of an application under this Act made by that person on a form of declaration of residence, or on that person's behalf by some other person, in the business premises register;

shall be entitled to vote by proxy at any local government election for that area.

(2) A person shall not be entitled to vote by proxy under this section except by the proxy appointed by him for the purpose of parliamentary elections by virtue of the declaration of residence or application in pursuance of which he is registered in the said register:

Provided that the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall not apply to persons disqualified as peers from registration as parliamentary electors, but electoral registration regulations shall provide for conferring on them as nearly as may be the like rights as to the appointment of a proxy, and the cancellation of any such appointment, for the purposes of this section as if they were not so disqualified.

(3) A person may vote in person at a local government election, notwithstanding that he is entitled to vote by proxy at that election, but only if he applies for a ballot paper before a ballot paper has been issued to the proxy, and in that event the appointment of the proxy shall be void as respects that election.

Nothing in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section eighty-two of the Local Government Act, 1933, or in paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section fifty-six of the London Government Act, 1939, shall be taken to penalise a person who, after a proxy appointed by him has voted under this section, applies for a ballot paper for the purpose of voting in person.

C

34

Ch. 5.

Part IV.

—cont.

Application

and

interpretation of Part V.

Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(4) Paragraphs 12, 15 (except sub-paragraphs (a) and (d) thereof) 16 and 17 of the Second Schedule to the Act of 1943

, (which relates to the voting of proxies at parliamentary elections) shall apply to the voting of proxies at local government elections under this section.

(5) The Second Schedule to the Local Government Act, 1933, or the London Government Act, 1939, as the case may be, and any other enactment regulating the holding of local government elections, including any provisions imposing penalties in connection with voting at those elections, shall apply to persons voting as proxies under this section as they apply to electors, subject however to the provisions of this section and to such modifications as may be prescribed for the purpose of adapting them to voting by proxy.

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) for any reference to paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of

section eighty-two of the Local Government Act, 1933, there shall be substituted a reference to section twenty-four of the Ballot Act, 1872, as extended or applied by any subsequent enactment;

(b) subsection (5) shall have effect as if the reference to the

Second Schedule to the Local Government Act, 1933, or the London Government Act, 1939, were omitted.

32.—(1) This Part of this Act, so far as it relates to voting by post at parliamentary elections, shall apply only to general elections initiated during the period beginning with the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, and ending with the thirty-first day of December in that year or with such later date as may be prescribed :

• Provided that if a general election is initiated before the end of March in that year (so that no May 1945 register comes into force under this Act) a reference to the tenth day of September shall be substituted for the reference in this subsection to the first day of April.

(2) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" declaration of residence" means a service declaration and any corresponding declaration to be made for the purposes of the Act of 1943 by a person engaged in war work abroad;

" postal voting areas" means the United Kingdom and such other areas as may be prescribed;

" prescribed" means prescribed by electoral registration regulations.

1945- Representation of the People Ch. 5. 35

Act, 1945.

Part V.

MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL.

33.—(1) The date as soon as may be after which— Amendment

(a) the Boundary Commissions for Scotland, Wales and distribution Northern Ireland are required to be constituted of seats, under paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of section one

of the House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) 7 &.8 Geo. 6. Act, 1944; and c. 41.

(b) all the Boundary Commissions are required under subsection (1) of section three of that Act to take into consideration the representation in the House of Commons of that part of the United Kingdom with which they are concerned;

shall, instead of being the date on which regulations made in pursuance of subsection (3) of section twelve of the Act of 1943 come into force, be the day appointed for the purposes of this section; and in relation to a report by a Boundary Commission under the said section three of the said Act of 1944, the enumeration date for the purpose of the Third Schedule to the said Act shall be the day so appointed instead of the date mentioned in subsection (2) of that section.

. (2) The day appointed for the purposes of this section shall be the fifteenth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-six, or if the Secretary of State by order so directs, the next preceding or next succeeding fifteenth day of October:

Provided that no such order shall have effect unless a draft thereof has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament. 3 * (ii)

(3) For sub-paragraph (6) of paragraph (1) of rule 8 of the

rules contained in the Third Schedule to the said Act of 1944

(which defines the expression " electorate ") there shall be

substituted the following sub-paragraph—

" (6) the expression electorate ' means—

(i) in relation to a constituency or any part

thereof, the number of persons whose names

• appear on the parliamentary register of electors in force on the enumeration date under the Representation of the People Acts for the constituency or that part thereof, or, if no such register is then so in force, the last such register which was so in force; and

(ii) in relation to Great Britain or Northern Ireland, the aggregate electorate as hereinbefore defined of all the constituencies therein."

3$

Ch. 5,

Part V.

—cont. Provision as to superannuation rights of contributory employees.

1 Edw. 8 &

1 Geo. 6. c. 68.

Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

34.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, any contributory employee or local Act contributor who received in respect of work done by him in the standard year as returning officer at a local government election, other than an election to fill a casual vacancy, or in connection with the preparation of a register of electors under the Act of 1918 or jurors' book, remuneration, otherwise than as part of an inclusive salary continuing to be received by him, shall be entitled to contribute a sum in respect of that remuneration to the appropriate superannuation fund in respect of any year in which, by reason only of the Act of 1943 or this Act being in force, he is not required to do such work; and for the purpose of computing in accordance with the provisions of section eight of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 3:937, ^e average remuneration of any contributory employee or of calculating the superannuation allowance 01 any local Act contributor under a local Act scheme, he shall be deemed to have received, in respect of service rendered in any year in respect of which such contributions were made by him, the remuneration by reference to which the contributions were calculated.

(2) A person otherwise entitled under subsection (1) of this section to make contributions to a superannuation fund in respect of any year shall not be so entitled if he receives in respect of work done in that year by him under the Act of 1943 and this Act (otherwise than as part of an inclusive salary) remuneration greater than that in respect of which he would be entitled to make the contributions.

(3) Where a person makes a contribution under the said subsection (1) in respect of any year, he shall not be required or entitled to make, in respect of that year, any contribution under the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, in respect of the remuneration received by him (otherwise than as part of an inclusive salary) in respect of work done by him in that year under the Act of 1943 or this Act, and the said remuneration shall be disregarded for the purpose of computing, in accordance with the provisions of section eight of the said Act of 1937, his average remuneration (if he is a contributory employee) or of calculating his superannuation allowance under a local Act scheme (if he is a local Act contributor).

(4) In this section the expressions " contributory employee," " local Act contributor," " local Act scheme " and

appropriate superannuation fund," have the same meanings, respectively, as in the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, except that in relation to a local Act contributor the last mentioned expression means the superannuation fund in the benefits of which he is entitled to participate; and the

1945*

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

37

expression " standard year " means, in relation to work done Part v.

by any person as returning officer at a local government elec- —cont.

tion, the last year before the year nineteen hundred and forty in which such work was done by him, and, in relation to work done by any person in connection with the preparation of a register of electors or jurors' book, the year nineteen hundred and thirty-nine

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland references to the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1 Edw. 8 & 1937, shall be substituted for references to the Local Govern- 1 Geo-6- c- 69* ment Superannuation Act, 1937.

35.—(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Temporary Parliament— provisions as

(a) to the Registrar-General of births, deaths and JegtoaSn.of marriages in England and the Registrar-General of births, deaths and marriages in Scotland, any increase occasioned by this Act in the expenses incurred by them respectively for the purposes of the Act of 1943 and any expenses incurred by them respectively for the purposes of this Act;

(/>) to registration officers, any increase occasioned by this Act in the registration expenses to be paid to them as aforesaid under subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Act of 1943 and any registration expenses incurred by them under this Act on or before the seventh day of May, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

(2) The said subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Act of 1943 and subsection (4) of that section (which requires a registration officer to account to the Treasury for certain fees and other sums received in respect of his registration duties) shall cease to have effect with respect to any registration expenses incurred or fees or other sums received after the said seventh day of May, and—

(a) section fifteen of the Act of 1918 (which relates to the expenses of registration, etc., under that Act and provides that those expenses shall be paid by the local authority and reimbursed as to one half out of moneys provided by Parliament) shall apply for the purpose of the registration of electors in the annual register as it applies for the purpose of the registration of electors under that Act; and

(b) for the purposes of this subsection all registration expenses incurred after the said seventh day of May in connection with the registration of electors under the Act of 1943 or this Act, and all fees or other sums received by a registration officer as such after

3&' Cjf. 5.' Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part v. that date in connection with such registration, shall

~cont' be deemed to have been incurred or received in con-

nection with the registration of electors in the annual 1 register.

(3) Subsection (3) of the said section fourteen of the Act of 1943 (which relates to the expenses of certain other officers having functions in connection with the registration of electors, and provides that in so far as incurred under national registration regulations they shall be treated as incurred by the Registrar-General of births, deaths and marriages in England and in so far as otherwise incurred they shall be treated as part of the registration expenses of registration officers) shall apply to expenses incurred by virtue of this Act as if references therein to that Act included references to this Act.

(4) In this section the expression " registration expenses " has the same meaning as in the said section fifteen of the Act of 1918.

, (5) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) for the words "registration officers " there shall be substituted the words " councils appointing registration officers ";

(b) for the reference to section fifteen of the Act of 1918 there shall be substituted a reference to the provision substituted therefor by section forty-three of that Act; and

(c) for the reference to subsection (3) of section fourteen of the Act of 1943 there shall be substituted a reference to the subsection substituted therefor by section twenty-three of the said Act.

Permanent 36.—(1) It is hereby declared that nothing in subsection (2)

provisions as Qf section fifteen of the Act of 1918 (which authorises die rSSration Treasury to frame a scale of registration expenses and pro-vides that expenses shall be taken to be properly incurred if not exceeding the maximum amount in the scale) is to be construed as entitling a registration officer to receive payments in excess of the expenses actually incurred by him, except his proper and reasonable charges for his own trouble, care and attention.

(2) For the purposes of the said section fifteen the registration expenses payable to a registration officer may include sums for the remuneration and expenses of any staff provided by a local authority, but shall not include any sum on account of the use of premises, furniture or equipment provided by a local authority in excess of the amount by which that authority's expenditure has actually

1945-

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

39

been increased by the use of those premises or of that furniture Part v. or equipment in connection with the registration of electors. —cova.

37. Section twenty of the Act of 1943 (which requires Approval of electoral registration regulations to be approved by Parlia- electoral ment before coming into force) shall apply to electoral regis-

tration regulations made under this Act as it applies to elec- toral registration regulations made under that Act.

38. In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, Interpretation, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them: —

" the Act of 1918" means the Representation of the 7 & 8 Geo. 5. People Act, 1918, as amended by any subsequent enact-c- 64-ment;

14 the Act of 1943" means the Parliamentary Electors 6 & 7 Geo. 6. (War-Time Registration) Act, 1943, as amended by c- 48. the Parliamentary Electors (War-Time Registration)

Act, 1944;

" constituency ", " general election " and 39 * 44 university constituency " have the same meanings respectively as in the Act of 1918;

44 electoral registration regulations" means regulations made by the Secretary of State under the Act of 1943, or this Act, and the expression 44 national registration regulations " has the same meaning as in that Act;

44 local government area " and 44 local government election " mean respectively any area which is a local government electoral area for the purposes of the Act of 1918, and a local government election within the meaning .of that Act; and the expression 44 local government elector " shall be construed accordingly.

39. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, Application to any reference in this Act to an enactment of the Parliament Northern

of the United Kingdom shall, in the application of this Act lre an ' to Northern Ireland, be construed as a reference to that enact-

ment as it applies in Northern Ireland.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, nothing in this Act shall apply in respect of the election of members to serve in the Parliament of Northern Ireland or of members of any local authority in Northern Ireland, and accordingly, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words—

(a) in respect of any such election, sections one and two of this Act shall not apply;

(b) the annual register shall in Northern Ireland consist only of the general register, and neither that register

Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

nor' any register prepared under the Act of 1943 shall relate to local government electors;

(c) the register of local government electors prepared under section eleven of the Act of 1918, which came into force in Northern Ireland on the fifteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, shall remain in force for the purposes and for the period for which it would have remained in force if this Act had not been passed.

(3) For the reference in subsection (4) of section fourteen to the registration officer there shall, in the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, be substituted a reference to the person to whom the application referred to in that subsection is to be made in accordance with electoral registration regulations.

(4) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section thirty-five shall apply to registration expenses incurred by registration officers under this Act, whether or not incurred after the seventh day of May, nineteen hundred and forty-five; and for subsection (2) of the said section thirty-five there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

" (2) Subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Act of 1918 (which authorises the Treasury to frame a scale of registration expenses) shall apply for the purposes of paragraph (6) of the last foregoing subsection and for the purposes of the said subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Act of 1943 as it applies for the purposes of the said section fifteen of the Act of 1918/’

(5) For the purpose of any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, whether passed before or after this Act, (hereafter in this section referred to as the " Northern Irish Act ") which makes provision for the use, in connection with the registration of electors for the election of members to serve in that Parliament or of members of local authorities in Northern Ireland, of any information as to the National Register, or of any information or document to be used also for the purposes of the Act of 1943 or Part III of this Act, subsection (3) of section five of the Act of 1943, secti°n ten of that Act (both as therein enacted and as applied in relation to persons engaged in war work abroad by electoral registration regulations) and paragraph 3 of Part II of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall apply as they apply for the purposes of the Act of 1943 and Part III of this Act, subject to the following modifications: —

(a) any reference in subsection (3) of the said section five (which as it applies to Northern Ireland confers

1945-

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

4i

power by national registration regulations to Part v. prescribe the information as to the National Register which is to be furnished to registration officers for the purposes of that section) to that section shall be construed as a reference to the Northern Irish Act;

(6) any reference in the said section ten (which relates to the affording of information and facilities to service voters) or the said paragraph 3 to the Act of 1943 or Part III of this Act shall include a reference to the Northern Irish Act.

(6) The Northern Irish Act may provide for making (with the consent of the Secretary of State) such alterations of and additions to any forms prescribed under electoral registration regulations, or any electors list, supplementary list, register or other document to be used for the purposes of the Act of 1943 or Part III of this Act, as may be necessary or proper

.for the purposes of the Northern Irish Act.

(7) The Treasury may make with the appropriate department of the Government of Northern Ireland arrangements for determining what part of any expenses incurred in connection with the registration of electors in Northern Ireland is to be ^attributed respectively to the Act of 1943 or Part III of this Act and to the Northern Irish Act, and the arrangements may make provision—

(a) for making any scale of registration expenses framed by the Treasury by virtue of this section applicable to expenses incurred wholly or partly for the pur-

* poses of the Northern Irish Act which cannot readily be kept separate from other expenses to which the scale applies;

(b) for the apportionment in such manner as may be agreed of any such expenses; and

(c) as to the manner in which any such expenses are to be paid in the first instance.

40*—(1) This Act may be cited as the Representation of the s.hor* title. People Act, 1945, and snail be included among the Acts which Cltatl°n and may be cited as the Representation of the People Acts. repeaJ'

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Fifth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

42

Ch. 5.

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Section 3.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Forms of Service Declaration, Etc.

1. Any service declaration made by a person who is a member of the forces by virtue of section three of this Act shall be in the following form, or a form to the like effect:—

Form of Service Declaration.

(For use by members of the Indian, Burmese or Colonial defence forces who (a) joined on or after September 1st, 1939, or (6) (in case of reserve or auxiliary forces only) were called up for service on or after that date).

I HEREBY DECLARE THAT I

Surname Service

(Block Capitals)

Christian Names

Service No. (if any) Rank or Rating

Am a British subject and

* (?) wassailed up for service }on OT after September 1st, 1939

* Am not}21 years of 886 or over

♦ (If under 21 years of age) was bom on—

and reside or but for my service would reside at:—

(Full postal address)

I HEREBY CANCEL ANY PREVIOUS DECLARATION MADE BY ME.

Signed Date

Signature of Commanding Officer

Ship, Regt. or Unit

* Cross out inapplicable words.

I945-

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

43

2.—(1) Any declaration corresponding to a service declaration to be made by such a person as is referred to in subsection (2) of the said section three shall be in the following form or a form to the like effect:—

Form of Declaration of Residence by a War Worker.

I HEREBY DECLARE THAT I

Surname

(Block Capitals)

Christian Names

Am a British subject, aged 21 years or over

* under 21 years, having been bom on—

Day Month Year

and would, but for my engagement in war work abroad, reside at:— (Full postal address)

4

Before taking up such war work I served during the present war in H.M. Forces (otherwise than in a Dominion force), was discharged or released therefrom abroad and have not since been registered in the National Register.

My service particulars on release or discharge were:—

Service Service No. (if any)

Rank or Rating Ship, Regt. or Unit

I HEREBY CANCEL ANY PREVIOUS DECLARATION MADE BY ME.

Signed Date

* Cross out inapplicable words.

(2) Any such declaration shall be combined in the same document with the certificates required by the said subsection (2), which shall be in the following form, or a form to the like effect:—

(a) Form of Certificate as to release or discharge.

I, being a commissioned officer in H.M. Forces, hereby certify that the above declarant served in and was discharged or released from H.M. forces as stated in the declaration.

Signed Rank

Ship, Regt. or Unit Date

(6) Forms of certificate as to war work.

(i) (If given by an officer of a government department)

I, being a duly authorised officer of a government department, viz.

1ST Sch. —cont.

hereby certify on behalf of that department that the above declarant is employed or serving in or in connection with the department and is engaged in work of national importance outside the United Kingdom in connection with the present war.

Signed Date

Rank or capacity

44 Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

ist Sch. (ii) {If given by an officer^ of an authorised organisation)

cont* I being an officer of

acting under the instructions of that organisation in the exercise of the authority conferred upon it by a government department or departments, hereby certify on behalf of the department or departments that the above declarant is in the employment or service of the organisation and'is engaged in work of national importance outside ’ the United Kingdom in connection with the present war.

Signed Date

Rank or capacity

3. Any appointment of a proxy made by any such member of the forces or person, where combined in the same document with a service declaration or with such a declaration of residence as aforesaid, shall be in the form prescribed by the Electoral Registration Regulations, 1944, for use by members of the forces where the appointment is combined with a service declaration.

4. Save as aforesaid none of the forms prescribed by Part II of the Third Schedule to the said Regulations shall be applicable in the case of any such member of the forces or person as aforesaid, except the form of application by a member of the forces to vote by post.

5. The provisions of this Schedule may be repealed or amended by electoral registration regulations.

Sections 15, 16.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Registration as Local Government Elector.

1. —(1) The qualifying date for registration as a local government elector in the civilian residence, business premises or service register shall be the same as the qualifying date for registration as a parliamentary elector.

(2) For the purpose of registration in the ratepayers register the references in section three of the Act of 1918 to the qualifying period shall be construed as references to the period of two months ending with the said qualifying date, and subsections (2) and (4) of section seven of the said Act (which contajn provisions as to interrupted periods of occupation) shall not apply for the purposes of the said section three as modified by this sub-paragraph :

Provided that, if on the said qualifying date section one of the Parliamentary Electors (War-Time Registration) Act, 1944, is in force, paragraph (6) of the said section three (requiring a continuous period of occupation) shall also not apply and accordingly paragraph (a) thereof shall have effect as if the said qualifying date were therein referred to instead of the last day of the qualifying period.

2. —(1) Where for the purposes of election a local government area (other than a county borough or borough, not being a metropolitan borough) is divided into more than one ward or electoral

I945-

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

45

division (by whatever name called) a person may be registered for more than one such ward or division (whether in respect of qualifications of the same or a different nature), but save as aforesaid a person shall not be entitled to be registered in respect of more than one qualification as an elector for the same local government area, and where he may be registered once only as a local government elector for any area, ward or division, and is entitled to be so registered in the general register, shall not be entitled to be so registered in the ratepayers register.

(2) A person shall be entitled to be registered as an elector for different local government areas, or (except where the area is a county borough or borough other than a metropolitan borough) for different wards or electoral divisions in the same local government area, in respect of any number of qualifications conferred by section one of this Act, notwithstanding that he will be so registered in the same parliamentary constituency and accordingly would not be entitled to be so registered as a parliamentary elector.

3. A person shall be entitled to be registered in the service register at any address as a local government elector if, but only if, he is entitled to be so registered as a parliamentary elector by virtue of a service declaration or other declaration of residence received by the registration officer before the qualifying date :

Provided that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to persons disqualified as peers from registration as parliamentary electors, but electoral registration regulations shall provide for conferring on them as nearly as may be the like rights as to registration in the service register as local government electors as if they were not so disqualified; and any declaration of residence, or cancellation of such a declaration, required to be made for that purpose by any such person shall be in the same form as the corresponding declaration to be made by other persons for the purpose of registration as parliamentary electors, but shall be marked with the words "not available for parliamentary elections; available only for local government elections in areas containing the address mentioned ", or words to the like effect.

4. —(1) A person shall not be entitled to be registered in the business premises register or in the ratepayers register as an elector for any local government area unless he makes an application in that behalf in the prescribed form and manner and within the prescribed time stating the prescribed particulars.

(2) In this paragraph the expression " prescribed" means prescribed by electoral registration regulations.

5. —(1) The following provisions of the Act of 1943 shall apply for the purposes of this Schedule as they apply for the purposes of that Act, namely :—

(a) subsections (2) and (3) of section five (which contain provisions as to the effect, for the purposes of the civilian residence register, of registration in the National Register and as to information required for the purposes of the civilian residence register);

2ND SCH. —cont.

46 Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6. Act, 1945.

2ND SCH. —cont. (b) section thirteen (which relates to registration officers, then- areas and duties); and (c) section fifteen (which penalises the making of false declarations, etc.); subject to the modification that in the said section fifteen the reference to an application to be registered in the business premises register shall include a reference to an application to be registered in the ratepayers register, and to any other modifications made by electoral registration regulations. (2) Electoral registration regulations may also apply for the purposes of this Schedule, either generally in all cases or in such cases or for such purposes as may be specified in the regulations, any other provisions of the Act of 1943, subject to any modifications made by the regulations. 6.—(1) In the application of this Schedule to Scotland— (i) for any reference to a county borough or a borough there shall be substituted a reference to a burgh, and (ii) for sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1 the following sub-para- graph shall be substituted— " (2) For the purpose of registration in the ratepayers register the references in the provision substituted by section forty-three of the Act of 1918 for section three thereof to the qualifying period shall be construed as references to the period of two months ending with the said qualifying date, and subsection (2) of section seven of the said Act shall not apply for the purposes of the aforesaid provision as modified by this sub-paragraph: Provided that, if on the said qualifying date section one of the Parliamentary Electors (War-Time Registration) Act, 1944, is in force, the aforesaid provision shall have effect as if for the words last day of the qualifying period there were substituted the words qualifying date* and as if the words and has been during the whole of that period' were omitted.*'

Section 23. THIRD SCHEDULE.

Transitional Provisions on Expiration of National Registration Act, 1939. 1.—(1) If the National Registration Act, 1939 (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " the Act of 1939 *’) expires during the period beginning with the first day of January and ending with the thirty-first day of March in any year (so that a register of electors under the Act of 1918 will be prepared in that year), the following provisions of this paragraph shall have effect

x945*

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

47

(2) If a general election is initiated on or after the said first day of January and before the expiration of the Act of 1939, the civilian residence and service registers in force for that election shall also be the civilian residence and service registers in force, instead of the registers specified in section thirteen of this Act, for any parliamentary election initiated after the expiration of the Act of 1939.

(3) If a general election is not initiated as aforesaid, then the civilian residence and service registers comprised in the annual register which comes into force in the preceding year shall be not only the civilian residence and service registers in force for any parliamentary election initiated during the period beginning with the tenth day of September and ending with the thirty-first day of December in the last-mentioned year (as provided by section thirteen of this Act), but also the civilian residence and service registers in force, instead of the registers specified in the said section thirteen, for any parliamentary election initiated after the expiration of the Act of 1939.

2. —(1) If, in the year in which the Act of 1939 expires, neither an annual register under this Act nor a register of electors under the Act of 1918 is to be prepared by reason of the expiration of the Act of 1939 between the end of March and the date which would be the qualifying date for the general register comprised in the annual register, the following provisions of this paragraph shall have effect.

(2) Civilian residence and service registers shall be prepared and published in accordance with the Act of 1943 in each constituency as if a general election had been initiated on the last day on which the Act of 1939 was in force.

(3) The registers so published shall be substituted for the civilian residence and service registers comprised in the annual register which is then in force as the register of local government electors.

(4) The registers so published shall also be the civilian residence and service registers in force, instead of the registers specified in section thirteen of this Act, for any parliamentary election initiated after the expiration of the Act of 1939, and shall for that purpose come into force on the thirty-sixth day after the expiration of the Act of 1939.

(5) A business premises register and a ratepayers register shall be prepared and published in the said year as if the Act of 1939 had not expired, and shall be treated for the purposes of Part III of this Act as if they had been duly published thereunder as part of an annual register to be prepared in that year.

3. —(1) If in the said year an annual register is prepared (the Act of 1939 expiring between the qualifying date for the general register comprised therein and the beginning of the following year), the following provisions of this paragraph shall have effect.

(2) The civilian residence and service registers comprised in the annual register prepared in that year shall be, not only the civilian residence and service registers in force for any parliamentary election initiated during the period beginning with the tenth day of September

3RD SCH.

—cont.

48 Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

3rd Sch. and ending with the thirty-first day of December in that year (as

—cant. provided by section thirteen of this Act) but also the civilian residence

and service registers in force, instead of the registers specified in the said section thirteen, for any parliamentary election initiated during the remainder of the twelve months beginning with the fifteenth day of October in that year.

(3) If the Act of 1939 expires during the period between the qualifying date for the general register comprised in the annual register prepared in that year and the tenth day of September, and a parliamentary election is initiated in any constituency (including a general election) between the expiration of the Act of 1939 and the said tenth day of September, civilian residence and service registers shall be specially prepared under the Act of 1943 for that election as if the Act of 1939 had not expired, and sections thirteen and sixteen of this Act shall apply accordingly.

4. Nothing in the foregoing paragraphs of this Schedule shall apply to the register to be in force for any parliamentary election at which the time fixed for nomination falls after the coming into force of a new register under the Act of 1918.

5. Subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1943, as amended by this Act, shall apply in relation to any parliamentary election, the register for which is to be or include a register prepared by virtue of this Schedule, as if it were a war election within the meaning of the Act of 1943.

6. Until the expiration of the Act of 1943 any national registration regulations made by virtue of the Act of 1943 or of this Act shall continue in force, and may be varied or revoked, as if the Act of 1939 had not expired.

Section 24.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Adaptation of Enactments.

Part I.

ADAPTATIONS OF ACT OF 1943 TO PART III OF THIS ACT.

In the following provisions of the Act of 1943 references to that Act shall be construed as including references to Part III of this Act, so far as it relates to parliamentary elections, namely :—

(a) subsection (1) of section two (which provides for construing for the purposes of that Act references to the initiation of an election);

(b) subsection (1) of section eleven as extended by section three of

this Act (which subsection provides for conferring on persons

1945-

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

49

engaged in war work abroad rights similar to those conferred 4TH Sen. by that Act on seamen); —cont.

(c) subsection (2) and the following subsections of section thirteen

(which relate to the duties of registration officers and other persons in connection with registration under that Act);

(d) section sixteen (which relates to the right of a person registered

under that Act to vote);

(e) section seventeen (which provides that where a candidate dies

after nomination the register prepared under that Act should remain in force, notwithstanding that section one of the Ballot Act, 1872, requires 'proceedings to be begun again as from the initiation of the election);

(f) subsection (1) of section twenty-one (which, in relation to

registration under that Act and to voting where the register is prepared under that Act, excludes the application of Parts I and II of the Act of 1918).

Part IL

ADAPTATION OF ENACTMENTS TO ACT OF 1943 AND PART III OF THIS ACT.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and the Act of 1943, there shall be substituted for any reference in any other Act (including the Act of 1918)—

(a) to parliamentary electors, parliamentary voters, or persons entitled to vote at parliamentary elections, by whatever name called, a reference to parliamentary electors registered under the Act of 1943 or this Act;

(b) to local government electors, county electors, burgesses, parochial electors, or other persons entitled to vote at a local government election, by whatever name called, a reference (so far as local government elections and the right to vote at any such elections are concerned) to local government electors registered under this Act;

(c) to the parliamentary register of electors or to the parliamentary

register or to the register of parliamentary electors or to the register of persons entitled to vote at a parliamentary election, by whatever name called, a reference to the register of parliamentary electors in force by virtue of this Act;

(d) to the local government register of electors, the burgess roll,

the county register, the register of parochial electors, or to the register of persons entitled to vote at a local government election, by whatever name called, a reference to the register of local government electors in force under this Act;

and local government electors registered under this Act shall for all purposes, whether statutory or not, be in the same position as local government electors registered under the Act of 1918.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing sub-paragraph a civilian residence or service register published for any constituency, so far as

D

50

4th Sch. —cont.

46 & 47 Vict, c. 51.

Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

it relates to parliamentary electors, shall be deemed to continue in force (notwithstanding that it will not be used for parliamentary elections) until a new civilian residence or service register comes into force for that constituency, and the reference in that sub-paragraph to parliamentary electors registered under the principal Act or this Act shall be construed accordingly.

(3) This paragraph shall not apply in relation to any time after the date of the coming into force of a new register prepared under section eleven of the Act of 1918, except for the purpose of any parliamentary election at which the time fixed for nomination falls before that date.

(4) Nothing in this paragraph shall have the effect of applying in relation to any register of local government electors under this Act any of the provisions of Part II of or the First Schedule to the Act of 1918.

2. Any corrupt and illegal practices list required to be published annually by section thirty-nine of the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, shall be published with the electors lists for any business premises register prepared under Part. Ill of this Act, and not with any other register so prepared.

3. Nothing in subsection (2) of section eight of the National Registration Act, 1939, (which penalises the improper disclosure by persons employed for the purposes of that Act of information acquired in the course of their employment), shall make it an offence to furnish information as to the National Register required for the purposes of the Act of 1943 or Part III of this Act in accordance with national registration regulations; but the said subsection (2) shall apply to any such information acquired by persons exercising functions or employed for the purposes of the Act of 1943 or Part III of this Act as if the exercise of those functions or that employment, as the case may be,- were employment for the purposes of the said Act of 1939.

4. Where a registration officer is the clerk of a county council, any sums payable to him for his personal remuneration as registration officer in connection with the registration of electors under the Act of 1943 or Part III of this Act shall be dealt with under subsection (2) of section ninety-nine of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which provides among other things that the clerk of a county council shall account to the county fund for all fees and, costs payable to him except fees and costs excluded when his salary is determined), in the same way as, in his case, any sums payable for his personal remuneration in connection with the registration of electors under the Act of 1918 would be dealt with under the said subsection (2).

5. The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Schedule may be varied or supplemented by electoral registration regulations.

1945*

Representation of the People

Act, 1945.

Ch. 5.

5i

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

ENACTMENTS REPEALED.

Section 40.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 64.

The Representation of the. People Act, 1918.

18 A 19 Geo. 5. The Representation of c. 12. of the People (Equal

Franchise) Act, 1928.

In Rule 2 of the First Schedule the words the names of those who are entitled to vote as parliamentary electors but not as local government electors ", except as respects Northern Ireland.

So much of section one as inserts in the Act of 1918 a new paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section one, so much of section two as inserts in that Act a new paragraph [c) of and proviso (iii) to section three, and

so much of section seven as inserts in that Act a new sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph (3) of section forty-three, except as respects the cases mentioned in the proviso to section two of this

Act.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 115.

4 A 5 Geo. 6. c. 3.

4 A 5 Geo. 6.

c. 49-

5 A 6 Geo. 6. c. 38.

6 A 7 Geo. 6. c. 48.

The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939.

The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1940.

The Local Elections and Register of Electors* (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941.

The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1942.

The Parliamentary Electors (War-Time Registration) Act, 1943.

The whole Act, except section nine and section three as it* applies for the purposes of section nine.

The whole Act, except section two and except in so far as it amends section three of the last mentioned Act as that section applies in Northern Ireland.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

In subsection (4) of section one the words from the beginning of the subsection to " business premises register ".

Paragraph (6) of subsection (1) and subsection (2) of section six, except as respects the cases mentioned in the proviso to section two of this Act.

52 Ch. 5. Representation of the People 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

5TH SCB. —coni.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

6 A 7 Geo. 6. c. 48—coni. The Parliamentary Electors (War-Time Registration) Act, 1943— coni. In paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section twelve, the words "and business premises register", and paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of that section. Subsections (2) and (4) of section fourteen, except as respects registration expenses incurred and fees and other sums received before the eighth day of May, nineteen hundred and forty-five, and except as respects Northern Ireland.

Subsections (1) and (2) of section nineteen, and in subsection (5) of that section the words "a register of electors

_ _ 11

or .

Subsection (2) of section twenty-one.

Subsection (2) of section twenty-four.

The Third Schedule, except that paragraphs 1 to 3 shall continue to have effect for the period and in the cases mentioned in the proviso to subsection (2) of section twenty-four of this Act.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 2.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 41.

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 3.

The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1943.

The House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1944.

The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1944.

The whole Act except section two.

Subsection (2) of section three. Sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph (1) of rule 8 of the Third Schedule.

The whole Act.

I945-

Nurses Ac, 1945.

Ch. 6.

53

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to exclude county and district nursing associations and other similar organizations from the operation of Part II of the Nurses Act, 1943, and Part II of the Nurses (Scotland) Act, 1943.

[15th February 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In Part II of the Nurses Aet, 1943 (which imposes certain Amendment requirements on persons carrying on agencies for the supply of definition of nurses), the expression " agency for the supply of nurses " shall th^simplyof not include the business carried on by any county or district nurses nursing association or other similar organization, being an 6 a 7. Geo. 6. association or organization established and existing wholly or c. 17. mainly for the purpose of providing patients with the services of a nurse to visit them in their homes without herself taking up.her

residence there.

2. In Part II of the Nurses (Scotland) Act, 1943 (which imposes The expression certain requirements on persons carrying on agencies in Scotland " agency for for the supply of nurses), the expression " agency for the supply of nurses " shall not include the business carried on by any county to include or district nursing association or other similar organization, certain asso-being an association or organization— ciations and

organizations

(a) established and existing wholly or mainly for the purpose in Scotland, of providing patients with the services of a nurse to 6 A 7 Geo. 6. visit them in their homes without herself taking upc- 33-residence there; or

(&) mainly or substantially supported by voluntary subscriptions and providing patients with the services of a nurse whether or not the nurse takes up residence in the patient’s house.

3. This Act may be cited as the Nurses Act, 1945, and the Short title and Nurses Acts, 1919 and 1943, and section one of this Act may be citation, cited together as the Nurses Acts, 1919 to 1945, and the Nurses (Scotland) Acts, 1919 and 1943, and section two of this Act may be cited together as the Nurses (Scotland) Acts, 1919 to 1945.

54 Ch. 7. India (Estate Duty) 9 Geo. 6.

* Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to authorize the imposition of estate duties in India and to make provision as to the distribution of the net proceeds thereof.

[7 th March 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Power to impose, and distribution of proceeds of, estate duty.

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 2.

1.—(1) In the Seventh Schedule to the Government of India Act, 1935, after paragraph 56 of the Federal Legislative List there shall be inserted the following paragraph :—

" 56A. Estate duty in respect of property other than agricultural land ";

and after paragraph 43 of the Provincial Legislative List, there shall be inserted the following paragraph :—

" 43A. Estate duty in respect of agricultural land ".

(2) In section one hundred and thirty seven, of the said Act (which provides for the distribution to the Provinces of the proceeds of certain taxes) after the words "Duties in respect of succession to property other than agricultural land," there shall be inserted the words "estate duty in respect of property other than agricultural land,".

(3) In subsection (2) of section three hundred and eleven of the said Act, before the definitiort of " existing Indian law " there shall be inserted the following definition:—

" estate duty ’ means a duty to be assessed on or by reference to the principal value, ascertained in accordance with such rules as may be prescribed by or under the Federal or Provincial laws relating to the duty, o' all property passing upon death or deemed, under the provisions of the said laws, so to pass ".

Short title and 2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the India (Estate Duty) printing. Act, 1945.

(2) A copy of the Government of India Act, 1935, giving effect to:—

(a) the amendments mentioned in subsection (2) of section

7 & 8 Geo. 6. six of the India (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1944;

c- 38- and

(b) the amendments made by this Act

shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments, and deposited with the Rolls of Parliament, and His Majesty’s printer shall print in accordance with the copy so certified all copies of the Government of India Act, 1935, which are printed after the said copy has been so prepared, certified and deposited.

1945-

Ch. 8.

55

Road Transport Lighting (Cycles) Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to make obligatory the carrying by bicycles and tricycles not propelled by mechanical power of rear lamps, red reflectors and white surfaces during the hours of darkness, and to relax temporarily, as respects such vehicles when stationary owing to the exigencies of the traffic or in order to comply with any traffic signal or direction, the obligation to show lights.

[7th March 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Paragraph (6) of section five of the Road Transport Cesser of lighting Act, 1927 (which exempts bicycles and tricycles not exemption, propelled by mechanical power from the obligation imposed by of, that Act to carry lamps showing red lights to the rear if there are attached thereto unobscured and efficient red reflectors), and, tion to carry in subsection (1) of section nineteen of the Road Traffic Act, 1934 rear lamps, (which empowers the Minister of War Transport to provide by 17 18 Geo. 5

regulations, in the case of bicycles not propelled by mechanical c* 37-power and other vehicles to or on which red reflectors are *25 Gco*5 attached or carried, that the provisions of the said Act ofc’ 5°’

1927 which exempt any such vehicles from the obligation to show a red light to the rear shall not have effect unless there is also exhibited on the vehicle a white surface in accordance with the regulations), the words "bicycles not propelled by mechanical power and other ", are hereby repealed.

2.—(1) At the end of the said section five there shall be added Pedal cycles

the following subsection :— to,rai7y .

reflectors and

" (2) Every bicycle and tricycle not propelled by mechani- exhibit white cal power shall, while on any road during the hours of surfaces, darkness as defined by subsection (4) of section one of this Act,—

(a) carry attached thereto an unobscured and efficient red reflector; and

(6) exhibit thereon a white surface in accordance with regulations made by the Minister,

and it shall be the duty of any person who causes or permits any such bicycle or tricycle as aforesaid to be on any road

56

Ch. 8.

£oai Trm*9port UghOmg 8 & 9 Gso. 6. (Cydes) Ad, 1945.

daring the hoars of darkness as defined as aforesaid to provide the bicycle or tricycle with a red reflector and white surface in acccwdance with the requirements of this subsection and of any regulations made under this Act

(2) At the end of the proviso to section ten of the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927 (which provides that a person driving or being in charge of a vehicle who is charged with an offence under that Act shall not be convicted if he proves that the offence arose through the negligence or default of some other person whose duty it was to provide the vehicle with a lamp or lamps), there shall be added die words " or, in the case of a bicycle or tricycle not propelled by mechanical power, a red reflector or a white surface

(3) This section shall come into operation on such day as the Minister of War Transport may by order appoint, and different days may be appointed as respects the provisions thereof relating to red reflectors and as respects the provisions thereof relating to white surfaces.

Temporary relaxation, in

case of pedal cycles stationary owing to traffic, of obligation to •how lights.

3. Notwithstanding anything in the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927, or in section one of this Act, until such day as the Minister of War Transport may by order appoint, it shall not be necessary for a bicycle or tricycle not propelled by mechanical power to show the lights required by die said Act of 1927, as amended by this Act, to be shown, if the bicycle or tricycle is stationary owing to the exigencies of the traffic or in order to comply with any traffic signal or direction:

Provided that this section shall not have effect unless the bicycle or tricycle is as near as possible to the near or left-hand edge of the carriage-way.

Short title, 4,—(1) This Act may be cited as the Road Transport Lighting

dtetion and (Cycles) Act, 1945, and the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927, and tins Act may be cited together as the Road Transport Lighting Acts, 1927 and 1945. 2

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1945-

Export Guarantees

Act, 1945.

57

Ch. 9.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to increase the limits imposed by the Export Guarantees Act, 1939, upon the liability which may be undertaken by guarantees given under section one of that Act; to provide for the giving of guarantees for the purpose of encouraging the participation of the United Kingdom in external trade transactions; and for purposes connected therewith.

[7th March 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The limits imposed by subsection (1) of section two Amendments of the Export Guarantees Act, 1939 (in this Act referred to 33 Se^noount 0° " the principal Act ") on the aggregate amounts of the liability guarantees at any time of the Board of Trade in respect of guarantees given under s. 1 of under section one of that Act and under the Export Guarantees 2 & 3 Geo. 6-Act, 1937, and the enactments repealed by the last-mentioned Act, c* 5* shall be increased as follows:— \ Gea 6. c. 61

(a) the limit in respect of all such guarantees shall be increased from seventy-five million pounds to two hundred million pounds;

(b) the limit in respect of guarantees given under subsection

(2) of the said section one (which enables guarantees to be given in connection with the export, or an agreement for the export, of goods to any country) being guarantees given in connection with the export, or agreements for the export, of goods not being home-produced goods, shall be increased from seven million five hundred thousand pounds to fifteen million pounds;

(c) the limit in respect of guarantees given under subsection

(4) of the said section one (which enables guarantees to be given for other purposes conducive to the establishing or encouraging of trade, or any branch of trade, between the United Kingdom and any country) shall be increased from two million five hundred thousand pounds to five million pounds. 2 *

(2) Subsection (2) of the said section two (which provides that

the liability of the Board of Trade in respect of a guarantee to be

given under subsection (2) of the said section one in connection with the execution outside the United Kingdom of works or services in connection with home-produced goods exported or

58

Ch. 9.

Export Guarantees

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

agreed 10 be exported shall not exceed an amount equal to one-third of the price of those goods) shall not apply to any such guarantee given after the commencement of this Act.

2.—(1) If it appears to the Board of Trade, after consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council, that it is expedient so to do for the purpose of encouraging the participation of the United Kingdom in external trade transactions, the Board may, with the consent of the Treasury, make arrangements for giving guarantees in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) Guarantees may be given under this section to, or for the benefit of, any company incorporated under the law of any part of the United Kingdom, or any person (including a company) carrying on business in the United Kingdom, in connection with the sale, or an agreement for sale, of any goods for delivery outside the United Kingdom:

Provided that no guarantees shall be given under this section—

(a) in connection with any transaction in. respect of which a guarantee can be given under section one of the principal Act; or

(b) in connection with the sale, or an agreement for sale, of

manufactured goods of any description unless in the opinion of the Board the guarantee can be given without detriment to the export trade of the United Kingdom.

(3) A guarantee given under this section may be given upon such terms and conditions as to commission and otherwise as may be determined in accordance with the arrangements made for giving that guarantee.

(4) The aggregate amount of the liability at any time of the Board of Trade in respect of guarantees given under this section shall not exceed the sum of fifteen million pounds, and any such liability shall be included in the aggregate amount of the liability of the Board in respect of which a limit of two hundred million pounds is imposed by subsection (1) of section two of the principal Act as amended by section one of this Act. 5

(5) Section three of the principal Act (which requires the publication of returns in respect of guarantees given under that Act), and subsection (2) of section seven of that Act (which relates to the execution of the functions of the Board under that Act), shall apply in relation to any guarantee given under this section as those provisions apply in relation to guarantees given under the principal Act.

Power to give guarantees in connection with external transactions.

1945-

Export Guarantees

Act, 1945.

Ch. 9.

59

3. —(1) Any increase in the expenses incurred by the Board of Financial Trade under the principal Act by virtue of the provisions of section provisions, one of this Act shall be defrayed in the manner provided by subsection (1) of section six of the principal Act, and any sums received by the Board of Trade in connection with any guarantee

given under that Act as amended by the said section one shall be dealt with in the manner provided by subsection (2) of the said section six.

(2) The provisions of the said section six shall apply in relation to any expenses incurred or sums received by the Board of Trade in connection with guarantees given under section two of this Act, and section three of the Overseas Trade Guarantees Act, 1939 2*3 Geo. 6. (which enables the Board to acquire securities guaranteed under c- 47-the principal Act) shall apply in relation to any securities guaranteed under the said section two.

4. The provisions of the principal Act and of the Overseas Trade Amendments Guarantees Act, 1939, specified in the First Part of the Schedule and repeals, to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments set out

in the second column of that Part (being amendments consequential on the provisions of this Act), and the provisions of those Acts set out in the Second Part of the said Schedule are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Part.

5. This Act may be cited as the Export Guarantees Act, 1945. Short title.

AMENDMENTS AND REPEALS OF 2 & 3 GEO. 6. c. 5. Section 4.

AND c. 47.

SCHEDULE

Part I.

Amendments.

The Export Guarantees Act, 1939 (2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 5.)

Section. Section two

... In subsection (1) after the words "that Act " there shall be inserted the words " and section two of the Export Guarantees Act, 1945"; for the words "seventy-five " there shall be substituted the words "two hundred"; for the words " seven million five hundred thousand " there shall be substituted the words "fifteen million "; for the words two million five hundred thousand " there shall be substituted the words

Amendment.

6o

Ch. 9.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Export Guarantees

Act, 1945.

" five million; and at the end of the subsection there shall be inserted the following paragraph:— " (c) the aggregate amount of such liability in respect of guarantees given under section two of the Export Guarantees Act, 1945, shall not exceed the sum of fifteen million pounds.0

Section three ... After the words "this Act." in the second place where those words occur there shall be inserted the words "and under the Export Guarantees Act, 1945 ".

Section six ... In subsection (1) after the words "that Act " there shall be inserted the words "or under the Export Guarantees Act, 1945 ".

Section seven ... In subsection (2) after the words "that Act " there shall be inserted the words "or the Export Guarantees Act, 1945 ".

The Overseas Trade Guarantees Act, 1939 (2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 47.)

Section three ... After the words "the Export Guarantees Act, 1939 " there shall be inserted the words "or the Export Guarantees Act, 1945 ".

Part II. Repeals.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 5. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 47. The Export Guarantees Act, 1939. The Overseas Trade Guarantees Act, 1939. Subsection (2) of section two. In subsection (3) of section one the words from " Provided that " to the end of the section.

1945-

Compensation of Displaced

Officers ( War Service) Act, 1945.

Ch. 10.

61

CHAPTER 10.

Compensation of Displaced Officers ( Service) Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Application of Act to changes in the functions of local authorities.

2. Compensation of officers of a local authority on war service who are

affected by change of functions.

3. Provisions as to teachers in certain schools.

4. Power to pay compensation in certain additional cases.

5. Power by Order in Council to provide for the compensation of officers

of public authorities and public utility undertakers on war service;

6. Amendment of Fourth Schedule to Local Government Act, 1933,

and section sixteen of Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919.

7. Increase of grants to be defrayed out of moneys provided by

Parliament.

8. Interpretation.

9. Application to Scotland.

10. Provisions as to Northern Ireland.

11. Citation.

Schedule.

An Act to provide for the compensation of persons who have been engaged in war service and are not reemployed or suffer loss of employment, reduction of emoluments or deterioration in their conditions of employment by reason of changes affecting the functions of local or public authorities or public utility undertakers or changes in the management of schools.

[7th March 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. This Act shall apply in any case where— Application

(a) in consequence of any enactment or statutory order ^ange^in the passed or made before or after the passing of this Act functions of (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the special local autho-Act ") or anything done thereunder, any of the following rities. changes (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the change in functions") have occurred in relation to any local or public authority (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the local authority "), namely, that any functions have ceased to be exercisable by the local

62

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

Compensation of officers of a local authority on war service who are affected by change of functions.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 15.

Compensation of Displaced 8 9 Geo. 6.

. Officers (War Service) Act, 1945.

authority (whether as a result of a transfer to another authority-or otherwise) or ^ny functions have been transferred to the local authority from another authority or any functions exercisable by the local authority have been altered; and

the special Apt makes provision for the compensation of affected officers of the local authority who held office immediately before the special Act came into operation, and for that purpose applies or incorporates the Fourth Schedule to the Local Government Act, 1933, with or without modifications or adaptations:

Provided that this section shall not affect the application of section five and section six of this Act.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, if in consequence of the change in functions any officer of the local authority on war service has suffered any direct pecuniary loss by reason that, on ceasing to be engaged in war service, he was not re-employed in his former office or was so re-employed with reduced emoluments, or by reason of the determination of his office or the reduction of his emoluments after he was so re-employed, he shall be entitled to recover compensation for that loss from the local authority:

Provided that no person shall, by virtue of this subsection, be entitled to recover compensation for any loss, if provision is made for compensating him for that loss by or under any other enactment which is for the time being in force except the special Act and the Reinstatement in Civil Employment Act, 1944.

(2) No person shall, by virtue of the last foregoing subsection, be entitled to recover compensation for any loss suffered by him by.reason of his not being re-employed in his former office on ceasing to be engaged in war service unless, within two months from the date on which he ceased to be so engaged or the date of the passing of this Act, whichever is the later, he gives notice in writing that he is available for re-employment to the local authority or, if the local authority have ceased to exist in consequence of the change in functions, to the authority from whom the compensation is recoverable by virtue of subsection (5) of this section:

Provided that, if the officer was prevented from notifying the said authority within the said two months by his sickness or other reasonable cause, the notice may be given as soon as reasonably may be after the expiration of that period.

(3) For the purposes of this section a person—

(a) who on ceasing to be engaged in war service refused an offer of re-employment in his former office on the ground that he would be required to perform duties which are

Ch. 10.

(*>

1945* Compensation of Displaced Ch. io.

Officers ( War Service) Act, 1945.

not analogous to, or which are an unreasonable addition to, those which he was required to perform immediately before the date on which the special Act came into operation, or, in the case of a person engaged in war service on that date, which he would have been required to perform immediately before that date if he had continued to be employed in that office; or

(6) who on ceasing to be engaged in war service was not re-employed in his former office, or was so re-employed with reduced emoluments, because his services were not required or his duties were diminished (no misconduct being established); or

(e) who at any time during the period of five years from the said date or a period of twelve months from the date on which he ceased to be engaged in war service, whichever period last expires, has relinquished any office in the service of the local authority on the ground that he has been required to perform such duties as are referred to in paragraph (a) hereof; or

(d) whose office, being an office in the service of the local authority, has been determined or whose emoluments ' have been reduced during the period of five years from the date on which the special Act came into operation because his services were not required or his duties were diminished (no misconduct being Established);

shall be deemed unless the contrary is shown to have suffered direct pecuniary loss in consequence of the change in functions and by reason of the matters referred to in subsection (1) of this section.

References in paragraph (c) and paragraph (d) of this subsection to the service of the local authority shall, in a case where the change in functions consists in the transfer of functions from the local authority to another local or public authority other than the Crown, be construed as including references to the service of that other authority.

(4) The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to the Local Government Act, 1933, as set out with modifications in the Schedule to this Act, shall have effect in relation to claims for compensation under this section.

(5) Where the special Act provides that the compensation of affected officers of the local authority who held office immediately before the special Act came into operation is to be recoverable from an authority other than the local authority, the compensation recoverable under subsection (1) of this section shall be recoverable from that other authority, and accordingly references in the Schedule to this Act to the local authority shall be construed

64 Ch. io. Compensation of Displaced 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Officers (War Service) Act, 1945.

as references to that other authority, and it shall be the duty of the local authority on receiving a notification under subsection (2) of this section, to notify the contents thereof to that other authority and state whether or not the local authority propose to re-employ the officer concerned.

(6) Where any person is entitled to claim compensation under this section and under the special Act in respect of the same loss, he shall be entitled to claim compensation either under this section or under the special Act but not under both.

Provisions as 3.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section,

to teachers in jf consequence of any school becoming a special agreement ?^nGeo°6 8 sc*100* er a controlled school, or in consequence of the discontinues 3I. ’ ance within six years after the passing of the Education Act, 1944,

of any school maintained by a local education authority, any person who, at the date when the school became a special agreement or a controlled school, or before the school was discontinued, as the case may be, was engaged in war service, having ceased to be a teacher in that school in order to be so engaged, has suffered direct pecuniary loss by reason that, on ceasing to be engaged in war service, he was not re-employed as a teacher in the school, or was so re-employed with reduced emoluments, or by reason of the determination of his appointment or the reduction of his emoluments after he was so re-employed, he shall be entitled to recover compensation for that loss from the local education authority:

Provided that no person shall, by virtue of this subsection, be entitled to recover compensation for any loss, if provision is made for compensating him for that loss by or under any other enactment which is for the time being in force except the Reinstatement in Civil Employment Act, 1944.

(2) Subsections (2) and (4) of the last foregoing section and the Schedule to this Act shall apply to claims for compensation under this section as they apply to claims for compensation under that section, subject to. the modifications that references to subsection (1) of that section shall be construed as references to subsection (1) of this section and the references to the local authority shall be construed as references to the local education authority.

4.—(1) Where any person has been engaged in war service and it appears to the authority to whom any claim for compensation under section two or section three of this Act would be made by that person that he would have been entitled to claim such compensation but for the fact that his war service came to an end before the date on which the special Act came into operation or, as the case may be, the school became a special agreement school or a controlled school or was discontinued, the authority may, if

Power to pay compensation in certain additional

cases.

1945- Compensation of Displaced Ch. io. 65

Officers ( War Service) Act, 1945.

in all the circumstances of the case it considers it just to do so, pay the like compensation as if his war service had continued until the said date.

(2) Any person applying for compensation by virtue of this section shall make a claim therefor in accordance with the Schedule to this Act, but shall include in the statement delivered with the claim such further particulars as may be prescribed, and the said Schedule (and in particular paragraph 8 thereof which gives a right of appeal to the Minister) shall apply in relation to the authority’s decision on the claim in like manner as in the case of decisions on other claims.

5.—(1) Where it appears to His Majesty that, in the case of any Power by change affecting the exercise of functions of any public authority °rder *n or public utility undertakers (not being a case to which the fore-going provisions of this Act apply), any enactment or statutory the compen-order makes provision for the compensation of affected officers sation of of the authority or undertaking who hold office before any such officers of change occurs, and that it is expedient to make provision for the rit^and^0 compensation of persons who have been engaged in war service put^futility and have not been re-employed or have suffered loss of employment, undertakers* reduction of emoluments or deterioration in their conditions of on war employment by reason of any such change, he may by Order service-’ in Council make provision for the compensation of the last mentioned persons similar to the provision made by the foregoing provisions of this Act for the compensation of officers of local authorities on war service.

Any such Order in Council may make provision as respects changes in functions occurring before or after the date of the Order.

(2) Every Order in Council made under this section shall be laid as soon as may be before Parliament, and if an Address is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament, within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such Order is laid before it, praying that the Order be annulled, His Majesty in Council may annul the Order and it shall thereupon cease to have effect, but without prejudice to the validity of anything done thereunder in the meantime or to the making of a new Order.

In reckoning the said period of forty days, no account shall be taken of any time* during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(3) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not 56 & 57 Vict,

apply to any Order in Council made under this section. c* 66-

(4) Any Order in Council made under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order made in like manner.

E

66

Ch. io.

Amendment of Fourth Schedule to Local Government Act, 1933. and section sixteen of Electricity (Supply) Act,

1919.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 100.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 94.

Increase of grants to be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Interpretation.

' Compensation of Displaced 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Officers ( War Service) , 1945.

6. —(1) Any period during which a person has been engaged in war service shall be reckoned for the purposes of the Fourth Schedule to the Local Government Act, 1933, as applied by or incorporated, with or without modifications or adaptations, in any enactment or statutory order (except this Act or any other enactment or order which contains a provision to the like effect as this section), as a period of service in his office, and where any such period is so reckoned, his emoluments during that period shall, for the purposes of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 4 of the said Schedule as so applied or incorporated, be deemed to be such as he would have received if he had not been engaged in war service.

(2) Section sixteen of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919 (which provides among other matters for the reckoning of certain kinds of war service as service under the authorised undertakers), as amended by any subsequent enactment, and the said section as so amended and as applied, with or without modifications or adaptations, by any subsequent enactment, shall have effect as if the reference to 7 the present war " or to " the war " included a reference to " the period of the present emergency " as defined by the Local Government Staffs (War Service) Act, 1939.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the first day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine.

7. Any increase ascribable to the provisions of this Act in any grant payable by any Minister of the Crown shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

8.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them:—

" emoluments " includes all salary, wages, fees, poundage and other payments paid or made to an officer as such for his own use, including the money value of any apartments, rations or other allowances in kind appertaining to his office, but does not include payments for overtime or any sum paid to him to cover travelling expenses, cost of office accommodation, assistance of deputies, or clerical, or other assistance;

" enactment " includes an enactment in a local or personal Act;

" office" means any place, situation or employment, and the expression "officer" shall be construed accordingly;

" the Minister" means the Minister of Health :

Provided that the said expression—

(a) in a case where the special Act substitutes for the purposes of the Fourth Schedule to the Local

*945•

Compensation of Displaced

Officers ( War Service) Act, 1945.

Ch. 10.

67

Government Act, 1933, any other Minister for the Minister of Health, means that other Minister;

(b) in a case to which section three or section four of this Act applies, being a case relating to a school, means the Minister of Education;

" officer of the local authority on war service" means a person who at the date when the special Act caine into operation was engaged in war service, having ceased to be an officer of the local authority in order to be so engaged or who, being an officer of that authority at that date, ceased on or after that date to be an officer of that authority in order to be so engaged :

Provided that, in the application of this Act in a case where the change in functions arose in consequence of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act* 1944, references in this definition to an officer shall be construed as referring only to officers employed in a whole-time capacity wholly or mainly on or in connection with the giving of advice or education on agricultural matters, and this definition shall only include persons who have, between the twenty-third day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and the day appointed by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries under section one of the said Act, been continuously employed in a wholetime capacity in local government service (within the meaning of the said Act) or, while not so employed, been engaged in a whole-time capacity in war service or partly engaged in war service and partly employed in such local government service;

" prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister;

" public utility undertakers" means any persons authorised by any enactment or order to -carry on any railway, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, gas, electricity or water undertaking;

" statutory order" means any order or scheme made under an enactment;

" war service " has the same meaning as in the Local Government Staffs (War Service) Act, 1939:

Provided that, in a case where the said expression has a different meaning in the special Act or in any such enactment or statutory order as is referred to in section five of this Act, it shall have the same meaning in this Act.

(2) References in this Act to the re-employment of any person with reduced emoluments shall be construed as referring

’ & 8 Geo. 6. 28.

68 Ch. io. Compensation of Displaced 8 & Geo. 6.

Officers (War Service) Act, 1945.

to re-employment *with emoluments less than those which he •would have received in respect of employment in his former office or, as the case may be, employment as a teacher immediately before the date on which he ceased to be engaged in war service if he had continued to be so employed until that date.

(3) Where the special Act provides for appointing a day which, for the purposes of the provisions relating to the compensation of officers, is substituted for the date on which the special Act comes into operation, references in this Act to the said date shall be construed as referring to the said appointed day.

Application to Scotland.

52 & 5$ Vict, c. 50.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 47.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 25.

9. This Act shall, in its application to Scotland, have effect subject to the. following modifications—

(a) for references to the Minister of Health there shall be ' substituted references to the Secretary of State;

(b) for references to the Fourth Schedule to the Local Govern-

ment Act, 1933, there shall be substituted references to the provisions of section one hundred and twenty of the Local Government ' (Scotland) Act, 1889, or of the Second Schedule to the Rating (Scotland) Act, 1926, and paragraph (i) of subsection (1) of section seven of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929;

(c) in section two, for subsection (4) there shall be substituted

the following subsection—

" (4) The provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to claims for compensation under this section/'';

(d) in subsection (1) of section six for the words " sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 4 of the said Schedule " there shall be substituted the words "the said provisions ";

(e) in paragraph 1 of the Schedule the reference to a justice

of the peace shall be conkrued as including a reference to the convener or vice-convener of a county council, to the provost or acting chief magistrate of a burgh or to the chairman of a district Council; and

(f) the provisions of paragraph (i) of subsection (1) of section seven of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, , shall have effect in relation to the computation of the service of an officer for the purposes of the Schedule to this Act.

Provisions 10.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Government of

Northern Ireland Act, 1920, the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall have Ireland. power to make laws, as respects officers of local and public 10 & 11 Geo. 5. authorities and public utility undertakers in Northern Ireland c. 67. and as respects teachers in Northern Ireland, for purposes similar

to the purposes of this Act.

1945-

Compensation of Displaced

Officers (War Service) Act, 1945.

Ch. 10.

69

(2) This Act, except the last foregoing subsection, shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

11. This Act may be cited as the Compensation of Displaced Citation. Officers (War Service) Act, 1945.

SCHEDULE. Section 2.

I.—(1) For the purpose of enabling a claim for compensation to Procedure for be assessed, the claimant shall deliver to the local authority with the claimin8 . claim a statement containing such particulars as may be prescribed,

(2) The said statement shall be accompanied by a statutory declaration that it is a true statement to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the claimant.

(3) The authority shall forthwith take the claim into consideration and assess the just amount of compensation, if any, and shall forthwith inform the claimant of their decision.

(4) If a local authority fail to inform any claimant of their decision on his claim within six months after it has been delivered to them, the Minister may, on application made to him by the claimant, direct the authority to do so within such time, not being less than one month, as may be specified in the direction.

(5) A claimant, if so required by any member of the local authority by notice sent through the clerk of the authority, shall attend at a meeting of the authority, or of any committee appointed by the authority for the purpose, and answer on oath, which any justice of the peace present may administer, all questions asked by any member of the authority or committee touching the matters set forth in his claim and in the said statement, and shall further produce all books, papers and documents in his possession or under Ins control relating to the claim.

2. For the purpose of determining whether compensation is payable General to an officer and, if so, the amount of such compensation, regard shall considerations be had to— to applied.

(a) the conditions upon which his appointment was made;

(b) the nature of his office;

(c) all the other circumstances of the case.

3. Compensation may be awarded either by way of an annual Power to award sum or by way of a lump sum representing the capital value of an J>OI^n^lftl°n annual sum. lumpYum in

certain cases.

70 Ch. io. Compensation of Displaced 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Officers ( W Service) Act, 1945.

4.—(1) The annual sum payable as compensation in respect of the loss of a whole-time office shall not exceed the aggregate of the following sums—

(i) for every year of the officer’s service one-sixtieth of an amount

equal to the annual pecuniary loss which he has sustained by reason of the loss of the office; '

(ii) in the case of service for twenty years or upwards, a sum equal to ten-sixtieths of the said amount;

in the case of service for fifteen years and less than twenty years, a sum equal to seven-sixtieths of the said amount;

in the case of service for ten years and less than fifteen years, a sum equal to five-sixtieths of the said amount;

in the case of service for five years and less than ten years, a sum equal to three-sixtieths of the said amount;

in the -case of service for less than five years, a sum equal to one-sixtieth of the said amount; and

(iii) in the case of an officer who was appointed as a specially qualified person or who before his appointment had been employed (otherwise than in an office within the meaning of this Schedule) as a deputy, assistant or clerk by a permanent officer for the purpose of the discharge of the latter’s official duties, such additional sum, if any, not exceeding ten-sixtieths of the said amount, as the local authority in their discretion and in consideration of his special qualifications or of his previous employment, as the case may be, may think fit to award:

Provided that the compensation shall not in any event exceed two-thirds of the said amount.

(2) In assessing the amount of any pecuniary loss sustained by an officer by reason of the loss of his office, regard shall be had as respects any emoluments either—

(a) to the amount of the emoluments which he received in respect of that office immediately before the material date or, in the case of an officer who, on ceasing to be engaged in war service, was not re-employed in his former office, to the amount of the emoluments which he would have received in respect of that office immediately before the material date if he had continued to be employed in that office until that date; or

(b) to the average amount of the emoluments which he received or would have received as aforesaid in respect of that office during the period of five years next before the said date or such shorter period as may be reasonable in the circumstances.

(3) In assessing the amount of any pecuniary loss sustained by an officer by reason of the loss of his office, regard shall also be had to—

(a) any increase of the emoluments enjoyed by the officer at the material date which he has obtained by virtue of the special Act or of anything done in pursuance of or in consequence of the special Act; and

Assessment of compensation for loss of whole-time, office.

1945* Compensation of Displaced Ch. io.

Officers (War Service) , 1945.

(b) the emoluments of any office or other public appointment which he would have-obtained on or after the material date if he had accepted an offer made to him.

(4) For the purpose of assessing any compensation payable in respect of the loss of a whole-time office or of any two or more offices which in the aggregate involve the whole-time service of the officer, any previous period of part-time service shall be treated as though it were whole-time service for a proportionately reduced period.

(5) Where the material date has occurred at any time other than at the expiration of a complete year of the officer’s service, the portion then expired of that year shah, for the purpose of calculating any period of service under this paragraph, be treated as a complete year if it exceeds six months, and if it does not shall be ignored.

5. In the case of a claim for compensation in respect of the loss of a part-time office, the compensation, if any, which would have been payable if the office had been a whole-time office may be reduced by one quarter or by such other amount, if any, as may in the circumstances be reasonable:

Provided that no reduction shall be made in the case of an officer who immediately before the material date held two or more part-time offices and devoted the whole of his time to the duties of such offices.

6. In the case of an officer who suffers any reduction of the emoluments of an office, the compensation shall not exceed a sum bearing the same proportion to the amount of compensation which could have been awarded if he had lost his office,.as the amount by which the emoluments of the office are reduced bears to the amount of those emoluments without reduction.

7. —(1) If an officer was temporarily absent from his office during the late war whilst serving in His Majesty’s forces, or the forces of the Allied or Associated Powers, either compulsorily or with the sanction or permission of the authority in whose employment he was .immediately before such temporary absence, such period of temporary absence shall be reckoned as a period of service in his office:

Provided that in the case of an officer who, after the eleventh day of November, nineteen hundred and eighteen, voluntarily extended his term of service in the forces, no period of absence during any such extension shall be reckoned.

(2) Any period during which an officer has been engaged in war service within the meaning of the Local Government Staffs (War Service) Act, 1939, shall be reckoned as a period of service in his office.

8. If the claimant is aggrieved by the failure of the local authority to inform him of their decision upon his claim within the time required by any direction of the Minister, or by the refusal of the authority to grant any compensation, or by the amouht of compensation assessed, the claimant may, within three months after the failure, or after the date on which he receives notice of the decision of the authority, as the case may be, appeal to the Minister, and the Minister shall consider the case and determine whether any compensation, and if so what amount, ought to be granted to the claimant, and his determination shall be final.

71

1

Assessment of compensation for loss of part-time appointment.

Assessment of compensation for reduction of emoluments.

War service to be reckoned in determining compensation.

Right of appeal.

72

Date on which

compensation

commences.

Suspension of compensation.

Forms.

Interpretation.

Ch. io. Compensation of Displaced 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Officers (War Service) Act, 1945.

9. The sum payable as compensation shall be or commence to be payable at the date fixed by the local authority on granting the compensation, or, in case of appeal, by the Minister, and shall be recoverable as a debt due from the authority.

10. —(1) If a person receiving compensation under this Act—

(a) obtains any office or other public appointment; or

(b) receives, by virtue of the special Act, or of anything done in

pursuance of or in consequence of the special Act, any increase of the emoluments which were enjoyed by him at the date as at which the compensation was assessed,

he shall not, so long as he holds that office or other public appointment or receives those increased emoluments, be entitled to receive any greater sum by way of compensation in respect of the office for which compensation is awarded than would make up the amount, if any, by which the emoluments which he is receiving falls short of the emoluments of the office in respect of which compensation was awarded :

Provided that where a person held two or more offices at the date as at which the compensation was assessed or has been awarded compensation in respect of two or more offices, the Minister may, on the application of that person or of any authority by whom the compensation is payable, modify the operation of the foregoing sub-paragraph in relation to that person so far as is, in the opinion of the Minister, necessary in order equitably to meet the circumstances of the case.

(2) Where an officer to whom compensation has been awarded under this Act subsequently becomes entitled to a superannuation allowance in respect of any office or other public appointment which he has accepted after the material date, and in calculating the amount of such allowance account is taken of any period of service in respect of which compensation is payable, then, if the compensation does not exceed such part of the superannuation allowance as is attributable solely to that service, the compensation shall cease to be payable, and if it exceeds such part of the superannuation allowance as aforesaid, it shall be reduced by an amount equal to that part of the allowance.

(3) Where an officer to whom compensation has been awarded under this Act has also recovered, whether before or after the award of compensation under this Act, compensation under the Reinstatement in Civil Employment Act, 1944, the last-named compensation shall be treated for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph as if it were emoluments received by virtue of the special Act during the period of twelve months beginning with the date on which that compensation was recovered.

11. The Minister may prescribe the form of any notice, statement, award or other document to be used in connection with a claim for compensation, and the forms so prescribed or forms as near thereto as circumstances admit, shall be used in all cases to which the forms are applicable.

12. —(1) For the purposes of this Schedule—

" public appointment" means any employment the emoluments of which are payable out of public funds;

1945* Compensation of Displaced Ch. io, ii. 73

Officers ( War Service) Act, 1945.

" service" means whole-time or part-time service in any office after the officer has attained the age of eighteen years;

material date " —

(a) in the case of an officer who, on ceasing to be engaged in war service, was not re-employed in his former office, or was so re-employed with reduced emoluments, means the date on which he ceased to be engaged in war service except that for the purposes of paragraph 5 of this Schedule it means the date on which he became so engaged;

(b) in the case of an officer who, on ceasing to be engaged in

war service, was re-employed in his former office without any reduction of emoluments and whose office has been subsequently determined or whose emoluments have been subsequently reduced means the date on which the determination or reduction of emoluments took effect.

(2) Any reference in this Schedule to the loss of an office or to a reduction of the emoluments of an office shall be construed as referring to a case where the officer, on ceasing to be engaged in war service, was not re-employed in that office or, as the case may be, was re-employed therein with reduced emoluments, as well as to a case where the office was determined or, as the case may be, the emoluments reduced after the officer had been re-employed therein on ceasing to be engaged in war service.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to remove the restriction upon the number of His Majesty's Inspectors of Constabulary that may be appointed under section fifteen of the County and Borough Police Act, 1856, or section sixty-five of the Police (Scotland) Act, 1857; to provide for the appointment of Chief Inspectors for England and Wales and for Scotland respectively; and to amend the law as to the reports upon matters affecting the police which are to be laid annually before Parliament.

[7th March 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The number of inspectors of constabulary that may Amendment of be appointed by His Majesty under section fifteen of the County 19 *° ^ict* and Borough Police Act, 1856, shall be such as a Secretary of c*

State may, with the consent of the Treasury, from time to time

74 Ch. ii, 12. ' Police (His Majesty*s 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Inspectors of Constabulary) Act, 1945.

determine; and of that number one may be appointed as His Majesty’s Chief Inspector of Constabulary for England and Wales.

(2) So much of the said section fifteen as requires a report upon the matters therein mentioned to be made by each of the inspectors appointed thereunder shall cease to have effect, and such report upon those matters as a Secretary of State may direct shall be made to him annually, and copies thereof shall be laid before Parliament.

Amendment of 2.—(1) The number of inspectors of constabulary that may be

20 & 21 Vict, appointed by His Majesty under section sixty-five of the Police c. 72, s. 65. (Scotland) Act, 1857, shall be such as a Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Treasury, from time to time determine; and of that number one may be appointed as His Majesty’s Chief Inspector of Constabulary for Scotland.

(2) So much of the said section sixty-five as requires a report upon the matters therein mentioned to be made by the inspector appointed thereunder shall cease to have effect, and such report upon those matters as a Secretary of State may direct shall be made to him annually, and copies thereof shall be laid before Parliament.

Expenditure. 3. Any additional expenditure incurred by reason of the provisions of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

[Short title.] 4. This Act may be cited as the Police (His Majesty’s Inspectors of Constabulary) Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 12.

Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1945. ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Legislative povyer of Parliament of Northern Ireland as to certain

matters relating to criminal law and procedure.

2. Transfer of functions of departments of Government of Northern

Ireland and Ministers of Northern Ireland.

3. Use of facsimile impressions of obverse of Great Seal of Northern

Ireland.

4. Power of English trustees to invest in Northern Ireland Government

stock at a premium and in stock guaranteed by that Government.

5. Power of Scottish trustees to invest in Northern Ireland Government

stock and stock guaranteed by that Government.

6. Power of Northern Irish trustees to invest in Northern Ireland

Government stock.

1945-

Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous

Provisions) AcU 1945.

Ch. 12,

75

Section.

7. Investment of funds of savings banks in Northern Ireland Govern

ment securities and securities guaranteed by that Government.

8. Winding-up of lunacy fund.

9. Provisions as to charges on registered land.

10. Amendments of Crown Lands Acts.

11. Amendment of Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939.

12. Short title and repeal.

Schedule:

Enactments repealed.

An Act to make miscellaneous amendments in the law applicable to Northern Ireland and, as respects securities issued or guaranteed by the Government of Northern Ireland, to amend certain enactments relating to trustees and saving? banks.

[7th March 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The restrictions imposed by the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, on the power of the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws shall not be construed as precluding that Parliament from enacting, in relation to Northern Ireland, by a law relating to criminal justice or criminal procedure a provision affecting an offence which is, or is connected with, an excepted or reserved matter:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall operate so as to enable the Parliament of Northern Ireland to enact a law affecting the punishment for an offence which is, or is connected with, an excepted or reserved matter, otherwise than by providing for the imposition, generally or in any circumstances, of the same punishment as that which, at the time when that law is enacted, must or may be imposed in England, generally or in those circumstances, as the case may be, for that offence.

Legislative power of Parliament of Northern Ireland as to certain matters relating to criminal law and procedure.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

(2) In this section the expression " excepted or reserved matter" means a matter in respect of which, apart from this section, the Parliament of Northern Ireland has not, under the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, power to make laws.

76

Ch. 12.

Transfer of functions of departments of Government of Northeni Ireland and Ministers of Northern Ireland.

Use of facsimile impressions of obverse of Great Seal of Northern Ireland.

Power of English trustees to invest in Northern Ireland Government stock at a premium and

Northern Ireland (.8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Provisions) Act, 1945.

2. —(1) If it appears to the Governor of Northern Ireland that, in consequence of functions having been transferred by or under an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland from a department of the Government of Northern Ireland or a Minister of Northern Ireland to another such department or Minister, it is expedient that functions conferred on the first-mentioned department or Minister by or under an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, whether passed before or after the passing of this Act (being functions that cannot be transferred by or under an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland), should be transferred to the last-mentioned department or Minister, he may, by Order in Council made with the consent of the Secretary of State, provide for the transfer of the functions so conferred accordingly.

(2) Any such Order in CouAcil may contain such consequential' incidental and supplemental provisions as appear to the Governor of Northern Ireland to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the Order (including provisions amending any Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, whether passed before or after the passing of this Act, or instrument issued under any such Act), and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order of the Governor of Northern Ireland in Council made with the consent of the Secretary of State.

(3) In this section the expression " functions " includes jurisdiction, powers and duties.

3. —(1) The Governor Of Northern Ireland may from time to time cause to be provided a die, of such size as he may direct, having the same device as .the obverse of the Great Seal of Northern Ireland, and a die so provided shall be in his custody.

(2) An impression embossed by means of the die so provided on, or on a wafer or other material attached to, a document of any such class required to be or usually authenticated by, or passed under, the Great Seal of Northern Ireland as is, at the time of the issue of the document, designated for the purposes of this subsection by the Governor of Northern Ireland, shall confer on the document the same validity in all respects as if it had been authenticated by, or passed under, the Great Seal of Northern Ireland. 4

4. —(1) The proviso to subsection (1) of section two of the Trustee Act, 1925 (which restricts the power of a trustee holding upon a trust the execution of which is governed by the law in force in England to purchase at a premium, amongst other stocks, stock referred to in paragraph (q) of subsection (1) of section one of • that Act, that is to say, stock issued in respect of any loan raised by the Government of Northern Ireland, if the stock is liable to

1945- Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous Ch. 12. 77

Provisions) Act, 1945.

be redeemed at par or at some other fixed rate), shall have effect in stock guar-

with the omission of the words "and (9) ". anteed by that

. 2 Government.

(2) Paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section one of the said *5 *16 Geo. 5* Act (which includes, amongst the stocks and securities in which any such trustee as aforesaid may invest trust funds in his hands, securities the interest of which is for the time being guaranteed by Parliament) shall have effect as if the reference to Parliament included a reference to the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

5. Section ten of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921, shall have effect Power of as if there were included in the stocks or securities in the purchase Scottish of which trust funds are authorised by the said section to be f*y2t in invested— Northern

(a) any stock or securities issued in respect of any loan Government raised by the Government of Northern Ireland; and stock and stock

(6) any securities the interest of which is or shall be guaran- b^that^ teed by the Parliament of Northern Ireland. Government.

n & 12 Geo. 5. c. 58.

6.—(i) There shall be included amongst the securities in Power of which a trustee holding upon a trust the execution of which is Northern governed by the law in force in Northern Ireland may, under the ^v^ts^es powers of the Trustee Act, 1893, invest any trust funds in his Northernm hands, stock or securities issued in respect of any loan raised by Ireland the Government of Northern Ireland. Government

stock.

(2) The preceding subsection shall, for the purposes of section 36 & 57 Vict-six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, be deemed to be a c' 53‘ provision of an Act passed before the appointed day within the meaning of that section.

7.—(1) Paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of the Investment of Trustee Savings Banks (Special Investments) Act, 1934 (which funds of includes, amongst the securities in which the National Debt ^Northern S Commissioners may authorise moneys received by the trustees of a Ireland trustee savings bank to be invested, securities the principal and Government interest whereof are charged on the Consolidated Fund whether securities and directly or by virtue of any guarantee, being securities which will j^anteed by mature for payment not later than thirty years after the date of that the investment), shall have effect as if the reference therein to Government, the Consolidated Fund included a reference to the Consolidated 24 & 25 Geo. 5. Fund of Northern Ireland. c* 37*

(2) There shall be included amongst the securities in which

the National Debt Commissioners may invest in pursuance of

section nine of the Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1861, section 24 & 25 Vict.

three of the Savings Bank Investment Act, 1863, and section c* J4-

0 26 & 27 Vict.

c. 25.

78

Ch. 12.

26 & 27 Vict, c. 87.

Winding-up of lunacy fund.

34 & 35 Vict, c. 22.

Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Provisions) Act, 1945.

nineteen of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863, any securities the interest of which is for the time being guaranteed by the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

(3) This section shall extend to the Isle of Man and the .Channel Islands.

8.—(1) As soon as may be after the passing of this Act, the lunacy fund in Northern Ireland shall be wound up and the assets thereof transferred to the Exchequer of Northern Ireland.

(2) All fees and percentages under the Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871, shall, in accordance with directions given by the Treasury, be paid into the Exchequer of the United JCingdom, and the power of the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland intrusted as aforesaid under section one hundred and seventeen of that Act to direct that any expenses incident to the lunacy office in Northern Ireland be paid out of the fees of that office shall cease.

(3) The power of the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland intrusted as aforesaid under section one hundred and twelve of the Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871, to fix fees and rates of percentage—

(a) shall be exercised subject to the concurrence of the Treasury;

(b) shall, as respects rates of percentage, extend to the fixing

thereof (with or without overriding limits as respects the amounts to be payable by any estate) without regard to the rates and limits specified in section one hundred and nine of that Act;

(c) shall, as respects fees, extend to the fixing of fees exceeding the scale in force at the date, of the passing of that Act.

(4) There may be paid to the registrar and to the officers and clerks employed in the lunacy office in Northern Ireland such salaries and travelling and other allowances as the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland intrusted as aforesaid may, with the concurrence of the Treasury, determine. 5

(5) There may be paid to the medical visitors, the legal visitors and the solicitor for minors and persons of unsound mind such remuneration and travelling and other allowances upon such conditions as may from time to time be specified by general order made, with the concurrence of the Treasury, by the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland intrusted as aforesaid, and costs and expenses incurred by any of them in such proceedings instituted pursuant to the provisions of the Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871, and on such scale as may be so specified.

1945* Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous Ch. 12. 79

Provisions) Act, 1945.

(6) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by the Parliament of the United Kingdom—

1

(a) all such salaries, allowances, remuneration, costs and expenses as are mentioned in the two last preceding subsections; and

(b) such other expenses incident to the lunacy office in

Northern Ireland as the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland intrusted as aforesaid may, with the concurrence of the Treasury, direct to be so defrayed.

(7) The power of the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland intrusted as aforesaid under section one hundred and fifteen of the Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871, by special order to order the payment of a superannuation allowance to any registrar, officer or clerk who shall have served for twenty years in the lunacy office in Northern Ireland shall cease.

(8) Nothing in this section shall affect the power of the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland intrusted as aforesaid under section one. hundred and seventeen of the Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871, to direct that any such remuneration or expenditure as is mentioned in that section shall be borne by a particular estate.

(9) References in this section to the registrar, the medical visitors, the legal visitors and the solicitor for minors and persons of unsound mind are references respectively to the registrar, the medical visitors, the legal visitors and the solicitor for minors and persons of unsound mind referred to in the Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871, and in this section the expression " the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland intrusted as aforesaid " has the same meaning as it has for the purposes of that Act.

9.—(1) Where a person is registered (whether before or after the Provisions as passing of this Act) under the Local Registration of Title (Ireland)to charges on Act, 1891, as the owner of a charge on land for the payment of any ^tered principal sum of money with or without interest, the following 54 &* 55 vict. provisions shall have effect:— c. 66.

(a) when payment of the principal sum charged has become due, the registered owner of the charge or his personal representative may apply to the Court in a summary manner for possession of the land or any part thereof, and on the application the Court may, if it thinks proper so to do, order possession Qf the land or that part thereof to be delivered to the applicant, and the applicant, upon

8o

Ch. 12.

54 & 55 Vict, c. 45.

3 Edw. 7. c. 37. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 34.

Amendments of Crown Lands Acts.

10 Geo. 4. c. 50.

Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Provisions) Act, 1945.

obtaining possession of the land or that part thereof, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be a mortgagee in possession;

(6) upon the registration, under subsection (6) of section forty of the said Act, as owner of the land, of the transferee from the registered owner of the charge, the charge and all estates, interests, burdens and entries inferior thereto shall be discharged :

Provided that nothing in paragraph (b) of this subsection shall operate so as to discharge any entry on the register relating to a right conferred or defined by regulations under section four of the Turbary (Ireland) Act, 1891, or under section twenty-one of the Irish Land Act, 1903, as extended by section twenty-six of the Northern Ireland Land Act, 1925 (which relate to turbary).

(2) The provisions of this section shall be in addition to, and not in derogation of, the provisions of section forty of the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891.

(3) This section shall be construed as one with the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891.

10. The following enactments, namely :—

section seventy of the Crown Lands Act, 1829 (which requires the transmission to, and preservation in, the Office of Record in Ireland in which the original rentals or rent rolls of the King’s rents shall be preserved, of duplicates of such conveyances, leases, grants, deeds and instruments as are mentioned in that section);

section eighty-eight of that Act (which requires every person appointed in Ireland to be a receiver of the issues, revenues and profits of the possessions and land revenues of the Crown to return yearly into the Office of Public Records in Ireland wherein the two-penny books of the collection of Crown rents theretofore returned pursuant to the Act of the Parliament of Ireland mentioned in that section are or shall be deposited, the books in which he enters the receipts or acquittances given by him for rents, and the preservation of those books in that Office);

section ninety-four of that Act (which, in the case of the award on a submission to arbitration of any such dispute, doubt or difference as is mentioned in that section touching or concerning land in Ireland, requires the enrolment of the award in the Office of Record in Ireland referred to in the said section seventy); and

1945-

Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act, 1945.

Ch. 12.

81

section twelve of the Crown Lands Act, 1894 (which, amongst 57 & 58 Vict-

other things, requires the deposit in the Public Record c- 43-

Office in Dublin of a duplicate of any order or instrument

apportioning any rent under section sixty-eight of the

Landed Estates Court (Ireland) Act, 1858); 21 & 22 Vict.

. c. 72.

shall have effect with the substitution for references in those enactments to the said Office of Record, the said Office of Public Records and the Public Record Office in Dublin respectively of references to the Public Record Office of Northern Ireland.

11. The Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, shall have effect Amendment of as if the following subsection were added at the end of section Compensation eighteen thereof:! . £«

" (4) Sections seven and nine of this Act shall have effect, 2 & 3 Geo. 5. in their application to proceedings in Northern Ireland c- 75-before a tribunal constituted under this Act, as if for references to the Lord Chancellor and to the High Court there were respectively substituted references to the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland and to the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland". • *

12.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Northern Ireland Short title (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1945. repea1'

(2) The enactments set out in the first and second columns of Part I of the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule as from the passing of this Act, and the enactment set Gut in the first and second columns of Part II of the Schedule to this Act is hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule as from the coming into force of the order first made under section one hundred and twelve of the Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871, fixing rates of percentage which provides for payment of percentages without overriding limits as respects the amounts to be payable by any estate or subject to overriding limits as respects,those amounts differing from the limits specified in section one hundred and nine of that Act.

F

82

CH. 12.

Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Provisions) Act, 1945.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Part I.

Section 12 ENACTMENTS REPEALED AS FROM THE PASSING OF THIS ACT.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

34 & 35 Vict. The Lunacy In section two, in the definition of

c. 22. . Regulation " the Bank of Ireland ", the words

(Ireland) Act, 1871. " save such as regard the lodgment of moneys to the credit of the lunacy fund herein-after mentioned ". In section one hundred and ten, the words " and the separate credit of

the lunacy fund ".

• 1 Edw. 7. c. 17 The Lunacy In section one hundred and twelve, the words " but not to rates higher than those respectively hereinbefore prescribed " and the words from " provided always " to the end of the section. Sections one hundred and fifteen and one hundred and sixteen. In section one hundred and seventeen, the words from " any expenses incident " to " the lunacy office, and also that ". In section four, the words " and one

(Ireland) Act, 1901. hundred and fifteen ".

10 & n Geo. 5. The Government Section thirty-three.

c. 67. of Ireland Act,

15 & 16 Geo. 5. 1920. The Trustee Act, In the proviso to subsection (1) of

c. 19. | T925. section two, the words " and (^) ".

1945- Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous Ch. 12, 13. 83

Provisions) Act, 1945.

Part II.

Enactment Repealed as from coming into operation of Order first made under s. 112 of Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871, fixing rates of percentage which provides for payment, of percentages without overriding limits as respects amounts payable or subject to

OVERRIDING LIMITS DIFFERING FROM THOSE MENTIONED IN s. 109 OF THAT Act.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

34 & 35 Vict, c. 22. The Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871. In section one hundred and nine, the words from " according to the several rates following " to " one hundred and fifty pounds ".

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to apply'certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-five and one thousand nine hundred and forty-six.

[28th March 1945.]

Most^ Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—•"

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund Issueo{ of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the JJ^SJcon-supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-five, the sum of eight million, nine hundred and thirty318* "* I945* thousand, seven hundred and forty-three pounds.

.F 2

Ch. 13, 14. Consolidated Fund (No. 3) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-six, the sum of two hundred and forty-one million, nine hundred and twenty-six thousand, three hundred pounds.

Power for 3.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the

the Treasury issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England to orrow. and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole two hundred and fifty million, eight hundred and fifty-seven thousand, and forty-three pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-six, and section

40 & 41 Vict, six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal " c. 2. of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per

• centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

[Short title.] 4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1945.

84

Issue of £241,026,300 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service

CHAPTER 14.

Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1945. ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Definition of contributory service for the purposes of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 59-

2. Superannuation of certain persons serving in the educational service

otherwise than as teachers.

3. Provisions with respect to independent superannuation schemes.

4. Saving for superannuation rights of teachers employed by managers

of public elementary schools.

1945-

Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 14.

85

Section.

5. Reckoning for pension of certain service which was not contributory

or recognised service.

6. Payment of employer’s contributions in respect of past service which

is treated as contributory service under this Act.

7. Provisions as to grant of a second or subsequent annual allowance.

8. Right of teachers engaged in war service to require repayment of

contributions.

9. Meaning of " period of war service " in 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 95.

10. Actuarial inquiries. '

11. Miscellaneous amendments of enactments relating to superannuation

of teachers.

12. Financial provisions.

13. Interpretation.

14. Short titje, citation, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Service before 1st April, 1945, which may be treated as if it were Contributory or Recognised Service.

Second Schedule.—Amendment of Enactments.

An Act to amend the definition of contributory service for the purposes of the Teachers (Superannuation) Act,

1925, to extend the enactments relating to the superannuation of teachers to certain persons employed in connection with the provision of educational services otherwise than as teachers, and to make other amendments of the law relating to the superannuation of teachers and such persons as aforesaid.

[28th March 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The definition of contributory service contained in Definition of section two of . the Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1925 (herein-contributory after referred to as " the principal Act "), shall have effect only ^rposes in relation to service before the date of the commencement of of this Act; and in relation to service on or after that date the Geo 5. c. 59. expression " contributory service " shall for the purposes of the said Act mean full-time service—

(a) as a teacher in a school or county college maintained

by a local education authority under the Education 7 & 8 Geo. 6. Act, 1944, being a school or college in respect of which c. 31. grants are made by the Minister to the authority;

(b) as a teacher in any establishment maintained by a local education authority in pursuance of a scheme of further education or in pursuance of the provisions

86

Ch. 14.

Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 51.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 17.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 28.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 17.

61 & 62 Vict, c- 57-

of section forty-seven of the Education Act, 1944, or of section seventy-five of the Education Act, 1921, being an establishment in respect of which grants are made by the Minister to the authority;

(c) as a teacher in a school in respect of which grants are

made by the Minister to the proprietor thereof;

(d) as a teacher of such kind as may be prescribed in a

special school not maintained by a local education authority, in an approved school, or in a school provided by the council of a county or county borough under the provisions of section fifty-three of the Poor Law Act,

1930;

(e) as a teacher of such kind as may be prescribed in a

certified institution as defined by section seventy-one of the Mental Deficiency Act, 1913, or as a teacher of such kind as may be prescribed employed by a local authority in the exercise of their functions under paragraph (cc) of section thirty of that Act;

(f) as a teacher employed by a local education authority, or by any person or body of persons in respect of whose expenditure grants are made by the Minister, in any service other than such service as is hereinbefore mentioned, being service approved by the Minister for the purposes of this paragraph;

(g) as a teacher of such kind as may be prescribed employed

by a voluntary association which is in receipt of contributions in pursuance of a scheme in force under subsection (2) of section one hundred and two of the Local Government Act, 1929;

(h) in the case of a person whose service in any capacity

was, before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and nineteen, recorded by the Board of Education under the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, as a teacher in any capacity approved by the Minister for the purposes of this paragraph; or

(i) as a teacher in any school which was approved by the

Treasury for the purposes of paragraph (vii) of section eighteen of the School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1918, during any period during which the school satisfies the conditions mentioned in that paragraph, unless the Minister, upon the application of the proprietor of the school, has determined that service in that school shall not be treated as contributory service, or the Board of Education have made a like determination in relation to the school under the powers conferred by the principal Act:

1945- Teachers ( Superannuation) Ch. 14. 87

Act, 1945.

Provided that the foregoing definition shall have effect subject to provisos (a) and (b) to subsection (1) of section two of the principal Act.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection:—

(a) a teacher shall be deemed to be employed in full-time service in any such school as is therein mentioned if the Minister is satisfied that he is employed in full-time service which is mainly and primarily service in the capacity of a teacher in such a school, and, in so far as it is not such service, is service in some other school under the same management as, and educationally connected with

such a school; % .

(b) the service of any person shall be deemed to be service

as a teacher if the Minister is satisfied either that the service is wholly in the capacity of a teacher or that it is mainly and primarily in the capacity of a teacher and that any other duties of the employment are educational duties connected with the duties in that capacity; and

(c) the service of any person shall be deemed to be service as a teacher if it is service in any capacity in which it is his principal duty to attend any establishment for providing social or physical training and either to provide or to supervise the provision of such training therein;

and references in the principal Act to teachers shall be construed accordingly.

(3) In relation to service after the commencement of this Act section two of the principal Act shall have effect as if subsection (2) were omitted therefrom.

2.—(1) Where the Minister is satisfied with respect to service superannua-of any particular kind that it is not service as a teacher tion of certain and is not service which to a substantial extent involves the persons control or supervision of teachers, but that it is service which in the

to a substantial extent involves the performance of duties of an se^lonal organising or advisory character in connection with the provision otherwise of education or of services ancillary to education, and that it than as is service in the performance of which teaching experience is teachers, of value, he may approve service of that kind for the purposes of this subsection; and if any person is employed by a local education authority after the commencement of this Act in service of a kind so approved, his said employment after the commencement of this Act shall, if he makes application to the Minister for that purpose within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, be treated for the purposes of the principal Act as if it were employment as a teacher in contributory service, and references in the principal Act to teachers and to contributory service shall be construed accordingly :

88 Ch. 14. Teachers (Superannuation) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Provided that the employment of a person shall not be treated as employment in contributory service by virtue of this subsection unless he has previously been employed for not less than three years, whether in England or Wales or elsewhere and whether before or after the commencement of this Act, as a teacher in a capacity approved by the Minister.

(2) Where the Minister is satisfied with respect to service of any particular kind that it is not service as a teacher but is service . which to a substantial extent involves the performance of duties of an organising or advisory character in connection with the provision of education or of services ancillary to education, he • may approve service of that kind for the purposes of this subsec-

tion; and if any person is employed after the commencement of this Act in service of a kind so approved, and his said employment is not employment in the service of a local education authority but is employment in the service of a person or body of persons in respect of whose expenditure grants are made by the Minister, his said employment after the commencement of this Act shall if he makes application to the Minister for that purpose within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner be treated for the purposes of the principal Act as if it were employment as* a teacher in contributory service, and references in the principal Act to teachers and to contributory service shall be construed accordingly.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. (3) Where under section one of the Teachers Superannuation

c. 95. (War Service) Act, 1939, a period of war service is treated for the

purposes of Part II of the principal Act as if it were a period of contributory service, that period of war service shall also be treated as if it were a period of service as a teacher in a capacity approved by the Minister for the purposes of this section and of section fourteen of the principal Act.

Provisions 3.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, a person

with respect employed in contributory service shall not be subject to an

to independent independent superannuation scheme in respect of that service, superannua-

tion schemes. (2) Where a person who becomes employed in' contributory service at or after the commencement of this Act:—

(a) has, not more than one year before he. so becomes employed in contributory service, been subject to an independent superannuation scheme; and

(b) would, but for the foregoing subsection be subject to such a scheme in respect of the service in which he so becomes employed;

the service in which he so becomes employed shall not be treated as contributory service, and he shall be subject to the independent superannuation scheme accordingly:

1945- Teachers (Superannuation) Ch. 14. 89

Act, 1945.'

Provided that if any person who is subject to an independent superannuation scheme by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this subsection elects within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner to withdraw from the scheme,' the said provisions shall not have effect in relation to any service in which he is employed after the election takes effect.

(3) Where any person makes such an election, the election shall take effect as from the commencement of this Act, or as from the time when he entered the service in which he is for the time being employed, whichever is the later.

(4) Where any such election is made by a person who is a contributory employee or a local Act contributor as defined by

the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, he shall be 1 Edw. 8 &

entitled to receive out of the appropriate superannuation fund 1 Geo. 6. c.

a sum equal to the aggregate amount of his contributions to

that fund calculated in‘accordance with subsection (5) of section

ten of the said Act of 1937, or, as the case may be, in accordance

with the corresponding provision of the local Act scheme, together

with compound interest on those contributions, calculated to the

date on which he ceased to be a contributory employee or a local

Act contributor, at the rate of three per cent, per annum with

half-yearly rests.

(5) In this section the expression " independent superannuation scheme" means :—

(a) any superannuation scheme other than the scheme

established by the principal Act (including a superannuation scheme established by or under any public general or local Act of Parliament or provisional order confirmed by Parliament) which provides for the payment of contributions to a fund by any local authority or the persons responsible for the management of any educational establishment and for the payment out of that fund, in respect of service rendered to the authority or to those persons, of benefits on disablement, retirement, attainment of any specified age or death; and

(b) any system of superannuation (not being a system

established by or under any public general or local Act of Parliament or provisional order confirmed by Parliament) operated jointly by a number of educational establishments for the purpose of providing such benefits as aforesaid in respect of the service of persons employed by them.

(6) The following provisions are hereby repealed, that is to say:—

(a) section fourteen of the School Teachers (Superannuation) 8 & 9 g«o. 5.

Act, 1918, as it has effect for the purposes of the principal c. 55.

Act; and

(b) paragraph 4 of Part II of the First Schedule to the Local

Government Superannuation Act, 1937 :

90

52 & 53 vict-c. 63.

Saving for superannuation rights of teachers employed by managers of public elementary schools.

Reckoning for pension of certain service which was not contributory or recognised service.

Ch. 14. Teachers (Superannuation) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Provided that, without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals), nothing in this repeal shall affect the operation of the said section fourteen in relation to any person who became entitled to make a declaration under that section before the commencement of this Act.

4. Where immediately before the commencement of this Act any person was, as a teacher employed by the managers of a public elementary school maintained but not provided by the council of a county district, a contributory employee or a local Act contributor as defined by the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, then, subject to the provisions of the last foregoing section, his service after the commencement of this Act in the employment of the managers or governors of the school shall, for so long'as the school remains a voluntary school, be deemed for the purposes of the said Act of 1937 and of any local Act scheme as defined by that Act to be service in the employment of the local education authority by whom the school is for the time being maintained, and he shall be entitled to participate in the benefits of the appropriate superannuation fund accordingly.

5. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a person who is employed in contributory service after the commencement of this Act by a local authority or by the managers or governors of a school maintained by a local education authority under the Education Act, 1944, has been employed before the commencement of this- Act in any such service as is specified in the First Schedule to this Act, his said service before the commencement of this Act shall, if he makes application to the Minister for that purpose within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, be treated for the purposes of the principal Act as if it had been contributory service or recognised service, as the case may be :

Provided that if, upon making such an application, he requests that his service before any date specified by him shall not be treated as if it had been contributory service or recognised service, his said service before that date shall not be so treated by virtue of this section.

(2) Where an application made by a person under this section relates, whether wholly or in part, to service after the thirty-first day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-two, he shall be liable to pay the appropriate contributions to the Minister in respect of that service in accordance with rules made by the Minister under section seventeen of the principal Act; and no service in which a person has been employed after the said date shall be treated as contributory service or as recognised service by virtue of this section unless the appropriate contributions are so paid in respect thereof.

1945- Teachers (Superannuation) Ch. 14. 91

Act, 1945.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the appropriate contributions are the contributions which would have been payable in respect of the service in question under paragraph (a) of subsection

(1) of section nine of the principal Act, or under the School 12 & 13 Geo. 5. Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1922, if that service had been c. 42. contributory service or recognised service, as the case may be.

(4) Where a person has ceased to be employed in service which is treated as contributory service by virtue of this section in order to undertake war service, the provisions of the Teachers Superannuation (War Service) Act, 1939, shall have effect accordingly with respect to his period of war service, including any such period which falls after the commencement of this Act.

6.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where any Payment of period of service after the end of March, nineteen hundred and employer’s twenty-eight, including any period of war service, is treated as contributions contributory service by virtue of the last foregoing section, the contributions (hereinafter referred to as " employer’s contri- which is butions ") which would have been payable in respect of that treated as service under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section nine of contributory the principal Act shall be paid to the Minister by the local ^tunder authority by whom the person in question is employed in contributory service when he first becomes entitled to make an application under the last foregoing section.

For the purposes of this subsection, a person employed in contributory service,by the managers or governors of a school maintained by a local education authority under the Education Act, 1944, shall be deemed to be employed by that authority.

(2) Where in accordance with the foregoing subsection any sum is paid by a local authority on account of employer’s contributions in respect of a person who was, when he first became entitled to make an application under the last foregoing section, employed by the authority in their capacity as a local education authority, or employed by the managers or governors of a school maintained by the authority, the sum so paid shall, for the purposes of any regulations of the Minister relating to the payment of grants, be treated as if it were expenditure on the salary of a teacher employed by the authority. 3

(3) Where a person who has been a contributory employee or a looal Act contributor as defined by the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937 (hereinafter referred to as a Local Government Superannuation ^.ct employee), becomes, not more than one year after ceasing to be a Local Government Superannuation Act employee, entitled to make an application under the last foregoing section, no employer's contributions shall be payable in respect of any service which he was, immediately before he last ceased to be a Local Government Superannuation

ie

92

Ch. 14.

Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 94.

Act employee, entitled to reckon for superannuation purposes under the said Act of 1937 or under any local Act scheme as defined by that Act.

(4) In lieu of the employer’s contributions which would have been payable in respect of any service but for the last foregoing subsection, there shall be paid to the Minister in respect of that service, out of the appropriate superannuation fund, a sum equivalent to the difference between the sum which has become or will become payable out of that fund in respect of the past contributions of the person who made the application (including any sum payable as interest upon such contributions) and the transfer value which would have been payable out of that fund under section twenty-nine of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, if, after he last ceased to be entitled to participate in the benefits of the fund, the said person had forthwith become entitled to participate in the benefits of some other superannuation fund maintained under that Act or under a local Act scheme as defined by that Act:

Provided that the sum paid to the Minister by virtue of this subsection in respect of any service shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the contributions which would have been payable in respect of that service under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section nine of the principal Act.

(5) For the purpose of the last foregoing subsection :—

(a) the appropriate superannuation fund is the fund in the benefits of which the person in question was last entitled to participate as a Local Government Superannuation Act employee before becoming entitled to make the application under the last foregoing section and

(b) the expression " past contributions " includes in relation

to a contributory employee all such contributions as are mentioned in subsection (5) of section ten of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, and, in relation to a local Act contributor, shall be construed accordingly.

(6) Where a person ceased to serve in any capacity in respect of which he was a Local Government Superannuation Act employee in order to undertake service which he was entitled to reckon for superannuation purposes by virtue of the Local Government Staffs (War Service) Act, 1939, subsections (3) (4) and (5) of this section shall have effect as if he had continued to be a Local Government Superannuation Act employee during the period of service which he was so entitled to reckon. 7

(7) Any reference in this section to the contributions which would have been payable in respect of the service of any person under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section nine of _ the

1945- Teachers ( Superannuation) Ch. 14. 93

Act, 1945.

principal Act shall, in relation to a period of war service, be construed as a reference to such contributions only as would have been payable under that paragraph in respect of his service during that period, if, at the commencement of that period, he had ceased to be employed as a teacher in contributory service in order to undertake war service.

7. —(1) Where, after a teacher has been in receipt of an annual Provisions as

superannuation allowance granted under the principal Act, oi

another annual superannuation allowance is, after the commence- or^bsequent ment of this Act, granted to him in accordance with subsection (1) annual

of section six of the principal Act, or has been so granted to him allowance, on or after the first day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, the amount of that other allowance shall not be less than the amount of any annual superannuation allowance previously granted to him under the principal Act.

(2) Where the sums which have accrued before the commencement of this Act on account of an allowance granted on or after the said first day of September are less than they would have been if this section had come into' operation on that day, the Minister shall pay to the teacher or to his legal personal representatives a sum equal to the deficiency.

8. —(1) Where by virtue of section one or section nine of the Right of Teachers Superannuation (War Service). Act, 1939, a person’s teachers period of war service is treated as if it were a period of contributory ^service service, he may at any time during that period require the Minister to require

to repay to him a sum equal to the balance of his contributions repayment of computed as at the date of repayment. contributions

(2) Where any person makes such a requirement, his period of war service after the requirement is made shall not be treated as if it were a period of contributory service by virtue of the said Act of 1939.

(3) Where the balance of any person’s contributions is repaid under this section, subsection (2) of section twelve of the principal Act (which relates to the effect of the repayment of the balance of any person’s contributions upon the computation of the service which he is entitled to reckon as contributory service or as recognised -service) shall have effect as if a repayment had been made under that section. 4

(4) For the purposes of this section, the expression " contri- butions " includes contributions paid under the School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1922; and the balance of a person's contributions shall be calculated for the purposes of this section

as it is calculated for the purposes of section twelve of the principal Act.

94

Ch. 14.

Meaning of period of war service '' in 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 95.

Actuarial inquiries. '

Miscellaneous amendments of enactments relating to superannuation of teachers.

Teachers (Superannuation) 8 & 9 Geo. 6. Act, 1945.

9. —(1) For the purposes of the Teachers Superannuation

(War Service) Act, 1939, a person's period of war service includes:— .

(a) any period during which, though not actually engaged in war service, he is as a result of war service prevented or hindered from procuring work as a teacher; and

(b) in the case of a person who, having been admitted or accepted for admission'to a training college recognised by the Board of Education or the Minister for the purpose of payment of grant, undertakes war service before completing his course of training, any period during which, though not actually engaged in war servige, he is as a result of war service prevented or hindered from entering upon or completing his course of training;

and in that Act the expression " period of war service " shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that a person's period of war service shall not, by virtue of this subsection, be extended by a period or periods exceeding in all fifty-two weeks, or such greater number of weeks, not being more than one hundred and four, as the Minister may -in any particular case allow.

(2) The provisions of the foregoing subsection shall be deemed always to have had effect, and the definition of "period of war service" contained in section eleven of the Teachers Superannuation (War Service) Act, 1939, shall be deemed never to have had effect.

10. The Treasury shall, as soon as they think practicable, and thereafter at intervals of seven years, cause an actuarial inquiry to be held for the purpose mentioned in section fifteen of the principal Act; and the said section fifteen shall have effect, and shall be deemed always to have had effect, as if the words " and at the expiration of every subsequent period of seven years" were omitted therefrom.

11. —(1) The definition of recorded service contained in subsection (5) of section one of the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, shall have effect only in relation to service before the date of the commencement of this Act; and in relation to service on or after that date the said subsection

(5) shall have effect as if for the words from the beginning of the subsection to the words "or industrial school" there were substituted the words :—

" Recorded service ’ means, for the purposes of this Act, such service in the capacity of a certificated teacher in any educational establishment in respect of which grants

1945- Teachers (Superannuation) Ch. 14. 95

Act, 1945.

are paid by the Minister as is recorded by the Minister for the purposes of this Act."

(2) The definition of certificated teacher contained in section eleven of the said Act of 1898 shall have, effect only in relation to periods before the commencement of this Act; and in relation to any subsequent period the expression " certificated teacher " shall, for the purposes of the said Act, mean any person who would for the time being have been recognised as a certificated teacher under the regulations of the Minister which were in force with respect to such recognition immediately before the commencement of this Act if those regulations had remained in force thereafter.

(3) In paragraph (e) of Part II of the First Schedule to the National Health Insurance Act, 1936, (which defines excepted 26 Geo. 5. & employments for the purposes of that Act) the reference to employ- 1 Edw. 8. c. 32. ment as a teacher in recognised or contributory service within

the meaning of the Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1925, shall be construed as including a reference to the employment of any person in contributory'service after the commencement of this Act, and, in the said paragraph (e), the reference to employment as a teacher in recorded service within the meaning of the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, shall be construed as including a reference to employment after the commencement of this Act in service which is recorded service for the purposes of the said Act of 1898.

(4) In paragraph 6 of Part II of the First Schedule to the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1935 (which defines excepted 25 & 26 Geo. 5. employments for the purposes of that Act) the reference toc. 8. employment as a teacher of any person who is in contributory

service within the meaning of the Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1925, shall be construed as including a reference to the employment of any person in contributory service after the commencement of this Act, and the reference in the said paragraph 6 to employment in a capacity which would be contributory service if the person concerned were under the age of sixty-five years shall be construed accordingly.

(5) In subsection (1) of section seventeen of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937* for the words "the Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1937 " there shall be substituted the words " the Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1945 ".

(6) The enactments specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in the second column of that Schedule, so, however, that no such amendment shall affect any additional allowance or gratuity which has accrued before the date of the commencement of this Act, or any contribution or quarterly payment which has become payable before that date, or affect the question

96

Ch. 14.

Teachers (Superannuation)

Ad, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Financial

provisions.

Interpretation.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 12.

whether the power or duty to grant or restore any allowance or to make any other payment has become exercisable before that date.

12. Any expenses incurred by the Minister by reason of the passing of this Act, and any increase occasioned by the passing of this Act in sums which are defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided; and any sums received by the Minister by reason of the passing of this Act, other than sums paid on account of contributions under the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, shall be dealt with in the same manner as sums received by him under section nine of the principal Act.

13. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" Approved school" has the meaning assigned to it by section one hundred and seven of* the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, that is to say, means a school approved by the Secretary of State under section seventy-nine of that Act;

" Contributory service " and " recognised service " mean respectively service which is contributory service for the purposes of the principal Act and service which is recognised service as defined by that Act;

" Former authority " has the meaning assigned to it by the Education Act, 1944, that is to say, means any authority which was a local education authority within the meaning of any enactment repealed by that Act or any previous Act;

" Local education authority " has the meaning assigned to it by the Education Act, 1944, that is to say, means in relation to any area for winch a joint education board is constituted as the local education authority under that Act, the board so constituted, and, save as aforesaid, means, in relation to a county, the council of the county, and, in relation to a county borough, the council of the county borough;

" Minister" means the Minister of Education;

" Period of war service ", in relation to any person, has the same meaning as for the purposes of the Teachers Superannuation (War Service) Act, 1939;

" Prescribed" means prescribed by rules made under section seventeen of the principal Act;

1945* Teachers (Superannuation) Ch. 14. 97

Act, 1945.

" Proprietor ", in relation to any school, has the meaning assigned to it by the Education Act, 1944, that is to say, means the person or body of persons responsible for the management of the school;

" Scheme of further education" means a scheme of further education having effect under section forty-two of the Education Act, 1944;

" School ", where used without qualification, means an institution for providing primary or secondary education or both primary and secondary education;

" Service ", except in relation to recorded service or war service, has the meaning assigned to it by the principal Act, that is to say, means salaried employment under a contract of service with an employer of a person who at the date of the employment is over eighteen and under sixty-five years of age;

" Teacher " includes any person who is treated as a teacher for the purposes of the principal Act;

'* War service " has the meaning assigned to it by the Teachers Superannuation (War Service) Act, 1939, that is to say, means service during the period beginning with the first day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and ending with such date as may be declared by an Order in Council made for the purposes of section . eleven of that Act, in any of the naval, military or air forces of the Crown, or any service during that period which the Minister considers may properly be treated for the purposes of that Act in the same manner as service in those forces.

(2) References in this Act to a person or body of persons in respect of whose expenditure grants are made by the Minister include references to a person or body of persons for the time being in receipt of financial assistance from a local education authority, if grant is made by the Minister to the authority in respect of that assistance.

(3) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

14.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Teachers (Superannua- Short title, tion) Act, 1945. citation, com-

(2) This Act and the Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to J^tent. 1939, may be cited together as the Teachers (Superannuation)

Acts, 1918 to 1945.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

(4) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

G

98

Ch. 14.

Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Section 5.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Service before ist April, 1945, which may be treated as if it were Contributory or Recognised Service.

1. Full time service in or in connection with a public elementary school:—

(a) as a supplementary teacher;

(b) as an additional teacher;

(c) as an additional woman teacher;

(d) as an additional female teacher.

2. Full time service in the employment of a former authority (not being service which was contributory service or recognised service) in any capacity in which it was the principal duty of the person employed

. therein to attend any establishment for providing social or physical training and either to provide or to supervise the provision of such training therein.

3. Full time service, on or after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, in the employment of a former authority, being service which satisfies the following conditions:—

(a) that it is service of the same kind as service approved by the Minister for the purposes of subsection (1) of section two of this Act; and

(b) that the person employed therein was, before being so employed,

employed for not less than three years, whether in England or Wales, or elsewhere and whether before the said first day of April or not, as a teacher in a capacity approved by the Minister. 4

4. Full time service as a teacher of such kind as may be prescribed employed by a local authority in the exercise of their functions under paragraph (cc) of section thirty of the Mental Deficiency Act, 1913.

1945-

Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 14.

99

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Amendment of Enactments.

Provision to be amended. Amendment.

The School Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1918.

Section five ... .After subsection (4), there shall be inserted • the following subsection:—

" (5) If the Minister is of opinion that it would be inequitable for a teacher's superannuation allowance to be suspended or reduced in accordance with the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, he may, to such extent as he thinks just, disregard for. the purposes of that subsection any salary and emoluments received by the teacher in respect of any such employment as is therein mentioned."

The Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1925.

Section three ... In subsection (3), in paragraph (6) thereof, for the words "more than twelve months " there shall be substituted the words "at least twelve months ".

Section five ... After subsection (1) there shall be inserted the following subsection :—

"(ia) Where, in addition to a death gratuity payable in respect of any person under the foregoing subsection, any balance of contributions-would be payable in respect of him under subsection

(4) of section twelve of this Act, the death gratuity shall not be paid, and the balance of contributions shall be increased accordingly."

Section six ... In subsection (1), for the words " more than twelve months " there shall be substituted the words "at least twelve months ".

After subsection (2), there shall be inserted the following subsection :—

" (3) If the Minister is of opinion that it would be inequitable for a teacher's superannuation allowance to be suspended or reduced in accordance with the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, he may, to such extent as he

Section 11.

s (Superannuation) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Amendment.

thinks just, disregard for the purposes of that subsection any salary and emoluments to which the teacher has become entitled in respect of any such employment as is therein mentioned."

Section nine ... In subsection (3), for the words "a public elementary school maintained by the local education authority " there shall be substituted the words "a school maintained by the local education authority under the Education Act, 1944 ".

Section ten ... After subsection (1) there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (ia) In relation to service on or after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, paragraph (a) of the proviso to the foregoing subsection shall have effect as if for the reference therein to two thousand pounds per annum there were substituted a reference to three thousand pounds per annum."

After subsection (2) there shall be inserted the following subsection :—

" (3) Where for the purpose of determining the amount of an allowance or gratuity which becomes payable under this Act on or after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, the Minister has determined that the salary of the teacher has been unreasonably increased in respect of his employment during any period to be taken into account in calculating his average salary, the Minister shall determine the amount by which each contribution paid by the teacher in respect of that period would have been reduced if his salary had not been so increased, and shall repay that amount to the teacher or to his legal personal representatives together with compound interest thereon up to the date of repayment; and for the purpose of calculating the balance of a teacher’s contributions in accordance with the provisions of section twelve of this Act the amount of any such contribution as aforesaid, shall be deemed* to be reduced by the amount so repaid."

100

Ch. 14.

Teachen

2nd Sch. Provision to be amended.

—^ont. The Teachers (Super-

annuation) Act, 1925 —cont.

Section six—cont.

1945-

Teachers (Superannuation) Act , 1945.

Ch. 14.

101

Provision to be amended. Amendment.

The Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1925 —cent.

Section twelve ... In subsection (1), for the words from "one year " to the words "may prescribe " there shall be substituted the words "three months

2ND SCH. *—cont.

The Teachers (Superannuation) Act, ^937-

Section two

The Teachers Superannuation (War Service) Act, 1939. Section two

After subsection (1), there shall be inserted the following subsection :—

" (ia) If the employment of a teacher in contributory service has been • discontinued for any period not exceeding five years beginning on or after the first day of January nineteen hundred and forty-two, and the Minister is satisfied that, during that period, the teacher has been engaged in some other employment which provides experience of value to teachers, the Minister may direct that in relation to the said discontinuance paragraph (6) of the foregoing subsection shall have effect as if for the reference therein to one year there were substituted a reference to such period not exceeding five years as may be specified in the direction."

In subsection (5), after the words "contributory service " there shall be inserted the words "but if, after the conclusion of his period of war service, he has spent any period (whether before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five or not) completing his course of training, that period shall be treated for the purposes of Part II of the principal Act as if it had been a period of contributory service

102

Licensing

planning

areas.

Licensing

planning

committees.

Ch. 15. Licensing Planning 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(! Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 15.

Licensing Planning (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Licensing planning areas.

2. Licensing planning committees.

3. Variation and abolition of licensing planning areas.

4. General duties of licensing planning committees.

5. Submission and approval of proposals by licensing planning

committees.

6. Removals in licensing planning areas.

7. New licences in licensing planning areas.

8. Surrender of licences in licensing planning areas and suspension of

provisions as to compensation fund.

9. Temporary premises.

10. London.

11. .Regulations.

12. Disqualification of justices.

13. Definition of " local planning authority."

14. Interpretation.

15. Duration of Act.

16. Short title and extent.

An Act to make temporary provision as to justices, licences in war-damaged areas and certain areas related to war-damaged areas.

[28th March 1945]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. If, with respect to an area consisting of a licensing district the whole or any part of which has sustained extensive war damage, or consisting of two or more contiguous licensing districts the whole or any part of each of which has sustained extensive war damage, the Secretary of State is satisfied that by reason of the occurrence of the damage or the consequences thereof, including redevelopment which has taken place or is likely to take place in the area, it is desirable to bring into operation the provisions of this Act relating to licensing planning areas, he may, after consultation with the licensing justices for the district or districts and any local planning authority having jurisdiction in the area, by order declare that area to be a licensing planning area for the purposes of this Act.

2.—(1) For every licensing planning area there shall be a licensing planning committee consisting of—

(a) a chairman appointed by the Secretary of State;

(6) members appointed from amongst their number by licensing justices having jurisdiction in the area;

(c) members appointed by local planning authorities having jurisdiction in the area.

1945- Licensing Planning Ch. 15. 103

(Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945.

(2) The members of any such committee appointed under paragraphs (b) and (c) of the preceding subsection shall be equal in number, but save as aforesaid the number of members of any such committee shall be determined by the order constituting the area, and, where there is more than one body of licensing justices or more than one local planning authority having jurisdiction in the area, the order shall specify the number of members that are to be appointed' by each body of justices or local planning authority.

(3) The appointment of a member of any such committee shall be for such term as may be determined by the Secretary of State at the time of his appointment and shah be subject to such conditions as may be so determined.

(4) In the event of an equality of votes on any question, the chairman shall have a casting vote, but save as aforesaid the chairman shall not have a vote.

(5) The proceedings of any such committee shall not be invalidated by reason of any vacancy therein or of any defect in the appointment of a member thereof.

(6) The clerk of the licensing justices for the licensing district constituting the area, or, where the area includes more than one licensing district, the clerk of the licensing justices for such one of those licensing districts as may be specified in the order, shall, by virtue of his office, be the secretary of the committee, and the committee may pay to him such remuneration as may be approved by the Secretary of State.

(7) The committee, in such circumstances as may be approved by the Secretary of State, may defray expenses incurred in travelling by members or the secretary of the committee.

(8) Any expenses properly incurred by the committee in connection with their business shall be defrayed by the local planning authority having jurisdiction in the area, or, where there are two or more such authorities, by those authorities in such proportions as the Secretary of State may direct.

3.—(1) The Secretary of State may, on the application of the Variation and licensing planning committee for any licensing planning area, abolition of and after such consultation with other authorities as he may licensing think desirable, by order include in the area any licensing district PlanninS area (whether contiguous or not) to which, or to any part of which, there has been, or is in his opinion likely to be, a substantial transfer of population, of industry or of other activities from the districts theretofore included in the area.

(2) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with the licensing planning committee for any licensing planning area, by order exclude from the area any licensing district theretofore included therein.

104

Ch. 15.

Licensing Planning 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(!Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945.

(3) An. order under either of the two preceding subsections may make any such variation of any of the provisions of the original order constituting the area as appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the inclusion or exclusion of the district.

(4) If it appears to the Secretary of State that it is no longer necessary or expedient that an area should be a licensing, planning area, he may, after consultation with the licensing planning committee for the area, by order revoke the order declaring it to be such an area.

General duties of licensing planning committees.

Submission and approval of proposals by licensing planning committees.

4. —(1) It shall be the duty of every licensing planning committee to review the circumstances of their area and to endeavour to secure, after such consultation and negotiation as they may think desirable and by the exercise of the powers conferred on them by this Act, that the number, nature and distribution of the licensed premises in the area, the accommodation provided thereat and the facilities given thereat for obtaining food, accord with local requirements, regard being had in particular to any redevelopment or proposed redevelopment of the area.

(2) A licensing planning committee shall comply with such general or special directions as may from time to time be given to them by the Secretary of State as to consultation with such authorities or bodies as may be specified in the directions.

5. —(1) The licensing planning committee for any area may, from time to time,—

(a) formulate proposals for the removals, hereafter in this Act

referred to as " planning removals ", that is to say, for the removal, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Act relating to removals and subject to such conditions, if any, as may be specified in the proposals, of licences from premises in the area to other specified premises therein or to premises on specified sites therein; and

(b) formulate, with the agreement thereto of the persons

interested in the premises in question, proposals for the surrender, subject to such conditions, if any, as -may be specified in the proposals, of existing licences in respect of premises in the area, and shall submit any such proposals to the Minister, together with such plans and other matter explanatory of the nature and effect of the proposals as may be prescribed or as the Minister may, in any particular case, require.

(2) Where a licensing planning committee have so submitted proposals to the Minister, the committee shall publish in the prescribed manner a notice that they have submitted the proposals, naming a place at which copies thereof and of the plans and explanatory matter submitted to the Minister may be seen

1945-

. Licensing Planning

fTemporary Provisions) Act, 1945.

Ch. 15.

105

at all reasonable hours, and stating the time within which and the manner in which objections to the proposals may be made to the Minister.

(3) If no objection to the proposals is made to the Minister

within the time and in the manner stated in the notice, or if all ,

objections so made are withdrawn, the Minister may, if he thinks

fit, confirm the proposals, either with or without modification, but in any other case he shall, before confirming them, afford to any person making an objection an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose by the Minister or, if it appears to the Minister that the matters to which the objection relates are such as to require investigation by public local inquiry, cause a public local inquiry to be held, and shall consider any objection not withdrawn and the report of the person before whom the objector appeared or of the person holding the inquiry, as the case may be, and may then confirm the proposals, either with or without modification.

(4) Subsections (2) to (5) of section two hundred and ninety

of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which relate to the 23 & 24 Geo. 5. summoning of witnesses, the production of documents and costs c.51. in the case of local inquiries held under that section), shall apply to an inquiry held under this section as they apply to inquiries held under that section but with the substitution for references therein to a department of references to the Minister.

6.—(1) No ordinary or special removal of any licence shall be Removals in authorised to any premises in a licensing planning area. licensing

(2) Where proposals of a licensing planning committee, as confirmed under this Act by the Minister, provide for a planning removal, then, if an application is made by the holder of the licence to the licensing justices for the licensing district in which the premises to which the removal is intended to be made are situated, the justices shall authorise the removal of the licence to those premises if they are satisfied that—

(a) the premises are fit and convenient for the purpose; and

(b) the applicant is a fit and proper person to be the holder

of a licence; and

(c) any conditions specified in the proposals as confirmed as aforesaid have been complied with.

(3) Where the premises to which the removal of an on-licence is intended to be made are about to be constructed or are in course of construction, the holder of the licence may apply to the said justices for the provisional grant of authority for the removal to those premises, and the justices, if satisfied with the plans submitted to them and that if the premises had actually been constructed in accordance with those plans they would, on application, have granted their authority for the removal, may make a provisional grant accordingly :

io6

io Edw. 7 & i Geo. 5. c. 24.

New licences in licensing planning areas.

Surrender of licences in licensing planning areas and suspension of provisions as to compensation fund.

Ch. 15. Licensing Planning 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Temporary.Provisions) Act, 1945.

Provided that the grant shall not be of any effect until it has been declared to be final by an order of the justices made after such notice has been given as may be required by them, and the declaration shall be made if they are satisfied that the premises have been completed in accordance with the plans and are also satisfied that the applicant is a fit and proper person to be the holder of a licence and that any conditions specified in the proposals as confirmed as aforesaid have been complied with.

(4) Anything authorised by the preceding provisions of this section to be done to or by licensing justices may be done to or by the licensing justices at a general annual licensing meeting, at transfer sessions or at a meeting of the licensing justices specially called for the purpose.*

(5) The provisions of sections twenty-nine to thirty-two of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, as to appeal from the refusal of licensing justices to grant a special removal of a licence shall, with the necessary modifications, have effect in relation to the refusal, under this section, of licensing justices to authorise the removal of a licence, whether provisionally or otherwise, or to declare a provisional grant of authority to be final.

7. —(1) No new' licence shall be granted in respect of any premises in a licensing planning area unless the licensing justices are satisfied that the licensing planning committee have no objection to the grant thereof.

(2) The grant of a new licence in respect of any premises in a licensing planning area shall not require confirmation by the confirming authority, and section thirty-three of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910 (which relates to the provisional grant and confirmation of licences to new premises), shall, in relation to an application in respect of any such premises as aforesaid, have effect as if references therein to the confirming authority* the confirmation of a licence and an order of confirmation were omitted.

(3) Nothing in this section shall apply to the re-grant of a licence granted for a term under subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910. 8

8. —(1) Where proposals of a licensing planning committee, as confirmed under this Act by the Minister, provide for the surrender of a licence in respect of premises in their area, then, if such conditions as may be specified in those proposals as so confirmed have been complied with, the licence shall, by virtue of this Act, be extinguished as from such date as may be specified in those proposals as so confirmed or such later date as the licensing planning committee may allow.

(2) The renewal of an old on-licence in respect of premises in a licensing planning area shall not be refused on any ground other than those specified in the Second Part of the Second

1945- Licensing Planning Ch. 15. 107

(Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945.

Schedule to the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, and accordingly the question of the renewal of any such old on-licence shall not be referred to the compensation authority, no sum shall be paid out of the compensation fund under section forty-seven of the Housing Act, 1936, or section fifteen of the Town and 26 Geo. 5 & Country Planning Act, 1944, in the event of the surrender of any 1 Edw- 8* such old on-licence, and paragraph 10 of Part I of the Sixth c <|Ig 6 Schedule to the Finance Act, 1942 (which provides for the extin-1 47 guishment, on payment of compensation, of an old on-licence in 5 & 6 Geo. 6. suspense), shall not apply to any old on-licence in respect of c. sx. premises in a licensing planning area :

Provided that where the licensing justices have decided to refer to the compensation authority the question of the renewal or extinguishment of a licence and, at the time of the decision, the premises in question were not in a licensing planning area, the like proceedings may be had by virtue of that decision as might have been had if the premises had continued not to be in a licensing planning area.

(3)* No charge shall be imposed under section twenty-one of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910 (which relates to the compensation levy), in respect of an old on-licence renewed in respect of premises in a licensing planning area, and no charge imposed under the said section shall be levied in respect of premises which, at the date when the charge would, apart from this provision, fall to be levied, are in a licensing planning area, notwithstanding that, when the charge was imposed, they were not in such an area.

9.—(1) A licensing planning committee may, on the application Temporary of the holder of a licence in respect of premises in the licensing premises, planning area for which the committee act,' certify, in the prescribed form, that, for such period as may be specified in the certificate, .the committee have no objection to the business of the applicant being carried on in such temporary premises in the area as may be so specified.

(2) Where such a certificate is given, then, subject to the provisions of this section,—

(a) an application may be made to licensing justices for the removal of the licence to the temporary premises so specified; and

(b) a subsequent application may be made to licensing

justices for the removal of the licence from those premises to premises on the site of the premises to which the licence related before the removal to the temporary premises,

in all respects as if those removals (hereafter in this section referred to as " temporary premises removals ") were planning removals for which proposals of the licensing planning committee had been

Ch. 15. Licensing Planning 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945.

duly confirmed under this Act by the Minister, and the provisions of this Act relating to the effect of the confirmation of proposals for planning removals (including the provisions as to appeal from the refusal of licensing justices to authorise removals) shall apply accordingly:

Provided that where, before the certificate is given, proposals for the planning removal of the licence have been confirmed under this Act by the Minister, but the licence has not been removed, paragraph (6)' of this subsection shall have effect as if for the reference to premises on the site of the premises to which the licence related before the removal to the temporary premises there were substituted a reference to the premises to which the licence is to be removed in pursuance of the planning removal.

(3) Where a licence is removed to temporary premises by virtue of a temporary premises removal, the licence shall, at the expiration of the period specified in the certificate of the licensing planning committee, or such longer period, if any, as the licensing planning committee may allow, become void unless it has previously been removed to other premises.

(4) Where a certificate is given tinder subsection (1) of this section, section thirty-seven or, as the case may be, section thirty-eight of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910 (which relate to the qualification of premises for receiving justices’ licences) shall not, in relation to the licence in question, apply to the temporary premises specified in the certificate, but nothing in this subsection shall be construed as requiring justices to allow a removal to, or to renew a licence in respect of, any premises which in their opinion are not proper to be used, for the period specified in the certificate, or, as the case may be, for the further period allowed by the committee, for the purposes of the business of the holder of the licence,

(5) Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting the powers conferred by this Act as to the granting Of planning removals, and, in the provisions of this Act conferring those powers and in the preceding provisions of this section, references to removals include references to removals to or from temporary premises from or to other premises on the same site, and references to removals in any other enactment relating to licensing shall be construed accordingly.

(6) In this section, the expression " temporary premises " includes all premises, whether temporary in their nature or not, which are not intended to be used permanently for the purposes of the business in question.

10.—(1) The whole of the administrative county of London, except the City of London, shall be deemed to be such an area as is mentioned in section one of this Act and the Secretary of State may, after such consultations, if any, as he thinks fit, declare it to be a licensing planning area, and, subject to the provisions

1945- Licensing Planning Ch. 15.

(Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945.

of this section, the remaining provisions of this Act shall have . effect accordingly.

(2) Subsections (1), (2) and (6) of section two of this Act shall not apply to any licensing planning area which consists of or includes the administrative County of London, except the City of London, and.—

(a) the licensing planning committee for any such licensing planning area shall consist of—

(i) an independent chairman appointed by the Secretary of State;

(ii) twelve members appointed from amongst their number by the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County of London; and

(iii) twelve members appointed by the London County Council; and

(b) the clerk of the peace of the County of London shall, by

virtue of his office, be the secretary of the committee, and the committee may pay to him such remuneration as may be approved by the Secretary of State.

(3) The Secretary of State may by order—

(a) provide for the appointment of sub-committees of the

licensing planning committee for a licensing planning area which consists of or includes the administrative County of London, except the City of London;

(b) authorise or require the reference by the committee to

those sub-committees of such matters as may be specified in. the order; and

(c) provide for the addition to those sub-committees, for the

purpose of considering and reporting on such matters as may be specified in the order, of persons nominated by such authorities or bodies concerned with the area or any part thereof as may be so specified;

and any such order may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order of the Secretary of State.

(4) The licensing planning committee for any such licensing planning area as aforesaid may, in such circumstances as may be approved by the Secretary of State, defray expenses incurred in travelling by members of any sub-committee of the committee.

(5) Any expenses incurred by the Common Council of the City of London under or by virtue of this Act shall be defrayed out of the general rate.

11. The Secretary of State may make regulations—

(a) with respect to the procedure to be followed, and the fees to be paid, on and in connection with applications under this Act to licensing justices;

IO9

Regulations.

no

Disqualification of justices.

Definition of " local planning authority."

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 48.

Ch. 15. Licensing Planning 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Temporary Provisions) , 1945.

(b) with respect to the procedure (including quorum) of licensing planning committees and of any such subcommittees of a licensing planning committee as are appointed by virtue of an order under the last preceding section;

(c) for fixing the time within which and the manner in which

objections to proposals of licensing planning committees may be made to the Minister;

(d) with respect to the keeping and auditing of accounts of

the expenditure of licensing planning committees and the furnishing by those committees to the authorities by whom the expenses of the committees fall to be defrayed of statements of the expenses estimated by the committees to be likely to be incurred by them in connection with their business; and

(e) for prescribing anything which by this Act is required or

authorised to be prescribed; and in this Act the expression " prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State under this section.

12. A person shall not, by reason of his membership of, or anything done by him in the course of his duties as a member of, a licensing planning committee or a sub-committee thereof, be held to be disqualified for acting as a licensing justice in relation to any matter falling to be decided by the licensing justices for the licensing planning area or any part thereof, whether under this Act or otherwise.

13. —(1) In this Act the expression " local planning authority" means such a council as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section two of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1932.

(2) Where there is in force an agreement made under subsection (2) of section two of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1932, or under any corresponding enactment repealed by that Act, for relinquishing in favour of the council of a county any of the powers and duties under that Act or section one of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, of the council of a county district, then, for the purposes of section one and of subsections

(1) and (2) of section two of this Act—

(a) the council of the county shall be deemed to be a local

planning authority; and

(b) if the council of the county district have relinquished

all their powers under the said enactments, they shall be deemed not to be a local planning authority.

(3) For the purposes of section one and of subsections (1) and

(2) of section two of this Act, a joint committee appointed under section three or four of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1932, or under a repealed enactment relating to town planning shall be deemed to be a local planning authority.

1945* Licensing Planning Ch. 15, 16. 111

(Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945.

14. —(1) In this Act, the expression " the Minister" means Interpretation, the Minister of Town and Country Planning, the expression

"war damage" has the meaning assigned to it by section two of the War Damage Act, 1943, the expression " licence '' means a 6 & 7 Geo. 6. justices' licence and includes such a licence which is in suspense c* by virtue of section ten of the Finance Act, 1942, and other expressions which are used in the Licensing (Consolidation)

Act, 1910, have the same meanings as in that Act.

(2) Save as otherwise expressly provided, the provisions of this Act are without prejudice to the provisions of any other Act with respect to licensing and licensed premises, and in particular, and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words, nothing in this Act shall, save as* aforesaid, be construed as prejudicing the exercise as respects licensed premises of any of the powers of any authority under the enactments relating to town and country planning with respect to the acquisition of land or the control of use of land.

15. This Act shall continue in force until the expiration of five Duration years from the date on which the Emergency Powers (Defence) of Act.

Act, 1939, ceases to be in force, and shall then expire : 2 & 3 Geo. 6.

Provided that on the expiration of this Act, subsection (2) of c# 62‘ section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates 52 & 53 Vict, to the effect of repeals), shall have effect as if this Act had then c- 63* been repealed by another Act.

16. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Licensing Planning short title

(Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945. and extent.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

CflAPTER 16.

An Act to provide for suspending the operation of certain statutes of limitation in relation to proceedings affecting persons who have been enemies or have been detained in enemy territory.

[28th March 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) If at any time before the expiration of the period Suspension of prescribed by any statute of limitation for the bringing of any limitation action any person who would have been a necessary party to that I**1 where action if it had then been brought was an enemy or was detained enemvoi8 in enemy territory, the said period shall be deemed not to have detained in run while the said person was an enemy or was so detained, and enemy shall in no case expire before the end of twelve months from the territory.

112

Interpretation.

2 & 3 Geo. 6 c. 89.

Ch. 16. Limitation 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Enemies and War Prisoners) Act, 1945.

date when he ceased to be an enemy o* to be so detained, or from the date of the passing of this Act, whichever is the later:

Provided that, where any person was only an enemy as respects a business carried on in enemy territory, this section shall only apply, so far as that person is concerned, to actions arising in the course of that business.

(2) If it is proved in any action that any person was resident or carried on business or was detained in enemy territory at any time, he shall for the purposes of this Act be presumed to have continued to be resident or to carry on business or to be detained, as the case may be, in that territory until it ceased to be enemy territory, unless it is proved that he ceased to be resident or to carry on business or to be detained in that territory at an earlier date.

(3) If two or more periods have occurred in which any person who would have been such a necessary party as aforesaid was an enemy or was detained in enemy territory, those periods shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as one continuous such period beginning with the beginning of the first period and ending with the end of the last period.

2.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say :—

" action" means civil proceedings before any court or tribunal and includes arbitration proceedings;

" enemy" means any person who is, or is deemed to be, an enemy for any of the purposes of the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939, except that in ascertaining whether a person is such an enemy the expression " enemy territory " in section two of the said Act shall have the meaning assigned to that expression by this section;

‘ enemy territory" means :—

(a) any area which is enemy territory as defined by subsection (1) of section fifteen of the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939;

(b) any area in relation to which the provisions of the said Act apply, by virtue of an order made under subsection (ia) of the said section fifteen, as they apply in relation to enemy territory as so defined; and

(c) any area which, by virtue of Regulation six or Regulation seven of the Defence (Trading with the Enemy) Regulations, 1940, or any order made thereunder, is treated for any of the purposes of the said Act as enemy territory as so defined or such territory as is referred to in the last foregoing paragraph;

I945*

Limitation

(Enemies and War Prisoners) , T945.

Ch. 16.

113

" statute of limitation" means any of the following enactments, that is to say,—

the Limitation Act, 1939, 2 & 3 Geo. 6.

c. 21.

section three of the Fatal Accidents Act, 1846, 9 & 10 Vict.

C 03

section four of the Employers’ Liability Act, 1880, 43 & 44 vict.

C#

section ten of the Copyright Act, 1911, x'& Geo. 5.

section eight of the Maritime Conventions Act, 1911, Geo. 5.

Rule 6 of Article III of the Schedule to the Carriage c‘ 3 5I\ - r.n of Goods by Sea Act, 1924, c, 22.

subsection (1) of section thirteen of the Moneylenders 17 & 18 Geo. 5. Act, 1927, c- 21

Article 29 of the First Schedule to the Carriage by 22 & 23 Geo. 5. Air Act, 1932, c. 34.

section one of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous 24 & 25 Geo. 5. Provisions) Act, 1934, c- 41-

subsection (1) of section seven of the Matrimonial 1 Edw. 8 & Causes Act, 1937. 1 Geo. 6- c* 57'

(2) References in this Act to any person who would have been a necessary party to an action shall be construed as including references to any person who would have been such a necessary party but for the provisions of section seven of the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939, or any order made thereunder.

(3) References in this Act to the period during which any person was detained in enemy territory shall be construed as including references to any period immediately following the period of such detention during which that person remained in enemy territory.

(4) Subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939 (which provides that a certificate of a Secretary of State shall, for the purposes of proceedings under or arising out of that Act, be conclusive evidence of certain matters affecting the definition of "enemy territory ") shall apply for the purposes of any action to which this Act relates.

(5) References in this Act to any enactment or to any Defence Regulation shall be construed as referring to that enactment or Regulation as amended by any subsequent enactment or Defence Regulation.

3. This Act shall apply to proceedings to which the Crown is a Application party, including proceedings to which His Majesty is a party in

right of the Duchy of Lancaster and proceedings in respect of

property belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall.

H

114

Application to Scotland.

12 Geo. 3. c. 72.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 61.

Application

Northern

Ireland.

Ch. 16. Limitation 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Enemies and War Prisoners) Act, 1945.

4. In the application of this Act to Scotland—

(a) for subsection (1) of section one the following subsection shall be substituted :—

" (1) If, during any period of less than ten years prescribed by any of the enactments hereinafter referred to as the period within which any action or diligence must be raised or executed or on the expiry of which any limitation on the mode of proof in any action becomes operative or any obligation is extinguished, any person who would have been a necessary party to such action or who was a party to such obligation was an enemy or was detained in enemy territory, the period so prescribed shall be deemed not to have run while the said person was an enemy or was so detained and shall in no case expire before the end of twelve months from the date when he ceased to be an enemy or to be so detained or from the date of the passing of this Act whichever is the later :

Provided that where any person was only an enemy as respects a business carried on in enemy territory, this section shall only apply so far as that person is concerned to actions or obligations arising in the course of that business.

The enactments hereinbefore referred to are—

the Act of the Parliament of Scotland, 1579 cap. 21,

the Act of the Parliament of Scotland. 1669 cap. 14,

the Act of the Parliament of Scotland, 1695 cap. 7,

section thirty-seven of the Bills of Exchange (Scotland) Act 1772,

section four of the Employers' Liability Act, 1880,

section one of the Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893,

section ten of the Copyright Act, 1911,

section eight of the Maritime Conventions Act, 1911,

Rule 6 of Article III of the Schedule to the Carriage of Goods by Sea Act, 1924,

subsection (1) of section thirteen of the Moneylenders Act, 1927,

Article 29 of the First Schedule to the Carriage by Air Act, 1932;"

(b) in subsection (3) of section one after the words "necessary party" there shall be inserted the words "or was a party to such obligation ".

> 5. In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, the

expression " statute of limitation" means any enactment (whether of the Irish Parliament or of the Parliament of the United Kingdom: or of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) in force in Northern

1945- Limitation Ch. 16, 17. 115

(Enemies and War Prisoners) Act, 1945.

Ireland at the date of the passing of this Act under which a period is prescribed as the period within which any action to which such enactment relates is required to be brought, but does not include any enactment prescribing a period within which any criminal proceedings, or any proceedings to recover any penalty imposed as a punishment for a criminal offence, or any proceedings before a court of summary jurisdiction must be brought.

6.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Limitation (Enemies and Short title

War Prisoners) Act, 1945. and date of

operation.

(2) This Act shall be deemed to have had effect as from the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine.

CHAPTER 17.

Wages Councils Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

Establishment of Wages Councils.

Section.

1. Power of Minister to establish wages councils.

2. Applications for wages council orders and reference to commission

of inquiry.

3. References to commission of inquiry without application for wages

council order.

4. Proceedings on references to commission of inquiry.

5. Making of wages council orders.

6. Variation and revocation of wages council orders.

7. General provisions as to wages councils.

8. Central co-ordinating committees.

9. General provisions as to commissions of inquiry.

Part II.

Wages Regulation Orders.

10. Power to fix remuneration and holidays.

11. Effect and enforcement of wages regulation orders.

12. Permits to infirm and incapacitated persons.

13. Computation of remuneration.

14. Employers not to receive premiums.

15. Records and notices.

16. Criminal liability of agent and superior employer and special defence

open to employer.

17. Officers.

18. Penalty for false entries in records, producing false records or giving

false information.

Ch. 17.

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

116

Part III.

Temporary Continuance of certain Provisions of Conditions of Employment and National Arbitration Order, 1940.

Section.

19. Re-enactment with modifications of Part III of S.R. & O. 1940,

No. 1305, as amended.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous and General.

20. Existing trade boards to become wages councils.

21. Orders and regulations.

22. Expenses

23. Interpretation.

24. Application to Scotland.

25. Short title, extent and repeal.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Constitution, officers and proceedings of wages councils and of central co-ordinating committees.

Second Schedule.—Constitution, officers and proceedings of commissions of inquiry.

Third Schedule.—Provisions of Part III of the Conditions of Employment and National Arbitration Order, 1940, as modified.

Fourth Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

An Act to provide for the establishment of wages councils, and otherwise for the regulation of the remuneration and conditions of employment of workers in certain circumstances.

[28th March 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Establishment of Wages Councils.

Power of 1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the Minister to Minister of Labour and National Service (hereafter in this

wages councils. ^ct re^errec^ to as " the Minister ") may by order establish a e wages council to perform, in relation to the workers described

in the order and their employers, the functions specified in the subsequent provisions of this Act.

1945- Wages Councils Ch. 17. 117

Act, 1945.

(2) An order establishing a wages council (hereafter in this Part i. Act referred to as a " wages council order ") may be made by the Minister either—

(a) if he is of opinion that no adequate machinery exists for the effective regulation of the remuneration of the workers described in the order and that, having regard to the remuneration existing amongst those workers or any of them, it is expedient that such a council should be established; or

(b) in the circumstances hereinafter specified, in pursuance of a wages council recommendation made in accordance with the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Act.

2.—(1) An application for the establishment of a wages Applications council with respect to any workers and their employers may for wages be made to the Minister either— SdSESS

(a) by a joint industrial council, conciliation board or to commission other similar body constituted by organisationsof inquiry* representative respectively of those workers and their employers; or

(b) jointly by any organisation of workers and any organisation of employers which claim to be organisations that habitually take part in the settlement of remuneration and conditions of employment for those workers.

on the ground, in either case, that the existing machinery for the settlement of remuneration and conditions of employment for those workers is likely to cease to exist or be adequate for that purpose.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this and the next succeeding subsection, where such an application as aforesaid is made to the Minister, the Minister shall—

(a) if he is satisfied, in the case of an application under paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection, that the claim'of the organisations habitually to take part in the settlement of remuneration and conditions of employment for those workers is well-founded and, in any case, that there are sufficient grounds to justify the reference of the application to a commission of inquiry, refer the application to such a commission to inquire into and report on the application;

(b) if he is not so satisfied, notify the applicants to that effect, in which case no further steps shall be taken on the application unless and until he is so satisfied by fresh facts brought to his notice:

n8 Ch. i7. Wages Councils 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part i. Provided that before taking either of the said courses, the —cow/. Minister may require the applicants to furnish such information, if any, in relation to the application as he considers necessary.

(3) If, on considering an application under subsection (1) of this section, it appears to the Minister either—

(a) that there is a joint industrial council, conciliation board or other similar body constituted by organisations of workers and organisations of employers, being a council, board or body which would or might be affected by the establishment of a wages council in pursuance of the application; or

(b) that there are organisations of workers and organisations of employers representative respectively ob workers other than workers to whom the application relates and their employers, who would or might be affected by the establishment of a wages council as aforesaid,

being a council, board or body, or, as the case may be, organisations, which are parties to joint voluntary machinery for the settlement of remuneration and conditions of employment but are not parties to the application for a wages council, the Minister shall, before deciding to refer the application to a commission of inquiry, give notice of the application to that council, board or body or, as the case may be, to those organisations, shall consider any observations in writing which may be submitted to him by them within such period as he may direct, not being less than one month from the date of the notice, and, if he decides to refer the application to a commission of inquiry, shall transmit a copy of ‘the observations to the commission.

(4) If, before an application is referred to a commission of inquiry, it is withdrawn by the applicants, no further proceedings shall be had thereon.

References to 3. Without prejudice to the provisions of the last preceding commission of section, the Minister, if, in his opinion, no adequate machinery without exists for the effective regulation of the remuneration of any application for workers or the existing machinery is likely to cease to exist or wages council be adequate for that purpose and a reasonable standard of order. remuneration amongst those workers will not be maintained,

may, without any such application as is mentioned in that section, refer to a commission of inquiry the question whether a wages council should be established with respect to any of those workers and their employers.

1945-

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

Ch. 17.

119

4.—(1) Where the Minister makes a reference to a commis- Part i. sion of inquiry under either of the two last preceding sections, it shall be the duty of the commission to consider not only ^°^ences the subject matter of the reference but also any other question to commission or matter which, in the opinion of the commission, is relevant of inquiry, thereto, and in particular to consider whether there are any other workers (being workers who, in the opinion of the commission, are engaged in work which is complementary, subsidiary or closely allied to the work performed by the workers specified in the reference or any of them) whose position should be dealt with together with that of the workers, or some of the workers, specified as aforesaid; and, in relation to any such reference to a commission of inquiry, any reference in this Part of this Act to the workers with whom the commission is concerned shall be construed as a reference to the workers specified as aforesaid and any such other workers as aforesaid.

(2) If the commission is of opinion with respect to the workers with whom it is concerned or any of those workers whose position should, in the opinion of the commission, be separately dealt with—

(a) that there exists machinery set up by agreement between organisations representing workers and employers respectively which is, or which can, by improvements which it is practicable to secure, be made, adequate for regulating the remuneration and conditions of employment of those workers; and

(b) that there is no reason to believe that that machinery is likely to cease to exist or be adequate for that purpose,

the commission shall report to the Minister accordingly and may include in its report any suggestions which it may think fit to make as to the improvement of that machinery.

(3) Where any such suggestions are so included, the Minister shall take such steps as appear to him to be expedient and practicable to secure the improvements in question.

(4) If the commission is of opinion with respect to the workers with whom it is concerned or any of those workers whose position should, in the opinion of the commission, be separately dealt with—

(a) that machinery for regulating the remuneration and conditions of employment of those workers is not, and cannot, by any improvements which it is

120

Ch. 17.

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I. practicable to secure, be made, adequate for that

—cont- purpose, or does not exist; or

(b) that the existing machinery is likely to cease to exist or be adequate for that purpose,

and that as a result a reasonable standard of remuneration amongst those workers is not being or will not be maintained, the commission may make a report to the Minister embodying a recommendation (in this Act referred to as a " wages council recommendation ") for the establishment of a wages council in respect of those workers and their employers.

(5) Where the Minister receives a wages council recommendation, he may, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, if he thinks fit, make a wages council order giving effect to the recommendation.

(6) In considering for the purposes of this section whether any machinery is, or is likely to remain, adequate for regulating the remuneration and conditions of employment of any workers, the commission shall consider not only what matters are capable of being dealt with by that machinery, but also to what extent those matters are covered by the agreements or awards arrived at or given thereunder, and to what extent the practice is, or is likely to be, in accordance with those agreements or awards.

Making of wages council orders.

5.—(1) Before making a wages council order, whether in

Elance of a wages council recommendation or not, the ter shall publish, in the prescribed manner, notice of his intention to make the order, specifying a place where copies of a draft thereof may be obtained and the time, which shall not be less than forty days from the date of the publication, within which any objection made with respect to the draft order must be sent to him.

(2) Every objection so made must be in writing and must state—

(a) the specific grounds of objection; and

(b) the omissions, additions or modifications asked for,

and the Minister shall consider any such objection made by or on behalf of any person appearing to him to be affected, being an objection sent to him within the time specified in die notice, but shall not be bound to consider any other objection.

(3) If there are no objections which the Minister is required by the last preceding subsection to consider or if, after considering all such objections, he is of opinion that all those objections either—

(a) in the case of an order to be made in pursuance of a wages council recommendation, were made to the

1945* Wages Councils Ch. 17. i2i

Act, 1945.

commission of inquiry which made the recommenda- Part i. tion and were expressly dealt with in the report —corn. embodying that recommendation; or

(6) in any case, will be met by modifications which he proposes to make under this subsection or are frivolous,

he may make the order either in the terms of the draft or subject to such modifications, if any, as he thinks fit, being modifications which, in his opinion, do not effect important alterations in the character of the draft order as published.

(4) Where the Minister does not proceed under the last preceding subsection, he may, if he thinks fit, either—

(a) amend the draft order, in which case all the provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to the amended draft order as they have effect in relation to an original draft order; or

(b) refer the draft order to a commission of inquiry for inquiry and report, in which case he shall consider its report and may then, if he thinks fit, make an order either in the terms of the draft or with such modifications as he thinks fit.

(5) Where the Minister makes a wages council order, he shall publish it in the prescribed manner, together with the report of any commission of inquiry relating to the order, and the order shall come into operation on the date on which it is so published or on such later date as is specified therein.

6.—(1) The Minister may at any time by order abolish, or Variation and vary the field of operation of, a wages council, and the pro- revocation of visions of the last preceding section shall apply in relation to W{*ges council any such order as they apply in relation to wages councilor ers* orders:

Provided that—

(a) where any of the wages councils affected by the order is one of the councils in relation to which a central co-ordinating committee has been established under the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Act, the Minister, before making the order, shall consult that committee and take into consideration any observations which it may make to him within fourteen days from the date on which the Minister consults it;

(b) where the order directs that a wages council shall cease

to operate in relation to any workers and that another wages council shall operate in relation to

122

Ch. 17.

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I. —coni.

them, but, save as aforesaid, does not affect the field of operation of any wages council—

(i) the provisions of the last preceding section shall not apply; but

(ii) before making the order, the Minister shall consult the councils concerned; and

(iii) when the order is made the Minister shall publish it in the prescribed manner and it shall come into operation on the date on which it is so published or on such later date as is specified therein.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of the preceding subsection, an application for the abolition of a wages council may be made to the Minister jointly by organisations of workers and organisations of employers which represent respectively substantial proportions of the workers and employers with respect to whom that council operates, on the ground that those organisations jointly provide machinery which is, and is likely to remain, adequate for the effective regulation of remuneration and conditions of employment for those workers, and where such an application is made, the Minister shall either make an order giving effect to the application or refer the application to a commission of inquiry to inquire into and report thereon; and where an application is so referred to such a commission, the last preceding section shall, in relation to an order made in pursuance of a recommendation of that commission, have effect as if any reference in that section to a wages council recommendation included a reference to the recommendation aforesaid.

(3) Where an order of the Minister directs that a wages council shall cease to operate in relation to any workers and that another wages council shall operate in relation to them, the order may provide that anything done by, or to give effect to proposals made by, the first-mentioned council shall have effect in relation to those workers as if it had been done by, or to give effect to proposals made by, the second-mentioned council and may make such further provision as appears to the Minister to be expedient in connection with the transition.

(4) Where an order of the Minister under this section directs that a wages council shall be abolished or shall cease to operate in relation to any workers, then, save as is otherwise provided by the order, anything done by, or to give effect to proposals made by, the wages council shall, except as respects things previously done or omitted to be done, cease to have effect or, as the case may be, cease to have effect in

1945* Wages Councils Ch. 17, 123

Act, 1945.

relation to the workers in relation to whom the council ceases Part i. to operate. —cont.

(5) In considering for the purposes of this section whether any machinery is, or is likely to remain, adequate for the effective regulation of the remuneration and conditions of employment of any workers, a commission of inquiry shall consider not only what matters are capable of being dealt with by that machinery, but also to what extent those matters are covered by the agreements or awards arrived at or given thereunder, and to what extent the practice is, or is likely to be, in accordance with those agreements or awards.

7.—(1) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act General shall have effect with respect to the constitution, officers and *

proceedings of wages councils. council?

(2) A wages council shall consider, as occasion requires, any matter referred to it by the Minister or any government department with reference to the industrial conditions prevailing as respects the workers and employers in relation to whom it operates, and shall make a report upon the matter to the Minister or, as the case may be, to that department, and a Wages council may, if it thinks it expedient so to do, make of its own motion a recommendation to the Minister or any government department with reference to the said conditions and, where such a recommendation is so made, the Minister or, as the case may be, that department, shall forthwith take it into consideration.

8.—(1) The Minister may, if he thinks fit so to do, by order Central establish a central co-ordinating committee in relation to any ?^£^ating two or more wages councils, or abolish, or vaiy the field of 1 ee8‘ operation of, any central co-ordinating committee so established:

Provided that, except where the next succeeding subsection applies, the Minister shall, before making any such order, consult the wages councils concerned.

(2) Where a commission of inquiry makes a wages council recommendation or a recommendation for the abolition of a wages council, it may include in its report—

(a) in the case of a wages council recommendation, a recommendation for the establishment, in relation to any wages council established in accordance with the recommendation and any other wages council, of a central co-ordinating committee, or for the variation of the field of operation of an existing central co-ordinating committee so that it operates

124 Ch. J7- Wages Councils 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part i. ' also in connection with any wages council so —cont established;

(6) in the case of a recommendation for the abolition of a wages council, a recommendation for the variation of the field of operation of an existing central co-ordinating committee so that it no longer operates in relation to the council to be abolished, or a recommendation for the abolition of any existing central co-ordinating committee theretofore operating in relation to the wages council to be abolished,

and the Minister may make an order giving effect to the recommendation.

(3) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the constitution, officers and proceedings of any such central co-ordinating committee.

(4) It shall be the duty of any central co-ordinating committee from time to time—

(a) to consider whether the field of operation of the wages councils in relation to which it is established is properly divided as between those councils and to report thereon to the Minister;

(b) to make recommendations to those councils with respect to the principles to be followed by them in the exercise of their powers under this Act;

(c) to consider any question referred to it by the Minister or by the said councils or any two or more of them, and to report thereon to the Minister, or to the councils which referred the question, as the case may be.

Genera] 9.—(1) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act

provisions as shall have effect with respect to the constitution, officers and erf tnqnTrySi°na °* commissions of inquiry.

(2) Where any application, question or other matter is referred under this Part of this Act to a commission of inquiry, the commission shall make all such investigations as appear to it to be necessary and shall publish in the prescribed manner a notice stating the questions which it is its duty to consider by virtue of the reference and further stating that it will consider representations with respect thereto made to it in writing within such period as may be specified in the notice, not being less than forty days from the date of the publication thereof; and it shall consider any representations made to it within that period and then make such

1945-

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

Ch. 17.

125

further inquiries as it considers necessary including, so far Part i. as it considers necessary, the hearing of oral evidence. —cont.

(3) Any power conferred by this Part of this Act on the Minister to make an order giving effect to a recommendation of a commission of inquiry shall be construed as including power to make an order giving effect to that recommendation with such modifications as he thinks fit, being modifications which, in his opinion, do not effect important alterations in the character of the recommendation.

(4) Where the Minister receives any report from a commission of inquiry he may, if he thinks fit, refer the report back to the Commission and the commission shall thereupon reconsider it having regard to any observations made by him and shall make a further report, and the like proceedings shall be had on any such further report as in the case of an original report.

Part II.

Wages Regulation Orders.

10.—(1) Subject to and in accordance with the provisions Power to of this section, any wages council shall have power to submitfix to the Minister proposals (hereafter in this Act referred to as " wages regulation proposals ")—

(a) for fixing the remuneration to be paid, either generally or for any particular work, by their employers to all or any of the workers in relation to whom the council operates;

(b) for requiring all or any such workers as aforesaid to be allowed holidays by their employers.

The power to submit proposals for fixing remuneration shall include power to submit proposals for fixing holiday remuneration.

(2) Wages regulation proposals for requiring a worker to be allowed a holiday shall not be made unless both holiday remuneration in respect of the period of the holiday and remuneration other than holiday remuneration have been or are being fixed under this Part of this Act for that worker, shall provide for the duration of the holiday being related to the duration of the period for which the worker has been employed or engaged to be employed by the employer who is to allow the holiday, and, subject as aforesaid, may make provision as to the times at which or the periods within which, and the circumstances in which, the holiday shall be allowed; and wages regulation proposals for fixing holiday

126

Ch. 17.

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part ii. remuneration may contain provisions as to the times at which,

4 _ J i L J _ 1 1 _ *1 jL 1 A 1 11

and the conditions subject to which, that remuneration shall accrue and shall become payable, and for securing that any such remuneration which has accrued due to a worker during his employment by any employer shall, in the event of his ceasing to be employed by that employer before he becomes entitled to be allowed a holiday by him, nevertheless become payable by the employer to the worker.

(3) Before submitting any wages regulation proposals to the Minister, a wages council shall make such investigations as it thinks fit and shall publish, in the prescribed manner, notice of the proposals, stating the place where copies of the proposals may be obtained and the period (which, until the date declared by His Majesty in Council under section four of

3 & 4 Geo. 6. the Trade Boards and Road Haulage Wages (Emergency

Provisions) Act, 1940, to be the date on which the emergency that was the occasion of the passing of that Act came to an end, shall not be less than fourteen days, and thereafter shall not be less than twenty-one days, from the date of the publication of the notice) within which written representations with respect to the proposals may be sent to the council; and the council shall consider any written representations made to it within that period and snail make such further inquiries as it considers necessary and may then submit the proposals to the Minister either without amendment or with such amendments as it thinks fit having regard to the representations:

Provided that—

(a) if the council, before publishing its proposals, resolves that, in the event of no representation with respect to the proposals being made to it within the said period, the proposals shall, without more, be submitted to the Minister, the proposals shall, if no representation is so made, be submitted to the Minister accordingly;

(b) where a central co-ordinating committee has been established in relation to wages councils of which the council submitting the proposals is one, the council shall, when it submits its proposals to the Minister, at the same time transmit a

sideration any observations which that committee may make to him thereon within fourteen days from the date on which the proposals were submitted to him.

(4) Where the Minister receives any wages regulation proposals, he shall make an order (hereafter in this Act referred

committee and the Minister

1945-

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

Ch. 17.

127

to as a " wages regulation order ") giving effect to the pro- Part ii. posals as from such date as may be specified in the order: —cent.

Provided that the Minister may, if he thinks fit, refer the proposals back to the council and the council shall thereupon reconsider them having regard to any observations made by the Minister and may, if it thinks fit, re-submit the proposals to the Minister either without amendment or with such amendments as it thinks fit having regard to those observations; and where proposals are so re-submitted, the like proceedings shall be had thereon as in the case of original proposals.

The date to be so specified shall be a date subsequent to the date of the order, and where, as respects any worker who is paid wages at intervals not exceeding seven days, the date so specified does not correspond with the beginning of the period for which the wages are paid, the order shall, as respects that worker, become effective as from the beginning of the next such period following the date specified in the order.

(5) As soon as the Minister has made a wages regulation order, he shall give notice of the making thereof to the wages council and that council shall give such notice of the order and the contents thereof as may be prescribed for the purpose of informing, so far as practicable, all persons who will be thereby affected.

(6) Any wages regulation proposals and any wages regulation order for giving effect thereto may make different provision for different cases, and may also contain provision for the amendment or revocation of previous wages regulation orders.

(7) No wages regulation order shall have effect so as to prejudice any rights as to remuneration or holidays conferred on any worker by or under any Act other than this Act.

(8) Remuneration (including holiday remuneration) fixed by a wages regulation order is hereafter in this Act referred to as " statutory minimum remuneration ".

11.—(1) If a contract between a worker to whom a wages Effect and regulation order applies and his employer provides for the enforcement payment of less remuneration than the statutory minimum oi w*8«9 remuneration, it shall have effect as if for that less remunera- *14°n tion there were substituted the statutory minimum remuneration, and if any such contract provides for the payment of any holiday remuneration at times or subject to conditions other than those specified in the order, it shall have effect as if for those times or conditions there were substituted the times or conditions specified in the order.

128

Part II.

—cont.

Permits to infirm and incapacitated persons.

Ch. 17. Wages Councils 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(2) If an employer fails to pay to a worker to whom a wages regulation order applies remuneration not less than the statutory minimum remuneration, or fails to pay to any such worker holiday remuneration at the times and subject to the conditions specified in the order or fails to allow to any such worker the holidays fixed by the order, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds for each offence, and where the employer or any other person charged as a person to whose act or default the offence was due has been found guilty of an offence under this section consisting of a failure to pay remuneration not less than the statutory minimum remuneration, the court may order the employer to pay such sum as is found by the court to represent the difference between the amount which ought to have been paid to the worker by way of remuneration, if the provisions of this Part of this Act had been complied with, and the amount actually so paid.

(3) Where proceedings are brought under the last preceding subsection in respect of an offence consisting of a failure to pay remuneration not less than the statutory minimum remuneration, then, if notice of intention so to do has been served with the summons, warrant or complaint,—

(a) evidence may, on the employer or any other person charged as a person to whose act or default the offence was due having been found guilty of the offence, be given of any like contravention on the

Sart of the employer in respect of any period during ie two years immediately preceding the date of the offence; and

(6) on proof of the failure, the court may order the employer to pay such sum as is found by the court to represent the difference between the amount which ought to have been paid during that period to the worker by way of remuneration, if the provisions of this Part of this Act had been complied with, and the amount actually so paid.

(4) The powers given by this section for the recovery of sums due from an employer to a worker shall not be in derogation of any right to recover such sums by civil proceedings.

12.—(1) If, as respects any worker employed or desiring to be employed in such circumstances that a wages regulation order applies or will apply to him, the wages council is satisfied on application being made to it for a permit under this section either by the worker or the employer or a prospective employer, that the worker is affected by infirmity or physical incapacity which renders him incapable of earning the statutory minimum remuneration, it may, if it thinks fit, grant,

1945- Wages Councils Ch. 17.

Act, 1945.

subject to such conditions, if any, as it may determine, a permit authorising his employment at less than the statutory minimum remuneration, and while the permit is in force the remuneration authorised to be paid to him by the permit shall, if those conditions are complied with, be deemed to be the statutory minimum remuneration.

(2) Where an employer employs any worker in reliance on any document purporting to be a permit granted under the preceding subsection authorising the employment of that worker at less than the statutory minimum remuneration, then, if the employer has notified the wages council in question that, relying on that document, he is employing or proposing to employ that worker at a specified remuneration, the document shall, notwithstanding that it is not or is no longer a valid permit relating to that worker, be deemed, subject to the terms thereof and as respects only any period after the notification, to be such a permit until notice to the contrary is received by the employer from the council.

13.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any refer- Computation ence in this Part of this Act to remuneration shall be construed of as a reference to the amount obtained or to be obtained inreinuneration cash by the worker from his employer after allowing for the worker's necessary expenditure, if any, in connection with his employment, and clear of all deductions in respect of any matter whatsoever, except any deduction lawfully made—

(a) under the Income Tax Acts, the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1935 to 1944, the National Health Insurance Acts, 1936 to 1941, or any enactment requiring or authorising deductions to be made for the purposes of a superannuation scheme;

(b) at the request in writing of the worker, either for the purposes of a superannuation scheme or a thrift scheme or for any purpose in the carrying out of which the employer has no beneficial financial interest, whether directly or indirectly; or

(c) in pursuance of, or in accordance with, such a contract in that behalf as is mentioned in section one, two or three of the Truck Act, 1896, and in accord- 56 & 60 Vict, ance with the provisions of that section. c. 44.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section, wages regulation proposals and wages regulation orders may contain provisions authorising specified benefits or advantages, being benefits or advantages provided, in pursuance of the terms and conditions of the employment of workers, by the employer or by some other person under arrangements with the employer and not being benefits or

I

129

Part II. —coni.

130

Part II.

—coni

Employers to receive premiums.

Ch. 17. Wages Councils 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

advantages the provision of which is illegal by virtue of the Truck Acts, 1831 to 1940, or of any other enactment, to be reckoned as payment of' wages by the employer in lieu of payment in cash, and defining the value at which any such benefits or advantages are to be reckoned.

(3) If any payment is made by a worker in respect of any benefit or advantage provided as mentioned in the last preceding subsection, then,—

(a) if the benefit or advantage is authorised by virtue of that subsection to be reckoned as therein mentioned, the amount of the payment shall be deducted from the defined value for the purposes of the reckoning;

(b) if the benefit or advantage is authorised by virtue of that subsection to be reckoned as therein mentioned, any excess of the amount of the payment over the defined value shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section as if it had been a deduction not being one of the excepted deductions therein mentioned;

(c) if the benefit or advantage is specified in a wages regulation order as one which has been taken into account in fixing the statutory minimum remuneration, the whole of the payment shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section as if it had been a deduction not being one of the excepted deductions therein mentioned.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising the making of any deduction, or the giving of remuneration in any manner, which is illegal by virtue of the Truck Acts, 1831 to 1940, or of any other enactment.

14.—(1) Where a worker to whom a wages regulation order applies is an apprentice or learner, it shah not be lawful for his employer to receive directly or indirectly from him, or on his behalf or on his account, any payment by way of premium:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall apply to any such payment duly made in pursuance of any instrument of apprenticeship not later than four weeks after the commencement of the apprenticeship or to any such payment made at any time if duly made in pursuance of any instrument of apprenticeship approved for the purposes of this proviso by a wages council.

(2) If any employer acts in contravention of this section, he snail be liable on summary conviction in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and the court

1945- Wages Councils Ch. 17.

Act, 1945.

may, in addition to imposing a fine, order him to repay to the worker or other person by whom the payment was made the sum improperly received by way of premium.

15. —(1) The employer of any workers to whom a wages Records and. regulation order applies shall keep such records as are neces-

sary to show whether or not the provisions of this Part of this Act are being complied with as respects them, and the records shall be retained by the employer for three years.

(2) The employer of any workers shall post in the prescribed manner such notices as may be prescribed for the purpose of informing them of any wages regulation proposals or wages regulation order affecting them, and, if it is so prescribed, shall give notice in any other prescribed manner to the said workers of the said matters and of such other matters, if any, as may be prescribed.

(3) If an employer fails to comply with any of the require-

ments of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

16. —(1) Where the immediate employer of any worker is £ri°^nal

himself in the employment of some other person and that agent^nd worker is employed on the premises of that other person, that superior other person shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act be employer, »and deemed to be the employer of that worker jointly with the special defence immediate employer. °Pei5to

r employer.

(2) Where an employer is charged with an offence under this Part of this Act, he shall be entitled. Upon information duly laid by him and on giving to the prosecution not less than three days' notice in writing of his intention, to have . any other person to whose act or default he alleges that the offence in question was due brought before the court at the time appointed for the hearing of the charge; and if, after the commission of the offence has been proved, the employer proves that the offence was due*to the act or the default of that other person, that other person may be convicted of the offence, and, if the employer further proves that he has used all due diligence to secure that this Part of this Act and any relevant regulation or order made thereunder are complied with, he shall be acquitted of the offence.

(3) Where a defendant seeks to avail himself of the provisions of subsection (2) of this section: —

(a) the prosecution, as well as the person whom the defendant charges with the offence, shall have the right to cross-examine him if he gives evidence and any witnesses called by him in support of his pleas and to call rebutting evidence;

131

Part II.

—cont.

132

Ch. 17.

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Ge#. 6.

Part ii (6) the court may make such order as it thinks fit for the

—C0nL payment of costs by any party to the proceedings to

any other party thereto.

(4) Where it appears to an officer acting for the purposes of this Part of tins Act that an offence has been committed in respect of which proceedings might be taken under this Part of this Act against an employer, and the officer is reasonably satisfied that the offence of which complaint is made was due to an act or default of some other person and that the employer could establish a defence under subsection (2) of this section, the officer may cause proceedings to be taken against that other person without first causing proceedings to be taken against the employer.

In any such proceedings the defendant may be charged with and, on proof that the offence was due to his act or default, be convicted of, the offence with which the employer might have been charged.

Officers. 17.—(1) The Minister, with the approval of the Treasury as

to numbers and salaries, may appoint officers to act for the purposes of this Part of this Act, and may, in lieu of or in addition to appointing any officers under this section, arrange with any government department that officers of that department shall act for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(2) Every officer acting for the purposes of this Part of this Act shall be furnished by the Minister with a certificate of his appointment or authority so to act, and when acting under this Part of this Act shall, if so required by any person affected, produce the certificate to him.

(3) An officer acting for the purposes of this Part of this Act shall have power for the performance of his duties—

(a) to require the production of wages sheets or other records of wages kept by an employer, and records of payments made to outworkers by persons giving out work, and any other such records as are required by this Part of this Act to be kept by employers, and to inspect and examine those sheets or records and copy any material part thereof;

(b) to require any person giving out work and any outworker to give any information which it is in his power to give with respect to the names and addresses of the persons to whom the work is given out or from whom the work is received, as the case may be, and with respect to the payments to be made for the work;

(c) at all reasonable times to enter any premises at which any employer to whom a wages regulation order

1945- Wages Councils Ch. 17.

Act, 1945.

applies carries on his business (including any place used, in connection with that business, for giving out work to outworkers and any premises which the officer has reasonable cause to believe to be used by or by arrangement with the employer to provide living accommodation for workers);

(<£) to inspect and copy any material part of any list of outworkers kept by an employer or person giving out work to outworkers;

(e) to examine, either alone or in the presence of any other person, as he thinks fit, with respect to any matters under this Part of this Act, any person whom he has reasonable cause to believe to be or to have been a worker to whom a wages regulation order applies or applied or the employer of any such person or a servant or agent of the employer employed in the employer’s business and to require every such person to be so examined and to sign a declaration of the truth of the matters in respect of which he is so examined:

Provided that no person shall be required under paragraph (e) of this subsection to give any information tending to criminate himself.

(4) An officer acting for the purposes of this Part of this Act may institute proceedings for any offence under this Part of this Act and may, although not of counsel or a solicitor, conduct any such proceedings.

(5) An officer acting for the purposes of this Part of this Act who is authorised in that behalf by general or special directions of the Minister may, if it appears to him that a sum is due from an employer to a worker on account of the payment to him of remuneration less than the statutory minimum remuneration, institute on behalf of and in the name of that worker civil proceedings for the recovery of that sum and in any such proceedings the court may make an order for the payment of costs by the officer as if he were a party to the proceedings.

The power given by this subsection for the recovery of sums due from an employer to a worker shall not be in derogation of any right of the worker to recover such sums by civil proceedings.

(6) Any person who obstructs an officer acting for the purposes of this Part of this Act in the exercise of any power conferred by this section, or refuses to comply with any requirement of such an officer made in the exercise of any such power, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

133

Part II,

—cont.

134

Ch! i7.

Wages Councils

Ad, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part II.

—cont. Penalty for false entries in records, producing false records or giving false information.

Re-enactment with modifications of Part III of S.R. & O.

1940, No. 1305, as amended.

14 & 15 Geo. 3. c. 37.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. C. 44.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 24.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31.

18. If any person makes or causes to be made or knowingly allows to be made any entry in a record required by Ibis Part of this Act to be kept by employers, which he knows to be false in a material particular, or for purposes connected with this Part of this Act produces or furnishes, or causes or knowingly allows to be produced or furnished, any wages sheet, record, list or information which he knows to be false in a material particular, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

Part III.

Temporary Continuance of certain Provisions of Conditions of Employment and National Arbitration Order, 1940.

19.—(1) As from the day on which Part III of the Conditions of Employment and National Arbitration Order, 1940, made under Regulation fifty-eight AA of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, as amended by any subsequent order made thereunder, ceases to have effect, the provisions set out in the Third Schedule to this Act (being the provisions of the said Part III with certain modifications) shall have effect as respects the employment of workers during the period beginning with that day and ending on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty, and no longer unless Parliament otherwise determines:

Provided that nothing in the said provisions shall apply in relation to any worker with respect to his employment during any period during Which his remuneration or minimum remuneration for the work on which he is employed is fixed by or under the Agricultural Wages (Regulation) Act, 1924 (as amended by or under any subsequent enactment), the Road Haulage Wages Act, 1938, the Catering Wages Act, 1943, the Education Act, 1944, or Part II of this Act, or by or under any Defence Regulation.

(2) Where, at the date on which Part III of the said order ceases to have effect, any question has been referred under that Part of that order by the Minister to the National Arbitration Tribunal constituted under that order, but that Tribunal has not made its award, the like proceedings may be had upon the reference as might have been had if the said Part III had not ceased to have effect.

1945*

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

Ch. 17.

135

Part IV.

Miscellaneous and General.

20.—(1) The Trade Boards Acts, 1909 and 1918, are here- Existing trade

by repealed, and the transitional provisions contained in the boards to

subsequent provisions of this section shall have effect. become wages

councils.

(2) Any trade board established under the said Acts which exists at the commencement of this Act shall, by virtue of this Act and without more, be deemed to be a wages council duly established under Part I of this Act by a wages council order (notwithstanding that its constitution is not in all respects in accordance with the provisions of this Act) and operating in relation to the workers and employers in relation to whom it operated immediately before the commencement of this Act and its style shall be altered accordingly :

Provided that—

(a) the Minister may by order direct that, on such date as may be specified in the order, its constitution shall be in accordance with the provisions of this Act;

(b) until such date as may be so specified, any regulations made under the said Acts with respect to its constitution shall, by virtue of this subsection, continue to have effect.

(3) Any district trade committee established under the said Acts by a wages council when it was a trade board which exists at the commencement of this Act shall, until the Minister by order otherwise directs, continue to exist, and shall be constituted, as nearly as may be, as it would have been if the said Acts had not been repealed, and its members shall have the same rights as to allowances as they would have had if the said Acts had not been repealed; and—

(a) the council may delegate to the committee any of its powers under this Act (except the power to submit wages regulation proposals); and

(b) where, before the date declared by His Majesty in Council under section four of the Trade Boards and Road Haulage Wages (Emergency Provisions)

Act, 1940, to be the date on which the emergency that was the occasion of the passing of that Act came to an end, the council submits any wages regulation proposals to the Minister, it shall, at the same time, inform the committee of the nature of the proposals; and

(c) on and after the date declared by His Majesty as aforesaid, it shall be the duty of the committee to

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

136

Part IV.

—cont.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 70.

9 Edw. 7. c. 22.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 32.

Ch. 17. Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

recommend to the council rates of remuneration for the area for which the committee acts, and no wages regulation proposals shall, so long as the committee exists, be submitted to the Minister by the council unless the proposals give effect to a recommendation of the committee or an opportunity has been given to the committee to report thereon and the council has considered the report (if any) made by the committee.

(4) Any order in force at the commencement of this Act confirming, varying or cancelling any rate under the said Acts or confirming, varying or cancelling holidays provided for by a direction given, or holiday remuneration fixed, under the Holidays with Pay Act, 1938, by a trade board shall have effect as if it were a wages regulation order duly made under Part II of this Act:

Provided that—

(a) the amount of remuneration due to any worker to whom any such order relates shall (subject to any other provision made in that behalf under this Act after the passing thereof) be calculated in like manner as if the enactments repealed by this Act had not been so repealed; and

' (6) where, before the commencement of this Act, notice of proposals to fix, vary or cancel a rate, or as to holidays or holiday remuneration, has been duly given by a trade board, the like proceedings may be had on those proposals as might have been had thereon if the enactments repealed by this Act had not been so repealed, and if an order is made confirming the proposals, that order shall be deemed for the purposes of this subsection to be such an order as is mentioned therein; and

(c) the Trade Boards and Road Haulage (Holiday Period) Order, 1940, made under Regulation fifty-eight AB of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, shall, until the Minister otherwise orders or that Regulation is revoked or expires, continue to have effect in relation to any direction as to holidays given by a trade board in relation to which it had effect immediately before the commencement of this Act.

(5) Any permit granted under subsection (3) of section six of the Trade Boards Act, 1909, as amended by subsection (5) of section five of the Trade Boards Acts, 1918, shall have effect as if it had been granted under the corresponding provision of this Act.

1945-

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

Ch. 17.

137

(6) Any reference in any document (other than an enact- Part IV. ment repealed by this Act) to a trade board shall be construed as including a reference to a wages council.

21. —(1) The Minister may make regulations for prescribing Orders and anything which by this Act is required or authorised to be regulations, prescribed.

(2) Any order of the Minister made under Part I of this Act and any regulation made under any of the provisions of this Act shall (together, in the case of an order, with the report of any commission of inquiry relating thereto) be laid as soon as may be before Parliament, and if either House of Parliament, within forty days after any such order or regulation has been laid before it, resolves that the order or regulation be annulled it shall thenceforth be void but without prejudice to the validity of anything done thereunder in the meantime or to the making of a new order or regulation.

(3) In reckoning the said period of forty days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(4) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall 56 & 57 Vict, not apply to any such order or regulation as is mentioned in c. 66. subsection (2) of this section.

22. The expenses of the Minister in carrying* this Act into Expenses, effect, and any expenses authorised by the Minister with the consent of the Treasury to be incurred by a wages council,

a commission of inquiry, or a central co-ordinating committee established under this Act by order of the Minister, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

23. —(1) In this Act, the following expressions have the Interpretation meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to

say —

" organisation " includes, in relation to workers, an association of trade unions, and, in relation to employers, an association of organisations of employers;

" superannuation scheme" means any enactment, rules, deed or other instrument, providing for the payment of annuities or lump sums to the persons with respect to whom die instrument has effect on their retirement at a specified age or on becoming incapacitated at some earlier age, or to the personal representatives or the widows, relatives or dependants of such persons on their death or otherwise, whether with or without any further or other benefits;

138 Ch. 17. Wages Councils 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part IV. " thrift scheme" means any arrangement for savings,

for providing money for holidays or for other purposes, under which a worker is entitled to receive in cash sums equal to or greater than the aggregate of any sums deducted from his remuneration or paid by him for the purposes of the scheme;

" trade union " includes an association of trade unions;

" wages council " and " commission of inquiry " mean respectively a wages council and a commission of inquiry established or set up under this Act;

0 worker" means any person who has entered into or works under a contract with an employer, whether the contract be for manual labour, clerical work or otherwise, be expressed or implied, oral or in writing and whether it be a contract of service or of apprenticeship or a contract personally to execute any work or labour, except that it does not include any person who is employed casually and otherwise than for the purposes of the employer's business.

(2) Any power conferred by this Act to prescribe the manner in which anything is to be published shall include a power to prescribe the date which is to be taken for % the purposes of this Act as the date of the publication.

Application to Scotland.

1 Edw. 8 &

1 Geo. 6. c. 53.

24. In the application of this Act to Scotland—

(a) for any reference to the Agricultural Wages (Regulation) Act, 1924, there shall be substituted a reference to the Agricultural Wages (Regulation) (Scotland) Act, 1937; and for any reference to the Education Act, 1944, there shall be substituted a reference to the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1942.

(b) section eleven shall have effect as if the words in subsections (2) and (3) " or any other person charged as a person to whose act or default the offence was due were omitted;

(c) section sixteen shall have effect as if subsections (2),

(3), and (4) were omitted and the following subsections were inserted: —

" (2) Where an offence for which an employer is, under this Part of this Act, liable to a fine was due to an act or default of an agent of the employer or other person, then, whether proceedings are or are not taken against the employer, that agent or other person may be charged with and convicted of the offence, and shall be liable on conviction to the same punishment as might have been

1945-

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

Ch. 17.

139

inflicted on the employer if he had been convicted of the offence.

(3) Where an employer who is charged with an offence under this Part of this Act proves to the satisfaction of the court that he has used due diligence to secure compliance with this Part of this Act and any relevant regulation or order made thereunder and that the offence was due to the act or default of some other person, he shall be acquitted of the offence ';

(d) section seventeen shall have effect as if subsection (4) were omitted.

Part IV.

—COfit.

25.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Wages Councils Short title. Act, 1045. extent and

repeal.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) The enactments specified in the first and second columns of the Fourth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Soiedule.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Sections 7 A 8.

Constitution, Officers and Proceedings of Wages Councils and of Central Co-ordinating Committees.

I. A wages council or central co-ordinating committee shall consist of persons appointed by the Minister, being—

(a) not more than three persons chosen by the Minister as being

independent persons;

(b) such number as the Minister thinks fit of persons who, in his

opinion, represent employers in relation to whom the council or, as the case may be, the councils in question, is or are to operate;

(c) such number as the Minister thinks fit of persons who, in his

opinion, represent workers in relation to whom the council or, as the case may be, the councils in question, is or are to operate.

140

Ch. 17.

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

ist Sch. 2. Of the persons appointed under sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 1 —cont. of this Schedule, one shall be appointed by the Minister to act as

chairman, and another may be appointed by the Minister to act as deputy chairman in the absence of the chairman.

3. Before appointing a person under sub-paragraph (b) or sub-paragraph (c) of the said paragraph 1, the Minister shall consult any organisations appearing to him to represent employers, or, as the case may be, workers, concerned, and the persons appointed under those sub-paragraphs shall be equal in number.

4. The Minister may appoint a secretary and such other officers as he thinks fit of a wages council or central co-ordinating committee.

5. The proceedings of a wages council or central co-ordinating committee shall not be invalidated by reason of any vacancy therein or by any defect in the appointment of a member.

6. A wages council or central co-ordinating committee may, if it thinks fit, delegate any of its powers under this Act (except, in the case of a wages council, the power to submit wages regulation proposals) to a committee or, as the case may be, sub-committee consisting of such number of persons, being members of the council or committee, as the council or committee thinks fit:

Provided that the members of the committee or sub-committee representing employers and the members of the committee or subcommittee representing workers shall be equal in number.

7. The Minister may make regulations as to the meetings and procedure of a wages council or central co-ordinating committee and of any committee or, as the case may be, sub-committee thereof, including regulations as to the quorum and the method of voting, but, subject to the provisions of this Act and to any regulations so made, a wages council or central co-ordinating committee and any committee or, as the case may be, sub-committee thereof may regulate its procedure in such manner as it thinks fit.

8. The term for which a member of a wages council or central co-ordinating committee is to hold office shall be such as may be determined by the Minister at the time of his appointment, and the conditions subject to which he is to hold office shall be such as may be prescribed. 9

9. There may be paid to the members of a wages council or central co-ordinating committee appointed under sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule such remuneration, and to any member of any such council or committee, such travelling and other allowances, as the Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine, and all such remuneration and allowances shall be defrayed as part of the expenses of the Minister in carrying this Act into effect.

1945-

Wages Councils

A a, 1945.

Ch. 17

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Section

Constitution, Officers and Proceedings of Commissions of

Inquiry.

1. Every commission of inquiry shall consist of persons appointed by the Minister, being—

[a) not more than three persons chosen by the Minister as being

independent persons;

(b) not more than two persons chosen by the Minister to represent

employers;

(c) not more than two persons chosen by the Minister to represent workers.

2. Of the persons appointed under sub-paragraph («) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, one shall be appointed by the Minister to act as chairman, and another may be appointed by the Minister to act as deputy chairman in the absence of the chairman.

3. The persons appointed by the Minister under sub-paragraphs (b)

and (c) of the said paragraph 1 shall be equal in number and shall be

appointed after such consultation as the Minister may consider necessary with such organisations representing employers and workers respectively as he thinks fit, and the said persons shall be persons who, in the opinion of the Minister, are not connected with or likely to be affected by the matters to be inquired into by the commission.

4. —(1) The Minister may appoint such number of persons as he thinks fit as assessors to be available to any commission of inquiry, being persons who, in the opinion of the Minister, have an expert knowledge of any of the matters with which the commission’s inquiry is eoneerned.

(2) An assessor shall not vote or otherwise be a party to any report or recommendation of the commission.

5. The Minister may appoint a secretary and such other officers as he thinks fit of any commission of inquiry.

6. The proceedings of a commission of inquiry shall not be invalidated by reason of any vacancy therein or by any defect in the appointment of a member.

7. The Minister may make regulations as to the meetings and procedure of commissions of inquiry, including regulations as to the quorum, but subject to the provisions of this Act and to any regulations so made, a commission of inquiry may regulate its procedure in such

. manner as it thinks fit.

8. There shall be paid to members of, and assessors to, any commission of inquiry such remuneration and such travelling and other allowances as the Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine, and all such remuneration and allowances shall be defrayed as part of the expenses of the Minister in carrying this Act into effect.

I42

Ch. 17.

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Section 19.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Provisions of Part III of the Conditions of Employment and National Arbitration Order, 1940, as modified.

1. —(1) Where in any trade or industry in any district terms and conditions of employment are established which have been settled by machinery of negotiation or arbitration to which the parties are organisations of employers and trade unions representative respectively of substantial proportions of the employers and workers engaged in that trade or industry in that district (hereinafter referred to as " recognised terms and conditions "), all employers in that trade or industry in that district shall observe the recognised terms and conditions or such terms and conditions of employment as are not less favourable than the recognised terms and conditions.

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph and subject to the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Schedule terms and conditions of employment shall not be deemed to be less favourable than the recognised terms and conditions if they are in accordance with the terms and conditions relating to workers engaged in similar work which are applicable under—

(a) any agreement to which the parties are organisations of employers and trade unions which are representative respectively of substantial proportions of the employers and workers engaged or employed in the trade or industry in the district in which the employer is engaged; or

(b) any decision of a joint industrial council, conciliation board

or other similar body constituted by organisations of employers and trade unions which are representative respectively of substantial proportions of the employers and workers engaged or employed in the trade or industry in the district in which the employer is engaged; or

(c) in the absence of any such agreement or decision as is mentioned

in the foregoing provisions of this sub-paragraph, any agreement between the particular employer concerned and a trade union which is representative of a substantial proportion of workers employed in the trade or industry in which the employer is engaged; or

(d) any award made by the National Arbitration Tribunal constituted under the Conditions of Employment and National Arbitration Order, 1940, the Industrial Court, or any other body or person acting in the capacity of arbitrator relating to the terms and conditions of employment observable by an -employer in the same trade or industry in the same district.

2. If any question arises as to the nature, scope or effect of the recognised terms and conditions in any trade or industry in any district or as to whether an employer is or was observing the recognised terms and conditions or is or was observing terms and conditions which are or were not less favourable than the recognised terms and conditions.

1945-

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

Ch. 17.

143

that question may be reported to the Minister at any time within twelve months of the date on which the question first arose by any organisation of employers or any trade union which in the opinion of the Minister is an organisation or trade union that habitually takes part in the settlement of wages and working conditions in the trade or industry concerned, and any question so reported shall, if not otherwise disposed of, be referred by him to the Industrial Court for settlement.

3.—(1) In making an award on any question referred by the Minister by virtue of the powers conferred by the last foregoing paragraph, the Industrial Court shall have regard not only to the provisions of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule but also to any collective agreements concerning the terms and conditions of similar workers in comparable trades or industries.

(2) An award made by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Schedule may be made retrospective to such date as may be specified in the award, not being earlier than the date on which the question to which the award relates first arose :

Provided that where the question to which the award relates is as to whether an employer is or was observing the recognised terms and conditions or is or was observing terms and conditions not less favourable than the recognised terms and conditions (hereinafter referred, to as " the appropriate conditions ") and the Industrial Court is satisfied—

(a) that the employer is not or was not observing the appropriate

conditions, and

(b) that at some date before the date of the reference (to be

specified in the award and hereinafter referred to as " the date of knowledge ") the employer was aware of those con-tions and also was aware or ought to have been aware that those conditions should have been observed by him,

the award shall be made retrospective to the date of knowledge.

The decision of the Industrial Court as to the date from which an award made by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this sub-paragraph shall have effect (hereinafter referred to as " the effective date of the award ") shall be conclusive.

(3) Where an award has been made by the Industrial Court in consequence of a report made under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, then as from the effective date of the award it shall be and, in the case of a retrospective award, shall be deemed to have been, an implied term of the contract between the employer and workers to whom the award applies that the rate of wages to be paid and the conditions of employment to be observed under the contract shall, until varied by a subsequent agreement, decision or award, such as is mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, be in accordance with the award.

4.—(1) Any reference in this Schedule to an agreement, decision or award shall be construed as a reference to that agreement, decision or award as modified by any subsequent agreement, decision or award.

(2) In this Schedule the expression " trade or industry " includes the performance of its functions by a public or local authority.

3RD SCH. —coni.

144

Ch. 17.

Wages Councils

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Section 35.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal,

9 Edw. 7. c. 22 The Trade Boards Act, 1909. The whole Act.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. clxii. The Trade Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation Act, 1913. The whole Act.

6 & 7 Geo. 3. c. 68. The New Ministries and Secretaries Act, 1916. In the Schedule, the words "Trade Boards Act, 1909 "

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 32. The Trade Boards Act, 1918. The whole Act.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 70. ! The Holidays with Pay Act, 1938. 1 1 1 1 j In the proviso to subsection (2) of section one, the words "the Trade Boards Acts, 1909 and 1918 ". In subsection (1) of section two, the words "any Trade Board or" and the words "the Trade Boards Acts, 1909 and 1918". In subsection (1) of section three, paragraph (a) and the words " (a) and ", the words "a Trade Board, and " and the word " respectively ". In section five, the words " in relation to the Trade Boards Acts, 1909 and 1918, and " and the words "a Trade Board ".

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 104. The Control of Employment Act, 1939. In subsection (1) of section four, the words "or an officer appointed under section fourteen of the Trade Boards Act, 1909 ", and the words " or officer ", wherever they occur, and in subsection (2) of that section, the words "or officer ".

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 7. The Trade Boards and Road Haulage Wages (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1940. In the title, the words " the Trade Boards Acts, 1909 and 1918, and ". Section one. In section three, the words " the Trade Boards Acts, 1909 and 1918, or of ".

*945-

Local Authorities Loans

Act, 1945.

Ch. 18.

145

CHAPTER 18.

Local Authorities Loans Act, 1945. ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Prohibition of borrowing otherwise than from Public Works Loan

Commissioners.

2. Amendment of Public Works Loans Act, 1875.

3. Provision of moneys for loans.

4. Repayment of loans made by Public Works Loan Commissioners.

5. Amendment of s. 5 of 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 14.

6. Amendment of enactments relating to minimum rate of interest.

7. Power to carry loans to consolidated loans funds and loans pools.

8. Use by local authority of moneys forming part of capital funds.

9. Laying of regulations before Parliament.

10. Interpretation.

11. Application to Scotland.

12. Short title, commencement and extent.

An Act to prohibit the borrowing of money by local authorities otherwise than from the Public Works Loan Commissioners, to amend section five of the Public Works Loans Act, 1941, and to make further provision with respect to local loans and the borrowing powers of local authorities.

[28th March 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment it shall not Prohibition of be lawful for a local authority, without the approval of the borrowing Treasury, to borrow money otherwise than from the Public Works thanfrom Loan Commissioners : Public Works

Provided that the Treasury may by regulations direct that, L?ai? Corn-subject to the provisions of the regulations, nothing in this missioners‘ section shall apply to borrowing in such manner, for such purposes or from such sources as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(2) This section shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty, and no longer, unless Parliament otherwise determines.

2.—(1) The power of the Public Works Loan Commissioners Amendment of to make loans under section nine of the Public Works Loans Act,

1875, shall include power to make loans to any local authority for lg75 J any purpose for which the authority has power to borrow by 3g & 39 Vict 39 Vict virtue of any enactment. c. 89.

K

146

Local Authorities Loans

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Provision of moneys for loans.

50 & 51 Vict, c. 16.

25 & 26 Geo. 5, c. 24.

2 & 3 Geo. 6.

c. 117.

Ch. 18.

(2) Section eleven of the said Act (which, as amended by subsequent enactments, provides that a loan made thereunder shall be repayable within a period not exceeding the period authorised by a special Act relating to the loan or, if no period be so authorised, not exceeding fifty years) shall have effect, in relation to a loan made to a local authority for any such purpose, as if a period authorised for the repayment of the loan by or under the enactment authorising the authority to borrow for that purpose were the period authorised by a special Act relating to the loan.

(3) So much of section forty-one of the said Act as empowers the said Commissioners to make regulations with respect to any fees or sums to be paid by applicants for loans shall cease to have effect; and there shall be paid in respect of loans made by the said Commissioners fees of such amounts and at such times as the Treasury may by regulations made after consultation with the said Commissioners prescribe.

3.—(1) The Treasury may, if they think fit, instead of raising any sums required for the local loans fund by the creation of local loans stock under section eight of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, or other securities under section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1935, issue the like sums to the local loans fund out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof (hereinafter referred to as the " Consolidated Fund ").

(2) For the purpose of providing sums to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund under the last foregoing subsection, the Treasury may at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise money under the National Loans Act, 1939, and any securities created and issued to raise money under this subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under the National Loans Act, 1939.

(3) Any sums issued to the local loans fund out of the Consolidated Fund under this section shall be repaid to the Exchequer out of the capital account of the local loans fund at such times and by such methods as the Treasury may direct, and interest thereon at such rate and at such times as the Treasury may direct shall be paid into the Exchequer out of the income account of the local loans fund.

(4) Sums paid into the Exchequer under the last foregoing subsection shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund at such times as the Treasury may direct and shall be applied by the Treasury as follows:—

(a) so much thereof as represents principal shall be applied in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit;

*945-

Local Authorities Loans

Act, 1945.

Ch. 18.

147

(6) so much thereof as represents interest shall be applied to the payment of interest which would, apart from this paragraph, have fallen to be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

4. —(1) Nothing in any enactment requiring that, where Repayment of a sum borrowed by a local authority is repayable by instalments loans made by (whether of principal alone or of principal and interest combined), Public Works the first instalment shall be paid within a specified period from miionere!" the date of borrowing shall be taken to prevent the first instalment of a sum so borrowed from the Public Works Loan Commissioners being made repayable within any longer period authorised under section eleven of the Public Works Loans Act,

1875 (which provides for the fixing of a period not exceeding five years).

(2) Nothing in any enactment requiring that, where a sum borrowed by a local authority is repayable by such instalments, the instalments shall be equal and periodical shall be taken to prevent the Treasury from postponing, under section thirty-seven of the said Act, the payment of any instalment of a sum so borrowed from the said Commissioners, or to prevent the said Commissioners or the local authority from agreeing to the postponement on any terms authorised by the Treasury under that section.

(3) Where, under either of the said sections or otherwise, payment of interest on any sum borrowed by a local authority from the said Commissioners is postponed (whether the interest would, but for the postponement, have been payable separately from the principal or as part of an instalment of principal and interest combined), the Commissioners and the local authority may agree that it shall be a condition of the postponement that all or any of the interest accruing during the period of the postponement shall, at the end of that period, be added to the principal and bear interest and be repaid accordingly.

In this subsection references to postponing the payment of. interest shall be ‘construed as including references to arranging that the interval between the borrowing and the first payment of interest is longer than the interval between subsequent payments of interest, and references to the period of postponement as including references to the first mentioned interval.

5. Section five of the Public Works Loans Act, 1941 (which Amendment

authorises the Treasury to advance money to facilitate the of s. 5 of 4 5

conversion of local government securities) shall have effectGeo-6-c- x4* subject to the following amendments :—

(a) the power of the Treasury to advance moneys to a local or harbour authority under subsection (1) shall be extended so as to include power, where the authority with the approval of the Treasury makes a new issue of

148

Ch. 18.

Local Authorities Loans

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

securities for the purpose of meeting the liability on any of its maturing securities, to advance to the authority, on such terms as the Treasury think fit, an amount • equal to the price of issue of any part of the new issue of

securities which is not taken up;

(6) the definition of the expression " local authority " in paragraph (b) of subsection (4) shall be extended so as to include any local authority within the meaning of this Act; and

(c) subsection (5) (which forbids advances under the section 2 & 3 Geo. 6. after the expiration of the Emergency Powers (Defence)

■c. 62. Act, 1939) shall cease to have effect.

Amendment of 6. Each of the following enactments (which relate to loans made

enactments by the Public Works Loan Commissioners to local authorities) relating to . .

minimum rate tnai 1S 10 saY

(a) the proviso to subsection (2) of section fifty-two of the Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908;

of interest.

7 Edw. 7. c. 36.

15 & 16 (6) subsection (2) of section seventy-two of the Housing

<Geo. 5. c. 15. (Scotland) Act, 1925; and

(c) subsection (2) of section one hundred and twenty-three 26 Geo. 5. & of the Housing Act, 1936;

1 w. •c*51sjiajj have effect subject to the following amendments, that is to say—

(i) in paragraph (a) (which provides that the loan shall be made at the minimum rate allowed for loans out of the local loans fund) the reference to the minimum rate shall be construed as a reference to the minimum rate applicable to the period for which the loan is made;

• (ii) paragraph (c) (which provides that the longer duration

of a loan shall not be taken as a reason for fixing a higher rate of interest) shall cease tojiave effect.

Power to 7. Where, by virtue of any enactment or otherwise, moneys

carry loans to borrowed by a local authority for different purposes are carried foans fund? to a common ftmd or account, then, notwithstanding anything and loans *n anY enactment, scheme or regulation, moneys borrowed

pools. (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) from

the Public Works Loan Commissioners may, if the authority think fit, be carried to that fund or account, subject to such conditions as the Treasury may determine (including conditions for securing that the basis for calculating any payment to be made to the authority in respect of those moneys out of moneys provided by Parliament shall not be affected by their being carried to the fund or account).

1945- Local Authorities Loans Ch 18. 149

Act, 1945.

8.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, a local Use by local authority may use, for any purpose for which the authority has a authority of statutory power to borrow, any moneys forming part of, but not Dart

for the time being required for the purposes of, any capital fund 0° capital* established by the authority; and where such moneys are so funds, used the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) the moneys so used shall be repaid to the capital fund as

follows:—

(i) they shall be repaid as and when they are required for the purposes of the capital fund;

(ii) if not required to be repaid earlier under sub-paragraph (i) of this paragraph, they shall be repaid within the period within which a loan raised under the statutory power would be repayable, or at such time before the expiration of that period as the authority may resolve;

(iii) the repayment shall be made out of the revenue fund of the authority, or out of moneys which would have been applicable to the repayment of a loan raised under the statutory power, and shall be made by the method by which a loan raised under the statutory power would be repayable;

(6) in the accounts of the revenue fund of the authority, an amount equal to interest at the appropriate rate on the moneys so used and for the time being not repaid shall be credited to the capital fund and debited to the undertaking or purpose for which the moneys are so used;

(c) the statutory power shall be deemed to be exercised by the use of moneys under this section as fully in all respects as if a loan of the same amount had been raised in exercise of the power, and the provisions of any enactment as to the reborrowing of sums raised under thajt power shall apply accordingly.

(2) In this section the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

(1 a) " capital fund" means any fund established for the repayment of debt, or as a reserve, or for the maintenance, renewal or repair of property, or for superannuation of staff, or for insurance, or otherwise for meeting future expenditure of a capital or non-recurring nature, or for any like purpose;

(b) " interest at the appropriate rate" means interest at such rate as may be determined by the authority to be equal as nearly as may be to the rate of interest which would be payable on a loan raised on mortgage under the statutory power;

150 Ch. 18. Local Authorities Loans 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(c)" revenue fund" means the county fund, general rate fund or other fund into which the receipts of the authority are payable;

(d) " statutory power to borrow" means a power to borrow conferred by or under any enactment, but does not include the power to borrow by way of temporary loan or overdraft conferred by paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two hundred and fifteen of the 23 & 24 Geo. 5. Local Government Act, 1933, or by paragraph (a) of

c. 51. subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-nine of

2 & 3 Geo. 6. the London Government Act, 1939.

c. 40.

(3) The powers conferred by this section shall be deemed to be in addition to, and not in derogation of, the powers conferred by any other enactment.

9.—(1) All regulations made under this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, but section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not apply to regulations so made.

(2) If either House of Parliament, within the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the day on which any such regulations are laid before it, resolves that the regulations be annulled, the regulations shall thereupon become void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new regulations.

(3) In reckoning any such period of twenty-eight days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

Interpretation. 10. In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them :—

" enactment " includes an enactment in a local Act or in a provisional order confirmed by Parliament;

" local authority" means any authority being, within the meaning of the Local Loans Act, 1875, an authority having power to levy a rate.

11. In the application of this Act to Scotland—

(a) for any reference to paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two hundred and fifteen of the Local Government Act, 1933, there shall be substituted a reference to subsection (4) of section sixty-seven of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and to section forty-nine of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903;

38 & 39 Vict, c. 83.

Application to Scotland.

52 & 53 Vict, c. 50.

3 Edw. 7. c. 33.

Laying of regulations before Parliament.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 66.

I945*

Local Authorities Loans

Act, 1945.

Ch. 18,19.

151

(b) for any reference to the Local Loans Act, 1875, there

shall be substituted a reference to the Local Authorities 54 & 55 Vict Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891; ’ c. 34.

(c) for any reference to the general rate fund there shall be

substituted a reference to the burgh fund.

12.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Local Authorities Loans short title. Act, 1945* commence-

ment and

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such date as the extent. Treasury may by order appoint.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to make further provision with respect to the appointment and functions of the Minister of Fuel and Power, and for purposes connected therewith.

[25th April 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent. Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) It shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a Minister Appointment of Fuel and Power (in this Act referred to as " the Minister ") and functions who shall be charged with the general duty of securing the Qf

effective and co-ordinated development of coal, petroleum and other minerals and sources of fuel and power in Great Britain, Power, of maintaining and improving the safety, health and welfare of persons employed in or about mines and quarries therein, and of promoting economy and efficiency in the supply, distribution, use and consumption of fuel and power, whether produced in Great Britain or not.

(2) The functions specified in the First Schedule to this Act (being functions transferred to the Minister of Fuel and Power by the Ministers of the Crown (Minister of Fuel and Power)

Order, 1942, made by His Majesty in Council under the Ministers

of the Crown (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939), and all 3 Geo 6.

other functions conferred or imposed on that Minister by virtue c. 77.

of any enactment, regulation, order or other instrument passed

or made before the commencement of this Act, shall be functions

of the Minister appointed under this Act, and the said Order

in Council (including the consequential provisions incorporated

therewith) shall continue in force by virtue of this Act with

respect to the functions thereby transferred notwithstanding the

152 Ch. 19. Ministry of Fuel and Power 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

repeal of the Ministers of the Crown (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939, or the expiration of any Order in Council (whether made under that Act-or under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940) by which those functions were previously transferred.

(3) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, the Ministers of the Crown (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939, shall, as from the date upon which a Minister is first appointed under this Act, cease to apply to the Minister of Fuel and Power.

Oath of 2. The Minister shall take the oath of allegiance and the official

oath, and the Promissory Oaths Act, 1868, shall have effect as oath? Cia i* the name of the Minister were included in the first Part of 31 & 32 Vict, the Schedule to that Act. c. 72.

Appointment 3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Minister

remumeration may aPP°*n* a Parliamentary Secretary and such other secretaries, and 'expanses. °fficers and servants as he may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine.

(2) There shall be paid—

(a) to the Minister, an annual salary not exceeding five thousand pounds;

(b) to the Parliamentary Secretary appointed by the Minister,

and to any other secretaries, officers and servants appointed by the Minister, such salaries or remuneration as the Treasury may determine,

1 Edw. 8 & and for the purposes of section six of the Ministers of the Crown 1 Geo. 6. c. 38. Act, 1937 (which makes provision against duplicate salaries), any salary payable under this subsection to the Minister or to the Parliamentary Secretary appointed by him shall be deemed to be a salary payable under that Act.

(3) The salary of the Minister and his expenses (including any salaries or remuneration payable under paragraph (6) of the last foregoing subsection) shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) Until the date upon which the repeal of the Ministers of the Crown (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939, takes effect

5 & 6 Geo. 6. under section three of the Ministers of the Crown and House of c. 11. Commons Disqualification Act, 1942, two persons may hold office

together as Parliamentary Secretaries to the Ministry of Fuel and Power, and accordingly the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect, until that date, as if in subsection (1) for the words "a Parliamentary Secretary " there were substituted the words "not more than two Parliamentary Secretaries," and as if in subsection (2) for the words "the Parliamentary Secretary," in both places where those words occur, there were substituted the words "any Parliamentary Secretary ".

1945* Ministry of Fuel and Power Ch. 19. 153

Act, 1945.

4. A person holding office as Minister of Fuel and Power, or as Capacity to Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry, shall not thereby be sit in House rendered incapable of being elected as a member of the Commons of Commons-House of Parliament, or of sitting or voting as such a member.

5. —(1) The Minister shall for all purposes be a corporation Seal, style sole, and shall have an official seal, which shall be authenticated fuel .acts of by the signature of the Minister or of a secretary to the Ministry Miruster* or of any person authorised by the Minister to act in that behalf.

(2) The seal of the Minister shall be officially and judicially noticed, and every document purporting to be an instrument made or issued by the Minister, and to be sealed with the seal of the Minister authenticated in the manner provided by this section, or to be signed by a secretary to the Ministry or any person authorised as aforesaid, shall be received in evidence and be deemed to be so made or issued without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(3) A certificate signed by the Minister that any instrument purporting to be made or issued by him was so made or issued shall be conclusive evidence of that fact.

(4) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, shall apply to the 3* & 32 Vict Minister as if his name were included in the first column of the c- 37-Schedule to that Act, and as if he or a secretary to the Ministry

or any person authorised by him to act on his behalf were mentioned in the second column of that Schedule, and as if the regulations referred to in that Act included any document issued by the Minister.

6. —(1) For the purposes of subsection (1) of section one of this Interpre-Act, the expressions " coal " and " petroleum " respectively Nation, include products of coal and products of petroleum.

(2) For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that the functions transferred to the Minister of Fuel and Power by virtue of the Ministers of the Crown (Minister of Fuel and Power) Order,

1942, do not include functions under section thirteen of the

Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890, or under the Rail- 53 & 54 Vict, ways (Electrical Power) Act, 1903, (which respectively enable c- 59-the Minister of War Transport to exercise powers relating to 3 Edw*7*c* 3°’ the making of byelaws for the prevention of danger from telegraph wires and other apparatus in and over streets and to the electrification of railways) or functions of the Board of Trade under section twenty of the Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 18 & 19 1928 (which relates to apparatus for the testing of petroleum). Geo. 5. c 32.

(3) It is hereby declared that the reference in section one of th is Act to any regulation, order or other instrument made before the commencement of this Act includes a reference to any such instrument in its application to Northern Ireland, and to any such instrument which relates to Northern Ireland only.

r54

Consequential amendments and repeals.

62 & 63 Vict, c. 19.

Short title.

Section 1.

Ch. 19. Ministry of Fuel and Power 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

7. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in relation thereto in the second column of that Schedule, and the enactments set out in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) The amendments effected by subsection (1) of this section shall be without prejudice to any amendment of any enactment set out in the said Second Schedule effected, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, by Regulations made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, so long as such Regulations remain in force.

(3) The reference in the said Third Schedule to section seventy-two of the Schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, shall be construed as including a reference to that section as incorporated with any special Act or order passed or confirmed before the passing of this Act, and to any corresponding provision of any such Act or order with which that Schedule is not incorporated; and so much of any special Act, provisional order or special order relating to gas undertakings or the supply of gas as provides for the performance by specified officers of functions formerly exercisable by the Board of Trade thereunder shall cease to have effect.

8. This Act may be dted as the Ministry of Fuel and Power Act, 1945.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Functions transferred to the Minister of Fuel and Power by the Ministers of the Crown (Minister of Fuel and Power) Order, 1942 (S.R. & O. 1942 No. 1132).

All functions exercisable by the Board of Trade, whether under any enactment or otherwise, in relation to—

(a) coal, minerals, mines and the mining industry, quarries and petroleum, other than functions exercisable under the enactments relating to weights and measures;

(b) gas undertakings and the supply of gas, including functions

exercisable in relation to gas under the enactments relating to weights and measures;

1945- Ministry of Fuel and PowerCh. 19.

Act, 1945.

(c) electricity undertakings and the supply of electricity, including

functions relating to the Electricity, Commissioners; and

(d) hydraulic power undertakings and the supply of hydraulic power,

but not including functions conferred on the Board of Trade by or under Regulations made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, other than the functions referred to in Regulation 3 of the Defence (Functions of Ministers) Regulations, 1941 (by which the functions of the Minister of War Transport in relation to electricity undertakings and the supply of electricity, including functions relating to the Electricity Commissioners, were transferred to the Board of Trade).

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Consequential Amendments.

Enactments Amended.

Amendments.

The Ministers of the Crown In paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section one. Act, 1937 (1 Edw. 8. the words "the Secretary for Mines and A 1 Geo. 6. c. 38). of " and the word "each " shall cease to

have effect.

In paragraph ( ) of subsection (2) of section two, for the word "three " there shall be substituted the word *' two ", and the words " the Secretary for Mines and " shall cease to have effect.

In paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section nine, as amended by section one of the Ministry of Supply Act, 1939, for the words " twenty-one " there shall be substituted the word "twenty ".

The Finance Act, 1942 In section, nine, for the words the Board of (5 A 6 Geo. 6. c. 21). Trade", and the words " the Board ", in

the second place where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words " the Minister of Fuel and Power "; and for the words "the Board are" there shall be substituted the words "the Minister is ".

155

1ST SCH. —cont.

Section 7

Ch. 19, 20.

Ministry of Fuel and Power

Ad, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6

156

Section 7.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter.

Short title

Extent of Repeal.

62 & 63 Vict,

c. 19.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 100.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 28.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 50.

The Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. The Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919.

The Gas Regulation Act, 1920.

The Mining Industry Act, 1920.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 28.

The Gas Undertakings Act, 1934.

24 & 25 Geo. 5.

c. 36.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 38.

The Petroleum (Production) Act, 1934. The Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937.

Section seventy-two of the Schedule.

The proviso to subsection (1) of section thirty-nine.

Section seventeen.

Section one, subsection (2) of section two, and subsection (2) of section five.

In subsection (2) of section twenty-eight the words "and seventeen " and the words " and to the exercise of the powers of the Board "; and so much of Part I of the Second Schedule as amends section seventeen of the Gas Regulation Act, 1920.

Section eight.

In paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section one the words "the Secretary for Mines and of " and the word "each "; and in paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section two the words the Secretary for Mines and ".

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to increase the amounts payable out of moneys provided by Parliament for the purposes of schemes under section one of the Colonial Development and Welfare Act, 1940, to extend the period during which certain of such schemes may continue in force, and to amend subsection (2) of the said section as respects the Aden Protectorate.

[25th April 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

1945- Colonial Development Ch. 20. 157

and Welfare Act, 1945.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Subsection (1) of section one of the Colonial Development Amendment

and Welfare Act, 1940 (whereof the proviso imposes upon & 4 the sums to be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament c* 3 4°'

the purposes of schemes made under that section a limit of five hundred thousand pounds in any financial year in the case of schemes for promoting research or inquiry and of five million

pounds in any financial year in the case of other schemes, and enacts that no such scheme other than a scheme for promoting research or inquiry shall continue in force after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-one) shall, on and after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-six, have effect as if for the said proviso there were therein substituted the following proviso :—

" Provided that unless Parliament otherwise determines—

(a) the sums to be so paid for the purposes of such schemes

shall not in the aggregate exceed—

(i) seventeen million five hundred thousand pounds in any financial year;

(ii) one hundred and twenty million pounds in the period of ten years ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-six;

and further the sums to be so paid for the purposes of schemes for promoting research or inquiry shall not in the aggregate exceed one million pounds in any financial year; and

(b) no scheme made under this section, not being a scheme

for promoting research or inquiry, shall continue in force after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-six."

2. So much of subsection (2) of section one of the said Act as Provisions requires the Secretary of State, before making any scheme under *to Aden that section as respects any colony, to satisfy himself, in a case Protectorate. where the scheme provides for the payment of the whole or part

of the cost of the execution of any works, that the law of the colony provides reasonable facilities for the establishment and activities of trade unions shall not have effect in relation to any scheme made as respects the Aden Protectorate.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Colonial Development Short title

and Welfare Act, 1945. citation.

(2) This Act and the Colonial Development and Welfare Act,

1940, may be cited as the Colonial Development and Welfare Acts, 1940 and 1945.

CH. 21.

Ministry of Civil Aviation

Ad, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

158

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to make provision for the appointment and functions of a Minister of Civil Aviation, and for purposes connected therewith.

[25th April 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Appointment and functions of Minister of Civil Aviation.

1.—(1) It shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a Minister of Civil Aviation (in this Act referred to as " the Minister '') who shall be charged with the general duty of organizing, carrying out and encouraging measures for the development of civil aviation, for. the designing, development and production of civil aircraft, for the promotion of safety and efficiency in the use thereof, and for research into questions relating to air navigation:

Provided that this subsection shall not authorise the production of civil aircraft by the Minister.

(2) The acquisition and disposal of aircraft, aero-engines and aviation equipment in discharge of the Minister's said duty shall be subject to the approval of the Treasury.

Transfer to Minister of functions, rights and liabilities relating to civil aviation.

2.—(1) For the purpose of the transfer to the Minister of functions of the Secretary of State relating to civil aviation, the enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the modification’s set out in that Schedule; and any other enactment relating to civil aviation, being an enactment contained in a local or private Act, shall have effect subject to such modifications as may be specified for the purpose aforesaid by Order in Council.

An Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council thereunder.

(2) Any property vested in, right enjoyed by, or liability incumbent on the Secretary of State immediately before the passing of this Act for the purposes of civil aviation shall on the passing thereof and without more vest in or devolve on the Minister.

(3) Any regulation, order, direction, appointment, determination, agreement, requirement, or representation made or other thing done or proceeding taken by, to or before the Secretary of State before the passing of this Act for the purposes of civil aviation and in force or having effect at the passing thereof shall after the passing thereof be treated as if it had been made, done or taken by, to or before the Minister and shall continue in force or have effect accordingly.

1945* Ministry of Civil Aviation Ch. 21. 159

Act, 1945.

(4) A certificate by the Secretary of State and the Minister that any property right or liability vested, enjoyed or incurred in or by the Secretary of State was or was not vested, enjoyed or incurred for the purposes of civil aviation, or that anything made, done or taken by to or before the Secretary of State was or was not made, done or taken for those purposes, shall, in determining any question as to the effect of either of the two last foregoing subsections, be conclusive of the matters certified.

3. The Minister shall take the oath of allegiance and the official oath of

oath, and the Promissory Oaths Act, 1868, shall have effect as allegiance and

if the name of the Minister were included in the first Part of the official oath.

Schedule to that Act. f & 3* Vict.

c. 72.

4. —(1) The Minister may appoint .a Parliamentary Secretary, Appointment

and such other secretaries, officers and servants as he may with of officers,

the consent of the Treasury determine. remuneration

J and expenses.

(2) There shall be paid—

(a) to the Minister, an annual salary not exceeding five

thousand pounds;

(b) to any Parliamentary Secretary appointed by the Minister,

and to any other secretaries, officers and servants appointed by the Minister, such salaries or remuneration as the Treasury may determine,

and for the purposes of section six of the Ministers of the Crown 1 Edw. 8 & Act, 1937 (which makes provision against duplicate salaries) any 1 Geo. 6. c. 38. salary payable under this subsection to the Minister or to any Parliamentary Secretary appointed by him shall be deemed to be a salary payable under that Act.

(3) The salary of the Minister and his expenses (including any salaries or remuneration payable under paragraph (6) of the last foregoing subsection) shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

5. A person holding office as Minister of Civil Aviation, or as capacity to Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry, shall not thereby be sit in House rendered incapable of being elected as a member of the Commons of Commons. House of Parliament, or of sitting or voting as such a member. 6

6. —(1) The Minister shall for all purposes be a corporation sole, seal, style and and shall have an official seal, which shall be authenticated by acts of

the signature of the Minister or of a secretary to the Ministry or Minister, of any person authorised by the Minister to act in that behalf.

(2) The seal of the Minister shall be officially and judicially noticed, and every document purporting to be an instrument made or issued by the Minister and to be sealed with the seal of the Minister authenticated in the manner provided by this section, or to be signed by a secretary to the Ministry or any person

i6o

Ch. 21.

Ministry of Civil Aviation

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

authorised as aforesaid, shall be received in evidence and be deemed to be so made or issued without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(3) A certificate signed by the Minister that any instrument purporting to be made or issued by him was so made or issued shall be conclusive evidence of that fact.

31 & 32 Vict. (4) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, shall apply to the c- 37- Minister as if his name were included in the first column of the

Schedule to that Act, and as if he or a secretary to the Ministry or any person authorised by him to act on his behalf were mentioned in the second column of that Schedule, and as if the regulations referred to in that Act included any document issued by the Minister.

Short title and 7.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Ministry of Civil Aviation interpretation. Act, 1945.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references thereto as amended by or under any other enactment.

Sections 2, 6. SCHEDULE.

TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS OF SECRETARY OF STATE.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. Air Navigation Act, 1920.

c‘ 8o' In section five (which provides for contributions towards the

international commission for air navigation) and in section eight (which authorises the establishment of aerodromes) for references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister.

Regulations made under section twelve providing for the investigation of accidents shall, if they relate to civil aviation only, be made by the Minister, and if they relate to civil aviation and other matters, be made by the Secretary of State and the Minister acting jointly.

In section twelve A (which authorises the detention of aircraft) for the words "or the Secretary of State " there shall be substituted the words "or the Secretary of State or Minister of Civil Aviation ".

In section thirteen (which relates to the infringement of patents) for the references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister.

The powers of acquiring, managing and disposing of land conferred on the Secretary of State by section fifteen shall be transferred to the Minister.

In section seventeen (which contains provisions as to Orders in Council) the references to the Secretary of State shall be construed as including references to the Minister.

1945* Ministry of Civil Aviation Ch. 21. 161

Act, 1945.

Great Western Railway {Air Transport) Act, 1929, London & North 19 & 20 Geo. 5. Eastern Railway {Air Transport) Act, 1929, London Midland & Scottish c. liv, c. lv. Railway {Air Transport) Act, 1929 and Southern Railway {Air Transport) c-lvl- c-lvu-

Act, 1929.

References to the Secretary of State (including references which by virtue of subsection (2) of section twenty-three of the Air Navigation Act, 1936, are to be construed as references to the Secretary of State) shall bie construed as references to the Minister.

Air Navigation Act, 1936. 26 Geo. 5 A

In section two (which authorises the delegation of certain functions 1 Edw- 8- c- 44-to a representative body) for references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister.

In section three (which provides for the application to seaplanes of regulations for preventing collisions at sea) for the words "the Secretary of State ", in each place where they occur except at the end of paragraph (c) of subsection (4), there shall be substituted the words " the Secretary of State and the Minister of Civil Aviation ", and at the end of the said paragraph (c) for the words "the Secretary of State " there shall be substituted the words "the Secretary of State or the Minister of Civil Aviation ".

In subsection (3) of section five (which requires the Secretary of State to lay before Parliament the draft of any Order relating to the licensing of air transport and commercial flying), in section nine (which empowers local authorities to acquire land compulsorily for aerodrome purposes), in section ten (which relates to dealing with land held by local authorities for aerodrome purposes), and in section twelve (which authorises local authorities to carry on business in connection with aerodromes provided by them) for references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister.

In section fourteen (which authorises the imposition of requirements as to marking obstructions near aerodromes) for the words "the Secretary of State ", wherever they occur except in subsection (8), there shall be substituted the words " the Minister of Civil Aviation ", and in the said subsection (8) for the words "the Secretary of State " there shall be substituted the words " the Secretary of State or the Minister of Civil Aviation ".

In section eighteen (which relates to policies of insurance) and section twenty-two (which provides for the commencement of Part III) for references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister.

Subsection (1) of section twenty-six (which provides for the application in relation to the Secretary of State of certain enactments) shall apply to the Minister as it applies to the Secretary of State.

In section twenty-seven (which relates to wages and conditions of employment of persons employed in air transport) in subsection (1) for the first reference to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted a reference to the Minister, and at the end of that subsection the words " by the Secretary of State " shall be omitted.

In section thirty-two (which provides for application to Scotland) in paragraph (3) and in paragraph (6) for references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister.

L

162

Ch. 21.

Ministry of Civil Aviation

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

In the First Schedule (which contains provisions with respect to compulsory purchase orders) for references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister.

In the Second Schedule (which relates to limits of liability in respect of loss or damage) for the reference to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted a reference to the Minister.

In the Third Schedule (which contains provisions as to policies of insurance) in sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 2 for the references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister, and for the words "the Secretary of the Air Ministry, London " there shall be substituted the words "the Secretary of the Ministry of Civil Aviation, London ", and in paragraph 8 for references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister.

26 Geo. 5 & Public Health Act, 1936.

1 Edw. 8. c. 49. in one hundred and forty-three (which empowers the Minister of Health to make regulations, after consultation with the Secretary of State in the case of regulations relating to aircraft, for preventing danger from infectious diseases) for references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. Air Navigation [Financial Provisions) Act, 1938.

c' 33' In section two (which relates to the remuneration and expenses of

air transport licensing authorities) for references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. British Overseas Airways Act, 1939, and British Overseas Airways

c-61 • Corporation (! Tempora Provisions) Order, 1943.

References to the Secretary of State shall, except in section twenty-eight (which authorises the Secretary of State to provide facilities for aircraft of the British Overseas Airways Corporation), section thirty-two (which confers on the Secretary of State certain powers in times of emergency) and the Third Schedule (which sets out certain agreements entered into before the passing of the Act), be construed as references to the Minister.

In the said section twenty-eight references to the Secretary of State shall be construed as including references to the Minister.

In the said section thirty-two for the words from the beginning of subsection (x) to the word "may " there shall be substituted the words "In time of war whether actual or imminent, or of great national emergency, the Minister of Civil Aviation may by order ", and for the last two references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister; and—

[a) the provisions of the Air Navigation Act, 1920, shall apply to an order made by the Minister by virtue of this provision in like manner as apart from this provision they would have applied to an order made by the Secretary of State by virtue of the said section thirty-two, but with the substitution for references to the Secretary o State of references to the Minister;

1945- Ministry of Civil Aviation Ch. 21,22. 163

Act, 1945.

(b) any order made or direction given by the Secretary of State under the said section thirty-two and in force at the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been made or given by the Minister and shall continue in force accordingly.

Ships and Aircraft (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1939. 2*3 Geo 6.

c. 70.

In subsection (1) of section three, subsection (4) of section six, section seven, subsection (4) of section eight and section nine for the references to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted references to the Minister, and any arrangements under the said section nine made by the Secretary of State and in force at the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been made by the Minister and shall continue in force accordingly.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the discipline and regulation of the Army and the Air Force.

[25th April 1945.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of land forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty’s Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of such number as His Majesty may deem necessary :

And whereas under the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, 7 & 8 Geo. 5. His Majesty is entitled to raise and maintain the air force, and c* 5>* it is judged necessary that the whole number of such force should consist of such number as His Majesty may deem necessary:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of this realm that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty’s fleet and naval service under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or be sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty’s forces by sea :

164 Ch 22. Army and Air Force (Annual) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

, 1945.

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law or to the Air Force Act, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny, or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military or air force discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act and .the Air Force Act will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and forty-five on the following days:—

(a) In Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Channel

Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of

April; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's

dominions, on the thirty-first day of July:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Short title.] 1. This Act may be cited as the Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1945.

Army Act and Air Force Act to be in force for specified times.

2.—(1) The Army Act and the Air Force Act shall be and remain in force during the periods hereinafter mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament, that is to say :—

(a) Within Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Channel

Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, to the thirtieth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-six, both inclusive; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's

dominions, from the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-five, to the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-six, both inclusive. 2

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of section 22 & 23 fifteen of the Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1932, the Geo. 5. c. 22. amendments of the Army Act and the Air Force Act made by this Act shall come into operation in all places as from the thirtieth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

1945- Army and Air Foret (Annual) Ch. 22,23. 165

Act, 1945.

(3) The Army Act and, the Air Force Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law or to the Air Force Act, as the case may be, whether within or without His Majesty’s dominions.

Amendments of the Army Act applicable also (subject to modifications) to the Air Force Act.

3. In section one hundred and fifty-three of the Army Act Amendment (which provides for the punishment of persons who induce orof Army Act' assist officers or soldiers to desert or to absent themselves without s' I53‘ leave, or who conceal such deserters or absentees) for the words

from " shall be liable " to the end of the section there shall be substituted the words "shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds."

4. In subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-three of Amendment the Army Act (which relates to documentary evidence) after ° l6_ y c ' the words "by the officer " wherever those words occur in paragraphs (a), (g) and (A), and after the words "or the officer "

where those words occur in paragraph (b) of the subsection, there shall be inserted the words "or record officer "; and at the end of subsection (2) of that section there shall be added the words " and the expression ‘ record officer ’ means a person appointed as such by the Army Council or by any officer authorised in that behalf by the Army Council; and for the purposes of paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of this section a record made by a record officer in pursuance of his duty as such shall be deemed to be made in pursuance of military duty."

5. References in sections three and four of this Act to the Army Application Act shall be deemed to include references to the Air Force Act, of actions and the provisions of those sections shall, in their application to AiTVorce Act. the Air Force Act, have effect subject to any of the general modifications set out in Part I of the Second Schedule to the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, which apply.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to extend the powers of the Treasury to raise money under section one of the National Loans Act, 1939, and to extend the powers of trustees of trustee savings banks to invest in securities issued to them under that Act moneys received by them in respect of special investments.

[30th May 1945.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE

, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament

i66

Further provision for raising money. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 117.

Extension of power of trustee savings banks to invest in national loans.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 37.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 4.

Short title, construction and citation.

Ch. 23. National Loans 8 & 9 Geo 6.

Act, 1945.

assembled, towards making good the supply granted to your Majesty for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-six, have resolved that money be raised in manner provided by this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The power of the Treasury to raise money under section one of the National Loans Act, 1939, shall include power to raise any money required for raising any supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-six, and in addition a sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty million pounds.

2. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (6) of subsection

(1) of section one of the Trustee Savings Banks (Special Investments) Act, 1934, restricting the investment of moneys received in respect of special investments to securities maturing not later than thirty years after the date of the investment, the trustees of a trustee savings bank may be authorised under that subsection to invest moneys so received in any securities issued to them after the commencement of this Act under the National Loans Act, 1939, which will mature for payment not later than forty years after the date of the investment.

(2) For the purpose of the limitation imposed on the trustees of a bank by the proviso to the said subsection (1) (which limits the total cost price of securities held under that section, with certain exceptions, to forty per cent, of the total liabilities of the bank in respect of moneys received in respect of special investments), securities issued to the trustees of the bank after the commencement of this Act under the National Loans Act, 1939, shall be disregarded:

Provided that the powers of the trustees of any bank as to investment shall be so exercised as to secure that the total cost price of all the securities held by them in respect of special investments under the said subsection, including securities issued to them as aforesaid, but excluding securities which could be bought by them under paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of section one of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1918, at no time exceeds fifty per cent, of the total liabilities of the bank in respect of moneys received in respect of special investments.

3. This Act may be cited as the National Loans Act, 1945, and shall be construed as one with the National Loans Acts, 1:939 to 1944, and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the National Loans Acts, 1939 to 1945.

1945-

Finance A, 1945.

Ch. 24.

167

CHAPTER 24.

Finance Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Hops, etc., and beer.

2. Purchase tax : definition of chargeable goods by reference to use of

Board of Trade marks.

3. Income tax for 1945-46.

4. Higher rates of income tax for 1944-45.

5. Increase of standard profits in certain cases for purposes of Excess

Profits Tax.

6. Provisions as to permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

7. Short title and construction.

An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties, and to amend the law relating to the Public Revenue and the National Debt.

[15th June 1945.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The duties charged by virtue of subsection (1) of Hops, etc., section one of the Finance Act, 1941, until the end of the and beer, fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-five, 4 &5 Geo. 6. namely—

c. 30.

(a) the duties of customs charged on hops and extracts, essences or other similar preparations made from hops under subsection (1) of section seven of the

Finance Act, 1925; and 15 16 Geo. 5.

c. 36.

(b) the duty of customs charged on hop oil under the

proviso to subsection (1) of section four of the Finance 19 20 Geo. 5. Act. 1929; and c*

i68

Ch. 24.

finance Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 19.

Purchase tax : definition of chargeable goods by reference to use of Board of Trade marks.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 48.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 21.

Income tax for 1945-46.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 23.

Higher rates of income tax for 1944-45.

(c) the additional duty of customs charged in respect of beer under subsection (2) of section two of the Finance Act, 1933;

shall continue to be charged until the end of the fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-nine.

(2) The drawback allowed by virtue of subsection (2) of section one of the Finance Act, 1941, until the end of the fifteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-five, namely, the additional excise drawback allowed in respect of beer under subsection (4) of section two of the Finance Act, 1933, shall continue to be allowed until the end of the fifteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-nine.

2. —(1) In an order made under section twenty of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940, the definition of the class of goods in respect of which the order is to have effect may be limited by reference to the use of any mark the use of which the Board of Trade have power to regulate, notwithstanding that the effect of the order as respects any particular goods may be thereby rendered dependent on the operation of any provision made by the Board in exercise of that power.

(2) Section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1942, is hereby repealed.

3. —(1) Income tax for the year 1945-46 shall be charged at the standard rate of ten shillings in the pound, and, in the case of an individual whose total income exceeds one thousand five hundred pounds, at such higher rates in respect of the excess over one thousand five hundred pounds as Parliament may hereafter determine.

(2) Subject to the provisions of section twenty-six of the Finance Act, 1944, and of any Act of the present Session amending the law relating to income tax, all such enactments as had effect with respect to the income tax charged for the year 1944-45, other than such enactments as by their terms relate only to tax for that year, shall have effect with respect to the income tax charged for the year 1945-46.

4. Income tax for the year 1944-45 shall be charged at rates exceeding the standard rate in the case of individuals whose total incomes exceed two thousand pounds and in respect of the excess of their total incomes over that sum; and the said rates shall be rates in the pound which respectively exceed the standard rate for the year 1944-45 by the amounts specified in the second column of the Table in subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940.

*945-

Ch. 24.

169

Finance Act, 1945.

5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, if, in relation to any chargeable accounting period beginning at or after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty-five, the standard profits of a trade or business, as computed apart from this section, are less than twelve thousand pounds, those standard profits shall be increased, in relation to that chargeable accounting period, by a sum equal to one-tenth of the difference between the amount of those standard profits and twelve thousand pounds:

Provided that, in relation to a chargeable accounting period which is less than twelve months, references in this subsection to twelve thousand pounds shall be construed as references to a sum which bears the same proportion to twelve thousand pounds as the length of the period bears to twelve months.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to any member of a group of companies other than the principal company, and, in the case of the principal company of a group of companies, any increase in standard profits under that subsection shall be computed as if for the references therein to the standard profits of the trade or business there were substituted references to the said standard profits (computed as therein mentioned) plus—

(a) the standard profits (so computed as aforesaid) of

the trades or businesses of all subsidiary members of the group for chargeable accounting periods coterminous with, or falling wholly within, the chargeable accounting period of the trade or business of the principal company; and

(b) where a chargeable accounting period of the trade

or business of a subsidiary member of the group falls partly within the chargeable accounting period of the trade or business of the principal company, so much of the standard profits (so computed as aforesaid) of the trade or business of that subsidiary member for the said chargeable accounting period thereof as is apportionable to the part of that period which falls within the chargeable accounting period of the trade or business of the principal company.

Any apportionment required to be made by paragraph (b) of this subsection shall be made by comparing the number of months or fractions of months in the chargeable accounting period of the trade or business of the subsidiary member with the number of months or fractions of months in the part of that chargeable accounting period which falls within the chargeable accounting period of the trade or business of the principal company.

Increase of standard profits . in certain cases for purposes of excess profits tax.

170 Ch. 24. Finance , 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6-

Expressions used in this subsection have the same meanings as they have in the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940 (which relates to groups of companies).

(3) Where a deficiency of profits occurring in a chargeable accounting period beginning at or after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty-five, is greater than it would have been if this section had not been passed, the amount of the increase shall not be available (whether under section fifteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, or paragraph 6 of Part IV of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940) to reduce profits for any chargeable accounting period ending at or before that date; but where by virtue of this subsection the whole of a deficiency occurring in a chargeable accounting period cannot be applied in reducing profits for previous chargeable accounting periods, the amount which cannot be applied shall, for the purposes of paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of the said section fifteen, be treated as part of the balance which, under that paragraph, is to be applied in reducing profits in subsequent chargeable accounting periods.

(4) The following provisions shall have effect in relation to chargeable accounting periods falling partly before and partly after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty-five—

(a) the standard profits for the whole period shall be computed, first on the basis that the preceding provisions of this section do not apply to such periods as aforesaid and secondly as if the said preceding provisions applied to such periods as aforesaid as they apply to periods beginning at or after the said end of March, and it shall then be ascertained, on each basis, whether there are excess profits or a deficiency of profits for the whole period, and if so what is the amount thereof;

(b) there shall be deemed to be for the first part of the period, excess profits or a deficiency of profits, as the case may be, equal to an apportioned part of the excess profits or deficiency of profits ascertained under paragraph (a) of this subsection on the first basis mentioned therein, and there shall be deemed to be, for the second part of the period, excess profits or a deficiency of profits, as the case may be, equal to an apportioned part of the excess profits or deficiency of profits ascertained under paragraph (a) of this subsection on the second basis mentioned therein;

(c) for the purposes of this section, the first part of the whole period and the second part of the whole period shall each be treated as if it were a separate chargeable accounting period.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 109.

1945- Finance Act, 1945. Ch. 24. 171

Any apportionment required to be made by paragraph ( of this subsection shall be made by reference to the number of months or fractions of months in each of the parts of the whole period.

In this subsection, references to the whole period, the first part of the period, and the second part of the period, shall be construed respectively as references to the whole of the chargeable accounting period falling partly before and partly after the said end of March, so much thereof as falls before the said end of March, and so much thereof as falls after the said end of March, and the expression " excess profits" means the amount by which the profits for any period exceed the standard profits therefor.

(5) This section shall be construed as one with Part III of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

6. —(1) The permanent annual charge for the National Debt Provisions as for the financial year ending with the thirty-first day of March, to permanent nineteen hundred and forty-six, shall be the sum of four hundred annual charge and sixty-five million pounds instead of the sum of three hundred National Debt and fifty-five million pounds.

(2) The Treasury may at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise

money under the National Loans Act, 1939, for providing any Geo 6> stuns required during the said financial year for the purposes c. 117. mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of section twenty-three of the Finance Act, 1928, and the amount zg & I9 Geo. 5. required by the said subsection (4) to be issued from the permanent c. 17. annual charge for the National Debt for the purposes aforesaid in that year shall be decreased by the amount raised under this subsection. 4

(3) Any securities created and issued to raise money under the last preceding subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under the National Loans Act,

1939*

7. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1945. short title and

(2) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall, construction-unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

172

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[15th June 1945.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and forty-six the sum of two thousand two hundred and six million, nine hundred and ninety-one thousand, three hundred and thirty-four pounds.

Power for 2.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the

the Treasury issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England to borrow. and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole two thousand two hundred and six million, nine hundred and ninety-one thousand, three hundred and thirty-four pounds.

Issue of

£2,206,991,334

out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1946.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-six and section six 40 & 41 Vict, of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of c- 2- bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills. 3

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

1945- Appropriation Act, 1945. Ch. 25. 173

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned Appropriation in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated of sums voted Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, Prices amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, ‘

to the sum of four thousand four hundred and fifty-eight million, five hundred and fifty-eight thousand, one hundred and twenty-seven pounds, are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the said sums granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to 54 & Vict, be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services c* 24 • and purposes specified in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule. 4 *

4. —(1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on navy, army Treasury may, and air services respectively is not made to exceed the aggregate in certain sums appropriated by this Act for those services respectively, cases of

any surplus arising on any vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid expenditure of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act unprovided as appropriations in aid of ‘that vote, or by saving of expenditure for; provided on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be tern- that the porarily applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums j^ants^or realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote navy, army in the same department, or in defraying expenditure in the same and air services

department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated respectively to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may ^<^ed be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

174

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Sanction for application of surpluses on certain navy, army and air votes for 1943.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 31.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 30.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

Short title.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the navy, army and air services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under this section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the Appropriation Acts, 1943 and 1944, surpluses arising on certain votes for navy, army and air services have been applied towards making good deficits on those services respectively as shown in the statements set out in Schedule (C) to this Act:

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses as shown in the said statements is hereby sanctioned.

6. —(1) A person shall not receive any payment out of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the production of a declaration under this section in respect of any payment if either—

(a) such a declaration has been subscribed within a period

of twelve calendar months preceding the date of the payment, or such longer period as the Treasury may in any particular case or class of cases allow; or

(b) the payment is made through a banker who has entered

into an undertaking in such form as may be approved by the Treasury with respect to the notification of circumstances coming to the knowledge of the banker which might affect the right to such payments of the person to whom the payment is made.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour. 7

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1945.

1945*

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A) and (B) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A). Section

I s- d.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - - 4,458,558,127 o o

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriations of Grants. Section

Sums not exceeding

1944-

Part 1. Navy (Supplementary), 1944 -, 2. Army (Supplementary), 1944 -, 3. Air (Supplementary), 1944 -, 4. Civil (Supplementary), 1944 -, 5. Expenditure arising out of the war (Supplementary Vote of Credit), 1944

1

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

y> I s- d.

10 0 0 40,000,000 0 0

10 0 0 160,000,000 0 0

10 0 0 230,000,000 0 0

9,640,463 0 0 700,999,265 0 0

1,000,000,000 0 0 —

1,009,640,493 0 0 1,130.999*265 0 0

176

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Sched. (B). Appropriations of Grants.

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriations of Grants—coni.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1945- £ s. d. £ *•

Part 6. Navy 1,800 0 0 180 0 0

, 7. Army 1,500 0 0 150 0 0

.. 8. Air - 1,100 0 0 no 0 0

I 4,400 0 0 0 0 1

Part 9. Civil, Class I 4.656,159 0 0 1,317,046 0 0

, 10. Civil, Class II - 29,084,955 0 0 383.050 0 0

, 11. Civil, Class III - 21,731,010 0 0 1,971,071 0 0

, 12. Civil, Class IV - 112,955,505 0 0 9.876,839 0 0

, 13. Civil, Class V - 232,863,010 0 0 6,533.770 0 0

, 14. Civil, Class VI - 31,920,660 0 0 4,688,885 0 0

, 15. Civil, Class VII - 25.823,733 0 0 1,834,822 0 0

, 16. Civil, Class VIII 41,631,053 0 0 85,143 0 0

, 17. Civil, Class IX - 52,772,859 0 0 1,278,000 0 0

, 18. Civil, Class X - 1,900 0 0 190 0 0

Total, Civil £ 553,440,844 0 0 27,968,816 0 0

• Part 19. Revenue Departments , 20. Expenditure arising out of the war (Votes of Credit) 145.472.390 0 0 2,750,000,000 0 0 6,490,213 0 0

Grand Total 4.458,558,127 0 0 1,165,458,734 0 0

1945-

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

177

SCHEDULE (A). Sched. (A).

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of March 1945— ' £ s.

Under Act 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 1 - - 709.750 0 0

Under Act 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 4 1,000,000,000 0 0

Under Act 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 13 - 8,930,743 0 0

For the service of the year ending on the 31st’day of March 1946—

Under Act 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 4 - 1,000,000,000 0 0

Under Act 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 13 - 241,926,300 0 0

Under this Act - - 2,206,991,334 0 0

Total 4458,558.127 o 0

M

178

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B). Part x.

Navy

(Supple-

mentary),

1944-

SCHEDULE (B).—Part i.

Navy (Supplementary), 1944.

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1945.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. I. Wages, &c., of officers and men of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines and of certain other £ £

personnel serving with the fleet 10 40,000,000

1945*

Appropriation , 1945.

Ch. 25.

179

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 2.

Army (Supplementary), 1944.

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1945.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Vote.

I. Pay, Ac., of the Army - 10 160,000,000

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 3.

Air (Supplementary), 1944.

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Air Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1945.

1 Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. I. Pay, Ac., of the Air Force - £ 10 £ 230,000,000

SCHED. (B). Part a. Army (Supple* mentary), 1944*

SCHED. (B). Part 3.

Air

(Supple-

mentary),

1944*

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

180

SCHED. (B). Part 4 Civil (Supplementary), 1944-

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4.

Civil (Supplementary), 1944.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1945, viz.:— 4 5 8 9 13

CIVIL.

Class I.

Vote.

4. For the salaries and other expenses

in the Department of His Majesty's Treasury and Subordinate Departments, and the salaries and expenses of certain Ministers appointed for special duties

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission -

21. For certain miscellaneous expenses, including certain grants in aid

Class II.

2. For the expenses in connection with His Majesty’s Embassies, Missions and Consular Establishments Abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular Vote; certain special grants and payments, including grants in aid; and sundry other services -

5. For sundry Dominion services, including

certain .grants in aid, and for expenditure in connection with Ex-Service Men in Eire, and for a grant in aid to Eire in respect of compensation to transferred

officers - -

8. For sundry Colonial and Middle Eastern

Services under His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain non-effective services and grants in aid

9. For the development of the resources of

colonies, protectorates, protected states

and mandated territories, and the welfare of their peoples; and for certain

salaries and expenses - -

13. For the reimbursement to certain British Banks of their subscriptions to the Chinese Currency Stabilisation Fund, 1939

Carried forward

• Deficit.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

4.215 —

1,300 *-350

4,000

500 —

9.750 —

1,000,088 35.932

1,313,000 —

5,000,000 —

7.332.853 35.582

1945-

Appropriation , 1945.

Ch. 25.

181

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

CIVIL—cotit. r

Brought forward - £ 7,332,853 £ 35,582

Class III. Vote. 20. For charges in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, and the expenses of management of Guaranteed Stocks and Bonds issued for the purposes of Irish land purchase - 40

Class IV. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for youth welfare 10 680,346

13. For public education in Scotland, including grants in aid of the Education (Scotland) Fund; for the Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh; and for grants to approved associations and other expenses in connection with Youth Service - 10 93,512

Class V. 14. For the payment of Supplementary Pensions to certain persons in receipt of Old Age Pensions or Widows* Pensions 1,980,000 20,000

I4A. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of National Insurance - 25,000 10

Class VI. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments, including a grant in aid 10

Carried forward - - £ 9,337.Q23 829,450

SCHED. (B) Part 4, Civil (Supplementary) 1944-

182

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B). Part 4.

Civil

(Supple-

mentary),

1944.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued.

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL—cont. Brought forward

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 9,337.923

829,450

Class VI.— .

Vote.

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland, including grants for land improvement, agricultural education and research, agricultural marketing, agricultural credits, expenses in respect of regulation of agricultural wages; certain grants in aid, and remanet subsidy payments -

Class VII.

1. For expenditure in respect of Houses of Parliament Buildings -

Class VIII.

1. For war pensions and allowances (including cost of treatment) arising out of the war of 1914-18 to merchant seamen and fishermen and their dependants and the administrative expenses connected therewith -

4. For superannuation and other non-

effective annual allowances, additional allowances, gratuities, compassionate allowances and supplementary pensions in respect of civil employment -

Class X.

1. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Aircraft Production

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Fuel and Power

6. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Health -

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Home Security

Carried forward

30,940 15.905

20,000 —

51.510 ♦

200,000 —

10 20,999,990

10 67.999.990

10 19,499,990

10 3,999,990

10 1,199.990

9,640.423 | 114.545,305

1945-

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

183

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

CIVIL—cont. £ £

Brought forward - 9,640,423 H4.545,305

Class X.—cont. Vote. 12. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Supply, including the expenses of the Royal Ordnance Factories 10 ,79,999,990

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of War Transport 10 499,999,990

16. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Works - - 10 4,999,990

17. For the cost of the war services of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland - - 10 1,453,990

Total, Civil (Supplementary),

1944 1 9,640,463 a 700,999,265

Schxo. (B) Part 4.

Civil

(Supple-

mentary),

944-

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5.

Expenditure arising out of the War.

(Supplementary Vote of Credit).

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1945, for general Navy, Army and Air services and supplies in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament; for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the war; for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community; for relief and rehabilitation in areas brought under the control of any of the United Nations; and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war - 1,000,000,000

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. Expenditure arising out of the war. (Supplementary Vote of Credit.) 1944*

184

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6

SCHED. (B)

Part 6. Navy.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, including provision for such numbers of officers, seamen, boys and royal marines and royal marine police as His Majesty may deem necessary, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

f Supply Appropriations

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. i. For wages, &c., of officers and men of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines and of certain other personnel serving I 1

with the fleet 2. For victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling IOO 10

establishments at home and abroad -3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home 100 10

and abroad IOO 10

4. For civilians employed on fleet services IOO 10

5. For educational services - IOO 10

6. For scientific services - 7. For the royal naval reserve, the royal fleet reserve and the royal naval IOO 10

volunteer reserve, &c. -8. Section I. For the personnel for ship- IOO 10

building, repairs, maintenance, &c., at dockyards and naval yards at home

and abroad IOO 10

, Section II. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c.,

at dockyards and naval yards at

home and abroad -, Section III. For contract work for IOO 10

shipbuilding, repairs, &c. - IOO 10

Carried forward £ 1,000 IOO

I945*

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

185

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward - £ 1,000 £ 100

Vote. 9. For naval armaments - 100 10

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants and other charges connected therewith - 100 10

11. For various miscellaneous effective services 100 10

12. For the Admiralty Office - 100 10

13. For non-effective services (naval and marine)—officers - - 100 10

14. For non-effective services (naval and

marine)—men 100 10

15. For civil superannuation, and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances and gratuities 100 10

16. For merchant shipbuilding, &c. - 100 10

Total, Navy Services 1,800 180

SCHED. (B). Part 6. Navy.

i86

Ch. 25

Appropriation , 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B).

Part 7 Army.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7.

ARMY

Schedule of. Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, including provision for such numbers of Land Forces of all ranks as His Majesty may deem necessary (exclusive of those serving in India), viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Vote.

I. For the pay, &c., of the Army - 100 10

2. For the Territorial Army, Training

Corps, Army Cadet Force, &c. - 100 10

3. For medical services - 100 10

4. For educational establishments - 100 10

5. For quartering and movements - 100 10

6. For supplies, road transport and

remounts 100 10

7. For clothing- - 100 10

8. For general stores - 100 10

9. For warlike stores - 100 10

10. For works, buildings and lands, in-

cluding civilian staff and other

charges in connection therewith 100 10

11. For miscellaneous effective services 100 10

12. For the War Office - 100 10

Carried forward - - £ 1,200 120

1945-

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25

187

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7— continueSc (B)

Sums not exceeding

• Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward - £ 1,200 £ 120

Vote 13. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay, widows' pensions and other non-effective charges for officers 100 10

14. For the Royal Hospital, Chelsea; out-

pensions, rewards for distinguished service, widows' pensions, and other non-effective charges for warrant officers, non-commissioned officers, men, &c. 100 10

15. For civil superannuation and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances and gratuities 100 10

Total, Army Services 1,500 150

188

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Air.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8.

AIR.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly mentioned, which will com$ in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, including provision for such number of officers and airmen of the Air Force as His Majesty may deem necessary (exclusive of those serving in India on the Indian establishment), viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Vote

I. For the pay, &c., of the Air Force 100 10

2. For quartering, non-technical stores.

supplies and transportation 100 10

3. For technical and warlike stores - 100 10

4. For works, buildings and lands, includ-

ing civilian staff and other charges

connected therewith - 100 10

5. For medical services - 100 10

6. For educational services - 100 10

7. For reserve and auxiliary forces - 100 10

8. For civil aviation - 100 10

9. For meteorological and miscellaneous

effective services - 100 10

10. For the Air Ministry - 100 10

11. For half-pay, pensions and other non-

effective services - 100 10

Total, Air Services - £ 1,100 no

*945-

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

189

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9.

SCHED. (B). Part 9.

Civil. Class I.

CIVIL.—Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. £ £

I. For the salaries and expenses of the Offices of the House‘of Lords- 68,288 9,715

2. For the salaries and expenses of the House of Commons - - 49L322 3,600

3. For expenses in respect of the regis-' tration of electors - 700,000

4. For the salaries and other expenses

in the Department of His Majesty's Treasury and Subordinate Departments, and the salaries and expenses of certain Ministers appointed for special duties - 1.254,304 45,701

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council 22,332 3,500

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Lord Privy Seal - 9,100

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Charity Commission for England and Wales - 35.669 t, 200

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission - 96.510 148,410

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Comptroller and Auditor General - 288,690 11,370

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Actuary 23,970 2,000

Carried forward - £ 2,992,185 225,496

190

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B).

Part 9.

Civil. Class I.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - 2,992,185 225,496

Vote. iz. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Chemist 120,131 200

12. For a grant in aid of the Government Hospitality Fund - - 30,000 —

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of coinage (Imperial, Colonial and Foreign), and the expenses of the preparation of medals and badges.

dies for postage and other stamps, and His Majesty's seals - 100 772,100

14. For the salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office - 6.39* 23,690

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National Savings Committee - 551*904 —

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments 45.207 500

17. For the salaries of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commission and the expenses of the Commission - 20,259 1,000

18. For making the payment due to the *

Local Loans Fund in respect of advances in Northern Ireland - 35.000 —

19. For the salaries and other expenses of Royal Commissions, Committees, and special enquiries, &c., including provision for shorthand - 78,000

Carried forward £ 3.879.178 1,022,986

1945-

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

191

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9—continued.

Brought forward -

Vote.

20. For certain miscellaneous expenses, including certain grants in aid -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grant*.

3.879,178

Appropriation* in Aid.

1,022,986

96,071

600

SCHED. (B). Part 9.

Civil. Class I.

21. For His Majesty’s foreign and other

secret services -

22. For the salaries and expenses of the

Tithe Redemption Commission -

23. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Town and Country Planning, including grants to local planning authorities ...

100 —

100 292,660

433»84<> *00

24. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Secretary of State for Scotland; salaries and expenses of the Scottish Home Department; expenses in respect of private legislation procedure in Scotland; a subsidy for transport services to the Western Highlands and Islands; a grant in lieu of Land Tax; contributions towards the expenses of Probation and of Remand Homes, and grants in connection with physical training and recreation ...

Total, Civil, Class I - £

246,870 600

4*656,159 1.317.046

192

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10.

Part 10.

Civil.

Class II.

CIVIL.—Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. I. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs and the salary of a Minister of State - £ 2,867,787 £ 25.250

2. For the expenses in connection with His Majesty’s Embassies, Missions and Consular Establishments Abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular Vote; certain special grants and payments, including grants in aid; and sundry other services - 4,710,152 138,000

3. For a grant in aid of the British Council 2,900,000 —

4. For a contribution towards the expenses of the League of Nations and for other expenses in connection therewith, including United Kingdom Representation before the Permanent Court of International Justice - 87,010

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs - 119,260 405

Carried forward - - £ 10,684,209 163.655

1945-

Appropriation , 1945.

Ch. 25.

193

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10—continued.

Brought forward -

Vote.

6. For sundry Dominion services, including

certain grants in aid; for the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal •Tribunals in Eire; and for a grant in aid to Eire in respect of compensation to transferred officers

7. For the expenses connected with Over-

sea Settlement -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies -

9. For sundry Colonial and Middle Eastern

Services under His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain non-effective services and grants in aid

10. For a grant in aid of a sum equivalent

to accumulated profits realised under the West African cocoa control scheme for allocation to the Governments of the Gold Coast, Nigeria and the French Cameroons -

11. For the development of the resources

of colonies, protectorates, protected states and mandated territories, and the welfare of their peoples; and for certain salaries and expenses -

12. For the development of the resources

of the South African High Commission Territories and the welfare of their peoples -

Carried forward -

N

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1 I

10,684,209 163,655

369.242 —

IOO 9.770

523.780 15,100

6,114,656 3,765

3.676,253 —

4,937,200 —

394,800 —

26,700,240 192,290

Sched. (B) Part 10.

Civil. Class II.

194

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B)

Part 10.

Civil. Class II.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

' Grants. in Aid.

1 I

Brought forward - 26,700,240 192,290

Vote. 13. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for India and His Majesty's Secretary of State for Burma, and a grant in aid of

military expenditure from Indian Revenues .. 2,258,702 189,500

14. For certain salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land in the United Kingdom and a grant in aid - • - 126,013 1,260

Total, Civil, Class II - 29.084,955 383.050

1945-

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

195

SCHEDULE (B).—Part ii.

CIVIL.—Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations m aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. I. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and of subordinate offices; liquidation expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary, contributions towards the expenses of Probation and a grant in aid of the Central Committee for I l

Refugees 2. For the expenses of the maintenance of criminal lunatics in the Broad- 1.483.510 48.130

moor Criminal Lunatic Asylum - 133.070 2,550

3. For the salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District; the contribution towards the expenses of the Metropolitan 9

Police; the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary; the cost of special services, and other

grants in respect of Police expenditure, including a grant in aid of the Police Federation, and a contribution towards the expenses of the Inter-

national Criminal Police Commission 4. For the salaries and expenses of the office, of the Prison Commissioners and of the Prisons in England and I3.436.S09 16,575

Wales 2,070,400 89,000

Carried forward N 2 17.123.789 156.255

SCHED. (B). Part xi.

Civil. Class III.

196

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B).

Part ii.

Civil. Class III.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part ii—continued.

Brought forward

Vote.

5. For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools in England and Wales; the expenses of local authorities in respect of children and young persons committed to their care; and the expenses of the councils of counties and county boroughs in respect of remand homes

6. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, and a grant in aid; and the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals -

7. For the salaries and expenses in con-

nection with the County Courts and the Liabilities Adjustment Offices -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Land Registry -

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Public Trustee -

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Law Officers' Department; the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty’s Procurator-General and Solicitor for the Affairs of His Majesty's Treasury, and of the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; the costs of prosecutions, of other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency

Carried forward - - /

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 17,123,789 £ 156.255

597.900 30,100

100 753.545

493.010 278,000

100 141,229

27,080 1 1 308,000

215.275 48,000

1 18.457.254 1,715,129

1945-

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

197

SCHEDULE (B).—Part ii—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (B). Part ii.

Civil. Class III.

Brought forward -

Vote.

11. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, for the salaries and expenses of arbitrators, &c., in connection with the acquisition of land, for grants in aid of the expenses of the Law Society and of the Solicitors’ Discipline (Scotland) Committee, and for the expenses of Tribunals established in connection with Defence Compensation - .

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

18457,254

1,715,129

50,701

600

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

Inspectors of Constabulary; the cost of special services, grants in respect of Police expenditure and a grant in aid of the Police Federation in Scotland

13. For salaries and expenses in connection

with the administration of Scottish prisons, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics, defectives, and inmates of the State Inebriate Reformatory, and the preparation of judicial statistics -

1,496.830

203,020

12,000

14. For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools, and of the expenses of Education Authorities in Scotland in respect of children and young persons committed to their care

147.250

9.500

15. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Scottish Land Court

8,012

300

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate's Department and other law charges, the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice and of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in Scotland -

Carried forward £

99,921

144.500

20462,988

1,882,029

198

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part ii—continued.

SCHED. (B). Part ii.

Civil. Class III.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - 20,462,988 1,882,029

Vote. 17. For the salaries and expenses of the offices in His Majesty’s General Register House, Edinburgh 14,622 55,000

18. For the cost of certain Northern Ireland

services 6,837 5,600

19. For such of the salaries and expenses of

the Supreme Court of Judicature and

Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern

Ireland, and of the Land Registry of Northern Ireland, as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, and other expenses, including certain expenses in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland and a grant in aid; and the salaries and expenses of the Pensions Appeal Tribunal in Northern Ireland 32,779 28,342

20. For Charges in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, and the expenses of management of Guaranteed Stocks and Bonds issued for the purposes of Irish land purchase 1,213,784 100

Total, Civil, Class III - £ 21,731,010 1,971,071

0

1945-

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

199

SCHED. (B).

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12. Part i*.

v ’ avii.

Class IV.

CIVIL.—Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. I. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for £ £

youth welfare 2. For the salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including a grant 84,507,780 8,669,500

in aid 3. For the salaries and expenses of the British Museum (Natural History), 159.815 18,475

including a grant in aid - 4. For the salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Museum, including a 110,59! 1,450

grant in aid 13.030 70

5. For the salaries and expenses of the London Museum, Lancaster House, in-

cluding a grant in aid - 6. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery and of the Tate Gallery, Millbank, including a grant in 8,583 450

aid 7. For the salaries and expenses of the National Maritime Museum, includ- 42,825 994

. mg a grant in aid - 10,737 20

Carried forward £ 84.853.361 8,690,959

200

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B)

Part it.

Civil. Class IV

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward - Vote. 8. For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including I 84,853,361 £ 8,690,959

a grant in aid - H,37I 335

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

Wallace Collection -10. For sundry grants in aid of scientific 14,841 1,150

investigation, &c.f and other grants 11. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities, Colleges, Medical Schools, Teaching Hospitals, &c., in 709,646

Great Britain 12. For a grant in aid of the British 5,900,000

Broadcasting Corporation 13. For public education in Scotland, including certain grants in aid of the Education (Scotland) Fund, and for the Royal Scottish Museum, Edin- 9,000,000

burgh, including a grant in aid - 14. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, Scotland, the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, 12,444,360 1,179,298

and the Museum of Antiquities 15. For the salaries and expenses of the National Library, Scotland, includ- 18,023 80

ing a grant in aid - 3,903 5,oi7

Total, Civil, Class IV 112,955,505 9,876,839

I945-

Appropriation , 1945.

Ch. 25.

201

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13.

SCHED. (B) Part 13.

Civil. Class V.

CIVIL.—Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. I. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health, including grants and other expenses in connection with housing, certain other grants to local authorities, &c., a grant in aid of the National Radium Trust, a grant in aid of the Civil Service Sports I £

Council; and other services 2. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Control and grants in respect of the maintenance of certain 17,101,234 853,700

ex-service mental patients 3. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar-General 245.825 13.980

of Births, &c. - 4. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and National Service, including grants to local authorities, associations and other bodies in respect of employment exchange and other services; expenses of training, transfer, rehabilitation and resettlement; contribution towards the expenses of the International Labour Organisation (League of Nations); expenses of the Industrial 324.490 42,330

Court; and sundry services 24,040,000 2,530,000

Carried forward £ 41,711,549 3,440,010

202

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945*

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B) Part 13.

Civil. Class V.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13— ♦

Sums not exceeding

Supply > Appropriations

Grants. in Aid.

I I

Brought forward - 41,711,549 '3,440,010

Vote. 5. For grants to local authorities, &c., in respect of employment and development schemes, including adjustments of grant in certain cases - 1,680,000

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Commissioner for Special Areas (England and Wales), and the expenses of the Commissioner - 100 750,000

7. For a grant in aid of the Special Areas Fund - 1,075,000 —

8. For financial assistance to new industrial

undertakings in the Special and Other Areas 100,800 —

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of National Insurance, including certain expenses in connection with widows’, orphans’ and old age contributory pensions; grants in aid in respect of national health insurance benefits, &c.; sums payable by the Exechequer to the Unemployment Fund; grants to associations in respect of unemployment insurance; certain expenses in connection with workmen's compensation; and other services 36,367,000 1,549,000

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Assistance Board and of certain Appeal Tribunals; sums payable to applicants for assistance, &c.; expenses of training, work centres, &c.; and a grant in aid 5,655,000 15,000

11. For the salaries and expenses of the National Insurance Audit Department 149,200 3,870

Carried forward 86,738,649 5,757,880

I945*

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

203

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward 86,738,649 5.757.880

Vote. 12. For the salaries and expenses of the

Registry of Friendly Societies - 46,480 2,800

13. For Old Age Pensions and pensions to blind persons, and for certain administrative expenses in connection therewith - - 57-750,oooo 16,000

14. For the sums payable to the Treasury Pensions Account and to the Treasury Special Pensions Account in respect of Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions - 22,525,000

15. For the payment of Supplementary Pensions to certain persons in receipt of Old Age Pensions or Widows’ Pensions 61,920,000 80,000

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for Scotland; including grants and other expenses in connection with housing, certain other grants to local authorities, &c., a grant in aid of the Highlands and Islands medical service; and other services 3,802,233 103,660

17. For the,salaries and expenses of the Board of Control for Scotland, and grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service mental patients 25,322 400

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar-General of Births, &c., in Scotland 55,226 4,080

19. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Commissioner for Special Areas (Scotland), and the expenses

of the Commissioner - 100 568,950

Total, Civil, Class V - 232,863,010 6,533,770

SCHED. (B) Part 13.

Civil. Class V.

204

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B). Part 14.

Civil Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14.

CIVIL.—Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, viz.:—

• Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. i. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate £ £

departments, including a grant in aid 2. For the salaries and expenses of certain Mercantile Marine services, including the expenses of the Coastguard and the General Register and Record 2,564,935 440,800

Office of Shipping and Seamen 3. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Overseas Trade, including grants in aid of the Imperial Institute and the Travel and Industrial Development Association 1,512,154 440,800

of Great Britain and Ireland 4. For the salaries and expenses of the Export Credits Guarantee Department, and to provide for guarantees given after consultation with the 561,903 935

Export Guarantees Advisory Council 5. For the salaries and expenses of the 100 396,900

Ministry of Fuel and Power 6. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Crown 3,100,000 185,000

Lands 36,039 —

Carried forward 7.775,131 I.464.435

1945-

Appropriation , 1945.

Ch. 25.

205

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14— .

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward - £ 7.775.131 £ 1.464.435

Vote. 7. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including grants, grants in aid and expenses in respect of agricultural education and research, eradication of diseases of animals, and improvement of breeding, &c., of live stock, land settlement, improvement of cultivation, drainage,

&c., regulation of agricultural wages, agricultural credits, and marketing; fishery organisation, research and development, control of diseases of fish, &c.; and sundry other services, including agricultural training schemes

and certain remanet subsidy payments 5.051.3 76 805.418

8. For the expenses of the survey of Great

Britain and other mapping services - 1,164,925 72,425

9. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund 10. For a grant in aid of the Road Fund; for the maintenance of Menai Bridge; for payments to local authorities in reimbursement of expenses incurred in the collection of motor vehicle 850,000

duties, &c., and the registration of

motor vehicles; and for other services 11. For the expenses of maintaining Holy-head Harbour and the Caledonian and Crinan Canals, and annuities in 9,174,400 110,000

respect of Light Railways 49.143 15,980

12. For a grant in aid of the Development

Fund 994,000 —

13. For grants to public utility undertakings

in Great Britain - 425.000 —

Carried forward 23.483.975 1 2,468,258

SCHED. (B) Part 14.

Civil. Class VI.

206

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B) Part 14.

avii. Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward Vote. 14. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including the Geological Survey of Great Britain and Museum of Practical Geology, 25,483.975 2,468,258

and a grant in aid -15. For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts, including the salaries of the central office, and the cost of provision and 1,405,271 411,946

management of licensed premises 100 1,245,870

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Anglo-Spanish, Anglo-Roumanian, Anglo-Italian and Anglo-Turkish *

Clearing Offices - -i6a. For the salaries and expenses of the 100 31.813

Ministry of Civil Aviation 17. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland, including grants for land improvement, agricultural education and research, agricultural marketing, agricultural credits, and expenses in respect of regulation of agricultural wages; agricultural training schemes, certain grants in aid, and remanet 3,536,010 310,000

subsidy payments -18. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish fishery services, and a grant in aid of 964,772 202,198

piers or quays 19. For grants in respect of the general administrative and other expenses of the Herring Industry Board, including certain advances by way of grant in aid; for a grant in aid of the Herring Marketing Fund; and for grants to herring fishermen and certain other persons for assistance in the provision 90,432 18,800

of boats and equipment - 440,000 —

Total, Civil, Class VI - 31,920,660 4.688,885

1945-

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

207

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15.

CIVIL.—Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. £ £

I. For expenditure in respect of Houses of Parliament buildings - A/ 122,250 175

2. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings - 110,030 i,295

3. For expenditure in respect of Osborne - 26,900 810

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Works - - 6,292,570 255,000

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous works services, including certain new works and buildings, historic buildings, ancient monuments, Brompton Cemetery, certain housing estates and certain grants in aid 8,767,065 0 15,515

6. For expenditure in respect of public buildings overseas - 340,200 6.775

7. For expenditure in respect of Royal Palaces, including a grant in aid 116,735 6,050

8. For expenditure in respect of Royal parks and pleasure gardens 227,910 28,435

9. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the Crown for the public service, and for rates on buildings occupied by representatives of British Dominions and of Foreign Powers; and for • the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department, and a grant in aid of the expenses of the London Fire Brigade 4,827,142 50,727

Carried forward £ 20,830,802 364,782

SCHED. (6).

Part 15.

Civil. Class VII.

208

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B).

Part 15.

Civil. Class VII.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - 20,830,802 364.782

Vote. 10. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the public service; for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of Parliamentary Debates 4,936,611 1,467,000

11. For constructing a new harbour of

refuge at Peterhead - - 12,000 —

12. For expenditure in respect of public

works and buildings in Ireland - 44.320 3.040

Total, Civil, Class VII - 25.823,733 1,834,822

0

1945-

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

209

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16.

CIVIL.—Class VIII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. I. For war pensions and allowances (including cost of treatment) arising out of the war of 1914-18 to merchant seamen and fishermen and their £ £

dependants and the administrative

expenses connected therewith - 2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, payments in respect of war pensions, gratuities and allowances, sundry contributions in respect thereof and other services 3. For the expenses of pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities 303,053

36,428,000 45,000

awarded to retired and disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to widows of such members, including annuities to the National Debt Commissioners in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain extra-

statutory payments -4. For superannuation and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances, gratuities, compassionate allowances and supplementary pensions in respect of civil 1,250,000

employment - 3,650,000 40,143

Total, Civil, Class VIII- £ 41,631,053 85,143

O

SCHED. (B). Part 16. Civil. Class VIII.

210

Ch. 25.

Appropriation , 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B).

Part 17. SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17.

Civil.

Class IX.

CIVIL.—Class IX.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. I. For the General Exchequer Contribution and certain other grants to local authorities in England and Wales i 46,018,000 £ 1,103,000

2. For the General Exchequer Contribution and certain other grants to local authorities in Scotland - 6.754,859 175,000

Total, Civil, Class IX - 52,772,859 1,278,000

1945-

Appropriation , 1945.

Ch. 25.

211

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18.

CIVIL.—Class X*

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March, 1946, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. £ £

I. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries 100 10

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Aircraft Production 100 10

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Economic Warfare - 100 10

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Food - 100 10

5. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Fuel and Power - 100 10

6. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Health - - 100 zo

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Home Security 100 10

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Information - 100 10

9. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Labour and National

Service 100 10

20. For the salaries and expenses of the

Postal and Telegraph Censorship

Department - - - 100 10

ii. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Production - 100 10

Carried forward - - 1,100 no

02

SCHED. (B). Part 18.

Civil. Class X.

212

Ch. 25.

Appropriation , 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B) Part 18.

Civil. Class X.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

Brought forward

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1,100

no

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Supply, including the expenses of the Royal Ordnance Factories - - -

100

10

13. For salaries and expenses in connec-

tion with war damage to business goods and to private chattels -

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

War Damage Commission

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of War Transport

16. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Works -

17. For the cost of the war services of the

Department of Agriculture for Scotland

18. For the cost of the war services of the

Department of Health for Scotland -

19. For the cost of the war services of the

Scottish Home Department

Total, Civil, Class X - £

100

100

100

100

10

10

10

10

100

100

100

1,900

10

10

10

190

1945-

Appropriation 1945.

Ch. 25.

213

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, viz.:—

Suns not exceeding

Vote.

I. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs and Excise Department -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

6,569,600 197.600

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department -

14,642,790

178,500

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office, including Telegraphs and Telephones -

Total, Revenue Departments

124,260,000 6,114,113

145.472,390 6,490,213

SCHED. (B). Part 19. Revenue Departments.

214

Ch. 25.

Appropriation , 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B).

Part 20. Expenditure arising out of the war (Votes of Credit.)

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 20.

Expenditure arising out of the War. (Votes of Credit.)

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1946, for general Navy, Army and Air services and supplies in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament; for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the war; for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community; for relief and rehabilitation in areas brought under the control of any of the United Nations; and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war (including a Supplementary sum of £1,750,000,000) 2,750,000,000

1945-

Appropriation Act, 1945.

Ch. 25.

215

SCHEDULE (C).—Part I.

SCHED. (C). Part I. Navy Services. Section 5.

Deficits. Surpluses.

Navy Services, 1943, Votes. Excesses of actual over Deficiencies of actual as Surpluses of n/'fnal oq

estimated gross Expenditure. compared with estimated Receipts. actual ao compared with estimated Receipts.

£ s. £ £ s. d.

x. Wages, &c., of Officers 77.787.373 15 1 39.883.463 12 10

and Men of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines, and of certain other Personnel

serving with the Fleet. 2. Victualling and Cloth- 59,232,056 18 4 9,669,819 15 1

ing for the Navy. 3. Medical Establishments 3.198,996 5 8 - - 115.598 7 4

and Services.

4. Civilians employed on 4,098,966 11 3 — 5.456 17 3

Fleet Services.

5. Educational Services... 201,609 - 6 — 93.703 10 4 77.821 3 3

6. Scientific Services 3.433.949 16 11 —

7. Royal Naval Reserves 32,083 16 7 IO - - —

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs,

Maintenance, Ac. Section I.—Personnel Section II.—Materiel Section III. — Contract Work. *•482,199,828 2 8 16,937.144 7 1

9. Naval Armaments 10. Works, Buildings and

Repairs at Home and Abroad.

x6. Merchant Shipbuilding 11. Miscellaneous Effec- 39,228,223 3 10 _ 6,082,020 1 10

tive Services.

12. Admiralty Office 6,058,694 19 5 — 9,402 6 2

13. Non-effective Services 1,782,685 16 4 — 15.703 13 6

(Naval and Marine) —Officers.

14. Non-effective Services 5,026,409 12 1 — 62,765 19 9

(Naval and Marine) —Men.

15. Civil Superannuation, M°3.3i6 16 9 — 2,677 11 8

Allowances and Gratuities.

Balances Irrecoverable and' 66,396 13 7 — —

Claims Abandoned.

683.750.591 9 -; 1 39,883,473 12 10 J

v Total Deficits Total Surpluses

£723.634.065 L is. 10 d. £33,072,113 i3«- 3

Net Deficit met from Vote of Credit... £690,561,951 8s. 7

le

216

Ch. 25.

Appropriation Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (C). Part II.

Army Services. Section 5.

SCHEDULE (C).~Part II.

Army Services, 1943. Votes. Deficits. Surpluses.

Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure. Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts. Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts.

£ »• d. £ s. d. £ d.

1. Pay, Ac., of the Army... 387,781,615 11 4 25.790,946 16 7

2. Territorial Army and 7.194*344 - 9 — 67.967 - 10

Reserve Forces.

3. Medical Services 6,064,633 10 6 — 180,008 6 8

4. Educational Establish- 1.937.994 18 4 — 11.457 2 4

ments.

5. Quartering and Move- 95.i44.44i 8 3 — 1,510,446 5 -

ments.

6. Supplies, Road Trans- 251,116,428 7 10 — 10,174.569 19 3

port and Remounts.

7. Clothing 6,197,883 11 8 — 40,709 12 2

8. General Stores 33,296,078 - 8 — 258.115 9 1

9. Warlike Stores 8,007,943 1 - — 655,480 13 7

10. Works, Buildings and 109,160,772 12 6 — 3.833.347 11 -

Lands.

ti. Miscellaneous Effective 32,100,990 6 8 — 818,229 - 9

Services.

12. War Office 3.484,944 " 11 — 1,825 - 10

13. Half-pay, Retired Pay 3.289.113 9 8 — 647.450 18 7

and other Non-effec-

tive Charges for Offi-

cers.

14. Pensions and other Non- 1.705.539 1 1 — 739.407 3 4

effective Charges for

Warrant Officers, Non-

commissioned Officers,

men and others.

15. Civil Superannuation, 399,695 14 9 — 436 10 8

Compensation and

Gratuities.

Balances Irrecoverable 568,607 2 3 — —

and Claims Aban- am Ail

QQQGQi

1 947.451.024 18 2 25.790.946 16 7 J

» Total Deficits Total Surpluses

£973.241,971 14s. 9 d £18,939.450 14 1

Net Deficit met from 1 ,

Vote of Credit. ^£954,302.521 s. »«.

I945*

Appropriation f 1945.

Ch. 25.

217

SCHEDULE (C).—Part III.

SCHED. (C). Part III.

Air Services. Section 5.

Deficits. Surpluses.

Air Services, 1943. Votes. Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure. Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts. Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts.

£ s. £ . d. £ s. 4.

1. Pay, Ac., of the Air 108,691,243 18 7 117,185,389 7 6 —

Force.

2. Quartering, Non-Tech- 69,680,398 18 7 — 3.732.408 2 7

nical Stores, Supplies and Transportation. 115,288,698 8 5

3. Technical and Warlike — 91,962,203 7 6

Stores.

4. Works, Buildings and Lands. 159^624,239 12 8 — 4.048,321 19 5

5. Medical Services 850,802 4 10 — 88,983 4 2

6. Educational Services ... 1.179.879 3 6 — 2,242 8 4

7. Reserve and Auxiliary 293.392 16 4 — 1,249 16 8

Forces.

8. Civil Aviation 1,966,860 8 4 — 215.366 7 4

9. Meteorological and Mis- 20,300,493 2 5 — 749,948 18 1

cellaneous Effective Services.

10. Air Ministry 4,099,049 3 6 — 1,500 7 6

ti. Half-Pay, Pensions and 1,056,887 1 11 — 23,161 - -

other Non-effective Services.

Balances Irrecoverable 141.969 7 5 — —

and Claims Abandoned.

4 \ ♦83.173.914 6 6 |: "7.185,389 7 6 $

Total Deficits Total Surpluses

1 £600,359,303 14s. -d. , £100,825,385 us. 7

—v — Net Deficit met from"! ,aMl Vote of Credit. >*499.533.918 »• 5*

218

Ch. 26, 27.

Camps Ac, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Transfer to Minister of Education of functions of Minister of Health.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 22.

23 & 24 Geo. 5 c. 51.

Short title and citation.

Untransferred

burial

grounds.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 91.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to transfer the functions of the Minister of Health under the Camps Act, 1939, to the Minister of Education.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The powers and duties of the Minister of Health under the Camps Act, 1939, shall be transferred to the Minister of Education.

(2) In the said Act, in the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1933, applied by section two of the said Act of 1939, and in any agreement or other document relating to the company recognised for England and Wales for the purposes of section one of the said Act of 1939, references to the Minister of Health shall be construed as references to the Minister of Education; and anything done before the passing of this Act for the purposes of the said Act of 1939, or of any such agreement or document as aforesaid, by the Minister of Health shall be treated for those purposes as done by the Minister of Education.

2. This Act may be cited as the Camps Act, 1945, and this Act and the Camps Act, 1939, may be cited together as the Camps Acts, 1939 and 1945.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to amend the provisions of the Welsh Church Act, 1914, relating to burial grounds and for purposes connected therewith.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Any burial ground which, immediately before the commencement of this Act, is vested in the Welsh Commissioners by virtue of the Welsh Church Act, 1914 (hereinafter referred to as " the principal Act ") shall, by virtue of this Act and without more, vest as from the appointed day in the representative body :

1945-

Welsh Church

(Burial Grounds) , 1945.

Ch. 27.

219

Provided that, where, but for the provisions of this Act, the incumbent of an ecclesiastical parish would, immediately before the said day, be entitled to have any such burial ground transferred to him under paragraph (ft) of subsection (1) of section eight of the principal Act as being the existing incumbent within the meaning of that Act, that ground shall vest in him during his incumbency and subject thereto in the representative body.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, the interest of an incumbent in a burial ground vested in him by virtue of the proviso to the foregoing subsection and the interest therein of the representative body shall be legal estates, and no burial ground shall be deemed to be settled land by reason only of its vesting in accordance with that proviso.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, any .burial ground vested by this section shall be held subject to any public or private rights of burial therein or otherwise with respect thereto to which it is subject at the time of vesting.

(4) The Welsh Commissioners shall deliver to the representative body a schedule specifying to the best of their knowledge and belief the burial grounds which, immediately before the commencement of this Act, are vested in them by virtue of the principal Act and, as respects each such ground, the land comprised therein and the rights to which it is subject on its vesting on the appointed day; and—

(a) it shall be presumed, unless the contrary is proved or is

stated in the schedule, that the Welsh Commissioners have from the date of disestablishment until the appointed day been in possession of any burial ground included in the schedule; and

(b) subsection (6) of section forty-five of the Law of Property 15 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925, shall apply to all statements and descriptions c- 2°* of facts and matters contained in the schedule so as to make them evidence of the truth of such facts and matters to the like extent as if they were contained in a. deed executed on the date of the commencement of this Act.

2.—(1) Where, before the commencement of this Act, the burial Transferred ground of any ecclesiastical parish has been transferred by the bunal Welsh Commissioners under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) Qf grounds* section eight of the principal Act so as to vest in, or in trustees on behalf of, any authority or body, whether immediately or on the determination of the incumbency of the then incumbent, that authority or body (or its successor in title) and the representative body may enter into an agreement for the transfer of the burial ground to the representative body upon such terms, subject to the following provisions of this Act, as may be agreed between them.

220

Maintenance of burial grounds.

Rights of burial, etc.

43 & 44 Vict, c. 41.

Ch. 27. Welsh Church 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Burial Grounds) Act, 1945.

(2) Subsections (3) and (4) of section twenty-four of the principal Act shall cease to apply to any burial ground transferred in pursuance of any such agreement.

3. —(1) The representative body shall maintain in decent order—

(a) any burial ground which, having been transferred by the

Welsh Commissioners as mentioned in the last foregoing section, is vested in the representative body in pursuance of an agreement made thereunder; and

(b) any burial ground which, in lieu of being so transferred,

is vested in the representative body by section one of this Act.

(2) Any liability under any other enactment or at common law for the repair or maintenance of a burial ground as such, and any liability under custom for the repair or maintenance of a particular burial ground, shall cease to be applicable to any such burial ground on its vesting as aforesaid.

(3) The representative body shall perform their duties under subsection (1) of this section in respect of any burial ground in such manner as to preserve for the enjoyment of the public the amenities of the locality in which the burial ground is situated.

4. —(1) Except so far as may be necessary to comply with any trust or condition affecting any part of a burial ground which is a private benefaction within the meaning of the principal Act, no discrimination shall be made between the burial of members of the Church in Wales and of other persons in any burial ground vested in the representative body under section eight of the principal Act or by section one of this Act or in pursuance of an agreement made under section two of this Act; and the provisions of the Burial Laws Amendment Act, 1880, shall not apply so as to regulate burial in any such ground otherwise than according to the rites of the Church in Wales, save in so far as they are applied by the following provisions of this section.

(2) Any right of burial in any such burial ground subject to which it vested or vests in the representative body as aforesaid shall be subject, in lieu of any conditions as to the giving of notice or payment of fees which would otherwise have regulated the exercise thereof, to such conditions as to those matters as may be prescribed by rules made with the approval of the Secretary of State by the representative body; and rules so made may also provide in the case of any such burial ground which is attached to a church for regulating the times at which services may be held in the burial ground so as not to interfere with services in the church and for preventing interference by persons attending funerals with the clergy or congregation attenchng the church.

1945-

Welsh Church

(Burial Grounds) , 1945.

Ch. 27, 28.

221

(3) Where a burial in any such burial ground is conducted otherwise than in accordance with the rites of the Church in Wales, the following enactments shall apply as if the burial were a burial in pursuance of a notice given under the Burial Laws Amendment Act, 1880, that is to say—

(a) section ten of that Act (which relates to the registration of burials);

(b) sections one to three of the Births and Deaths Regis- 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

tration Act, 1926 (which prohibit the disposal of a body c- 48* except on a registrar's certificate or coroner's order and provide for matters connected therewith).

5. In this Act the following expressions have the meanings Interpreta-

hereby respectively assigned to them— tion*

" appointed day" means such day as the Secretary of State, after consultation with the Welsh Commissioners and the representative body, may by order appoint;

" representative body" means the representative body established under subsection (2) of section thirteen of the principal Act.

6. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Welsh Church (Burial Short title. Grounds) Act, 1945, and this Act and the Welsh Church Acts, citation and 1914 to 1938, may be cited together as the Welsh Church Acts, repeal*

1914 to 1945.

(2) Paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section eight of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend the law relating to contributory negligence and for purposes connected therewith.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

I.—(1) Where any person suffers damage as the result partly Apportion-of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or ment of persons, a claim in respect of that damage shall not be defeated liability " by reason of the fault of the person suffering the damage, but the ^tributary damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be reduced to such negligence, extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the claimant’s share in the responsibility for the damage:

I

222 Ch. 28. Law Reform 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Contributory Negligence) Act, 1945.

Provided that—

(a) this subsection shall not operate to defeat any defence

arising under a contract;

(b) where any contract or enactment providing for the limitation of liability is applicable to the claim, the amount of damages recoverable by the claimant by virtue of this subsection shall not exceed the maximum limit so applicable.

(2) Where damages are recoverable by any person by virtue of the foregoing subsection subject to such reduction as is therein mentioned, the court shall find and record the total damages which would have been recoverable if the claimant had not been at fault.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. (3) Section six of the Law Reform (Married Women and

c- 3°- Tortfeasors) Act, 1935 (which relates to proceedings against,

and contribution between, joint and several tortfeasors), shall apply in any case where two or more persons are liable or would, if they had all been sued, be liable by virtue of subsection (1) of this section in respect of the damage suffered by any person.

(4) Where any person dies as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons, and accordingly if an action were brought for the benefit of the estate

24 & 25 Geo. 5. under the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934, the c. 41 damages recoverable would be reduced under subsection (1) of

this section, any damages recoverable in an action brought for the benefit of the dependants of that person under the Fatal Accidents Acts, 1846 to 1908, shall be reduced to a proportionate extent.

(5) Where, in any case to which subsection (1) of this section applies, one of the persons at fault avoids liability to any other such person or his personal representative by pleading the

2 & 3 Geo. 6. Limitation Act, 1939, or any other enactment limiting the time c. 21. within which proceedings may be taken, he shall not be entitled

to recover any damages or contributions from that other person or representative by virtue of the said subsection. 6 7

(6) Where any case to which subsection (1) of this section applies is tried with a jury, the jury shall determine the total damages which would have been recoverable if the claimant had not been at fault and the extent to which those damages are to be reduced.

(7) Article 21 of the Convention contained in the First Schedule

22 A 23 Geo. 5. to the Carriage by Air Act, 1932 (which empowers a court to c. 36. exonerate wholly or partly a carrier who proves that the damage

was caused by or contributed to by the negligence of the injured person),shall have effect subject to the provisions of this section.

1945*

Law Reform

(Contributory Negligence) Act, 1945.

Ch. 28.

223

2.—(1) Where, within the time limited for the taking of pro- Provisions as ceedings under the Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1925 to 1943,to workmen an action is brought to recover damages independently of the emPloyers-said Acts in respect of an injury or disease giving rise to a claim for compensation under the said Acts, and it. is determined in that action that—

(a) damages are recoverable independently of the said Acts

subject to such reduction as is mentioned in subsection (1) of the foregoing section of this Act; and

(b) the employer would have been liable to pay compensation

under the Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1925 to 1943;

subsection (2) of section twenty-nine of the Workmen's Compensation Act, 1925, (which enables the court, on the dismissal of an 15 & 16 Geo. 5. action to recover damages independently of the said Acts, to assess c* 84* and award compensation under the said Acts) shall apply in all respects as if the action had been dismissed, and, if the claimant chooses to have compensation assessed and awarded in accordance with the said subsection (2), no damages shall be recoverable in the said action.

This subsection shall apply, with the necessary adaptations, in any case where compensation is recoverable under a scheme certified or made under the Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1925 to 1943, or under the Workmen’s Compensation and Benefit (Byssinosis) Act, 1940, if the scheme applies section twenty-nine of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, or contains any provision similar to that section.

(2) Where a workman or his personal representative or dependant has recovered compensation under the Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1925 to 1943, or under any scheme certified under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, in respect of an injury caused under circumstances which would give a right to recover reduced damages in respect thereof by virtue of section one of this Act from some person other than the employer (hereinafter referred to as " the third party "), any right conferred by section thirty of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, on the person by whom the compensation was paid, or on any person called on to pay an indemnity under section six of that Act, to be indemnified by the third party shall be limited to a right to be indemnified in respect of such part only of the sum paid or payable by the said person as bears to the total sum so paid or payable the same proportion as the said reduced damages bear to the total damages which would have been recoverable if the workman had not been at fault.

3.—(1) This Act shall not apply to any claim to which section Saving for one of the Maritime Conventions Act, 1911, applies and that Act Maritime shall have effect as if this Act had not passed. ActJiSn^d

past cases.

224

Ch. 28.

Law Reform 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Contributory Negligence) A, 1945.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 57.

Interpretation.

Application to Scotland.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 42.

(2) This Act shall not apply to any case where the acts or omissions giving rise to the claim occurred before the passing of this Act.

4. The following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" court'* means, in relation to any claim, the court or arbitrator by or before whom the claim falls to be determined;

" damage includes loss of life and personal injury;

" dependant" means any person for whose benefit an action could be brought under the Fatal Accidents Acts, 1846 to 1908;

" employer " and " workman " have the same meaning as in the Workmen's Compensation Act, 1925, as amended by any subsequent enactment;

" fault" means negligence, breach of statutory duty or other act or omission which gives rise to a liability in tort or would, apart from this Act, give rise to the defence of contributory negligence;

5. In the application of this Act to Scotland—

(a) the expression " dependant '' means, in relation to any

person, any person who would in the event of such first mentioned person’s death through the fault of a third party be entitled to sue that third party for damages or solatium; and the expression " fault" means wrongful act, breach of statutory duty or negligent act or omission which gives rise to liability in damages, or would apart from this Act, give rise to the defence of contributory negligence;

(b) for any reference to section six of the Law Reform (Married Women and Tortfeasors) Act, 1935, there shall be substituted a reference to section three of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1940 (which relates to contribution among joint wrongdoers);

(c) for subsection (4) of section one the following subsection shall be substituted—

(4) Where any person dies as the result partly of his own fault and partly of the fault of any other person or persons, a claim by any dependant of the first mentioned person for damages or solatium in respect of that person's death shall not be defeated by reason of his fault, but the damages or solatium recoverable shall be reduced to such extent as the court thinks just and equitable having regard to the share of the said person in the responsibility for his death.

1945* La Reform Ch. 28, 29. 225

{Contributory Negligence) Act, 1945.

6. —(1) If the Parliament of Northern Ireland pass an Act Provisions as similar to the provisions of this Act, Article 21 of the Convention *° Northern contained in the First Schedule to the Carriage by Air Act, 1932, Ireland* shall have effect as respects courts in Northern Ireland, subject

to the provisions of the said Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

(2) This Act, except the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

7. This Act may be cited as the Law Reform (Contributory Short title

Negligence) Act, 1945. "" extent-

CHAPTER 29.

Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) (Scotland) Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Application for adjustment of debtor's affairs.

2. Proceedings in applications for adjustment.

3. Provisions of schemes.

4. Provisions as to ranking and secured debts.

5. Protection and vesting orders.

6. Power to compromise claims.

7. Court to have powers under Moneylenders Act.

8. Application to property and businesses held on trust.

9. Revocation and amendment of arrangements and adjustment

schemes.

10. Adjustment proceedings in relation to estates of deceased debtors.

11. Provisions as to partnerships.

12. Provisions as to companies.

13. Appointment and remunerati6n of trustees.

14. Approval of voluntary trust deed.

15. Offences.

16. Provisions as to courts.

17. Powers under 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 113 to be exercisable in regard to’

debtors to whom section 1 of this Act applies.

18. Savings.

19. Exemption from stamp duties and court dues.

20. Application to the Crown.

21. Extent.

22. Rules.

23. Interpretation.

24. Short title and duration.

An Act to provide for the arrangement or the adjustment and settlement of the affairs of persons in Scotland financially affected by war circumstances.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

P

226 Ch. 29. Liabilities (War-Time ) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Scotland) Act, 1945.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Application for adjustment of debtor's affairs.

1.—(1) An application may be made to the court for the adjustment and settlement under this Act of the affairs of any person on the ground that, owing to war circumstances—

(a) he is unable to. pay his debts or will be unable, after pay-

ment of his debts (if any), to meet as they fall due any future liabilities in respect of obligations already incurred; or

(b) he is in such a position that if he were required to pay his

debts and to meet, as they fall due, any such future liabilities as aforesaid, he would not have sufficient resources to enable him to preserve or recover his business, or former means of livelihood or otherwise to make reasonable provision for the future maintenance of himself and his family.

(2) An application under this section may be made—

(a) by the debtor; or

(b) in a case where the debtor has been granted and is still

2 & 3 Geo. 6, enjoying relief under section one of the Courts (Emer-

c. 113* gency Powers) (Scotland) Act, 1939, as amended by

7 & 8 Geo. 6. section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) (Scotland)

c* ‘ Act, 1944, by the debtor or by any creditor who has a

debt which would be a provable debt.

(3) An application under this section by the debtor shall include a statement of the grounds on which he claims to be entitled to the benefit of this Act, and shall be accompanied by a state of his affairs, specifying his whole property wherever situated, the property in expectancy or to which he may have an eventual right, the names and designations of his creditors and debtors and the debts due by or to him, and a rental of hjs heritable property.

Proceedings in 2.—(1) On any application to the court under this Act, the

applications COurt may remit to a person (hereinafter referred to as a trustee) adjustment, selected by the court from the panel appointed for the purpose by the Secretary of State for a report—

(a) whether the debtor is a person to whom, owing to war

circumstances, paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act applies; and

(b) whether and in what manner having regard to the cir-

cumstances of the debtor generally and in particular to the existence of any debts precluding him from continuing, commencing or recommencing business, the case ought to be dealt with under this Act.

1945- Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Ch. 29.

(Scotland) Act, 1945.

(2) On a remit under the last foregoing subsection—

(a) yie trustee, if he is of opinion that the debtor is not such

a person as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection or that the case ought not to be dealt with under this Act, shall report to that effect to the court;

(b) the trustee, if he is of opinion that the debtor is such a

person as aforesaid and that the case ought to be dealt with under this Act,

(i) shall, in the first place, try to secure, by negotiation with the debtor and the creditors, the assent of all the parties to an arrangement for the settlement of the debtor’s affairs, and if such assent is obtained, shall report the arrangement to the court;

(ii) shall, if no such assent is obtained, prepare a scheme (hereinafter referred to as an adjustment scheme) for the adjustment and settlement of the debtor’s affairs under this Act and report the same to the court.

(3) Where the trustee reports an arrangement to the court under sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection, the court, if satisfied that the debtor is such a person as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, that the case ought to be dealt with under this Act, and that the assent of all the parties has been obtained to the arrangement, may, after giving any person appearing to the court to be interested an opportunity of being heard, approve the arrangement, and thereupon it shall be binding on the debtor and on all the creditors whose assent has been so obtained.

(4) Where the trustee reports to the court to the effect mentioned in paragraph (a) or sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of this section, the court shall take such report into consideration, together with any adjustment scheme submitted with such report, and may, after giving any person appearing to it to be interested an opportunity of being heard, make such of the following orders as it shall think appropriate in the circumstances—

(a) an order approving with or without modifications the

adjustment scheme submitted by the trustee;

(b) an order disapproving the adjustment scheme submitted

by the trustee and remitting to the same or another

trustee to prepare a new adjustment scheme;

(c) an order dismissing the application;

(d) an order remitting to the same or another trustee to

prepare an adjustment scheme.

228

Ch. 29.

Provisions of schemes.

I

Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Scotland), Act, 1945.

(5) Where the court approves an adjustment scheme, the scheme shall be binding on the debtor and on all the creditors to whom the proceedings were intimated and where tlfe debtor has paid in full or to the extent specified in the scheme the debts of such creditors and the expenses of the proceedings (so far as payable by him) and has fulfilled any other obligation imposed on him by the scheme, the court may, on his application, make an order discharging him and such order shall operate as a complete discharge of all such debts.

3.—(1) An adjustment scheme may, for the purpose of the payment in accordance with the scheme, of the debts proved in the proceedings, provide for the realisation in whole or in part of the debtor’s property existing at the commencement of the proceedings, or becoming available at any time before his discharge, and for the distribution of the proceeds thereof and of any other sums available for distribution, including such sums as the debtor may be required to pay out of his future income, and may provide that such distribution shall be subject to the supervision of the court.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing subsection, an adjustment scheme may contain provision for all or any of the following matters—

(a) for securing the maintenance of the debtor and his family;

(b) for excepting from the property to be realised any

premises which are used, or would, but for war circumstances be used, as the home of the debtor, and any of the contents thereof;

(c) for the composition of debts, the granting of security

over any property of the debtor in favour of the creditors, and the management or disposal of the debtor’s business;

(d) in a case where the debtor carries on business or intends, when circumstances permit, to resume the carrying on of a business suspended owing to war circumstances—

(i) for excepting from the property to be realised, the business, any premises used for the business, and other property required for the purposes of the business;

(ii) for the carrying on of the business under the supervision of the trustee;

(e) for postponing the payment of the debts or any of them for such period as the court thinks fit;

(f) for postponing the realisation for such period as the court thinks fit of property which it would be unreasonable to realise immediately owing to its temporary depreciation in value or for any other sufficient cause;

1945- Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Ch. 29. 229

(Scotland) Act, 1945.

(g) for the modification or termination subject to such conditions, including the payment of damages, as the court thinks fit, of any contract to which the debtor is a party

(A) for the reduction of any rent, due or to become due by the debtor, so, however, that such rent in respect of any period shall not be reduced below the lettable value for that period of the subjects for which such rent is payable.

(3) Where in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection an adjustment scheme modifies or terminates any contract, the liability of any other person under or in relation to that contract whether as a person jointly bound with the debtor or as a cautioner may be modified or terminated, and save as aforesaid the approval of an adjustment scheme shall not affect the liabilities of any person who is cautioner for, or is jointly bound with, the debtor nor shall a discharge under such scheme release any such person from those liabilities.

(4) Where the debtor is in possession of any goods let under a hire purchase agreement and any part of the price remains unpaid, provision may be made in an adjustment scheme for the vesting of the goods in the debtor either immediately or after the payment of such further instalments as may be specified in the scheme, and where such provision is made, the owner shall be entitled to prove for the balance of the price less any sums required to be paid as aforesaid, but shall not have any other remedy against the debtor or the goods :

Provided no such provision shall be so included unless the sums paid by the debtor in respect of the price amount at least to the value of the goods at the date of the adjustment scheme.

4.—(1) For the purpose of the distribution in pursuance of Provisions as an adjustment scheme of any sums available for the satisfaction to ranking of the proved debts of the debtor, all those debts shall rank ^n£tecured equally among themselves. e 2 (б) *

(2) *A creditor holding a security for his debt over any part

of the debtor’s property—

(a) may, save as otherwise provided in the scheme, exercise

any power vested in him to realise his security and if the sum realised is less than the sum secured, may prove iq the adjustment proceedings for the difference; or

(b) may surrender his security and prove for the whole

amount secured; or

(c) may cause his security to be valued, and if the value is less than the amount secured, may prove for the difference.

230

Protection and vesting orders.

Power to

compromise

claims.

Court to have powers under Moneylenders Act.

63 & 64 Vict, c. 51.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 21.

Application to property and businesses held on trust.

Ch. 29. Liabilities (War-Time ) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Scotland) Act, 1945.

5. The court before which any adjustment proceedings are pending, if it shall deem it expedient to do so, may at any stage make either or both of the following orders—

(a) an order (hereinafter referred to as a protection order) prohibiting, except with the leave of the court (which may be given subject to such restrictions and conditions as the court thinks fit), the bringing of, or insisting in, any civil proceedings or diligence against the debtor or his property in respect of any provable debt, or the exercise of any such right or remedy as is mentioned in subsection (2) of section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) (Scotland) Act, 1939;

(ft) an order (hereinafter referred to as a vesting order) vesting the debtor’s whole property and assets in a trustee, which order shall have the like effect as the act and warrant of confirmation of a trustee in a sequestration.

6. The court before which any adjustment proceedings are pending may approve any compromise or arrangement whether made by the debtor or by the trustee with respect to any claim capable of resulting in a provable debt or any claim affecting any property of the debtor, but no such compromise or arrangement made while the adjustment scheme is in force regarding such claim or property shall be valid without the approval of the court.

7. Where any person whose affairs are the subject of adjustment proceedings has borrowed money from a moneylender, the court may exercise in those proceedings all the powers under section one of the Moneylenders Act, 1900, as extended by section ten and subsection (2) of section thirteen of the Moneylenders Act, 1927, which are exercisable in proceedings for the recovery of money lent by a moneylender, and the powers may be exercised at the instance either of the debtor or of the trustee, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary and notwithstanding that the time for repayment of the money or any part thereof has not arrived. 8

8. —(1) Where a business is carried on or any property is held in trust for the benefit of any person (hereafter in this section referred to as " the beneficiary "), and the beneficiary is wholly or mainly dependent on the income derived from the business or property, and the court is satisfied that, if the business or property belonged to the beneficiary and he was liable for the debts arising in respect thereof, adjustment proceedings could be brought by him, the court may, subject to such conditions as it thinks fit to impose, allow such proceedings to be brought, on the joint application of the beneficiary and the trustees, for the adjustment and settlement of the affairs of the beneficiary and of the trust.

I945* Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Ch. 29. 231

(Scotland) Act, 1945.

(2) Where adjustment proceedings are brought by virtue of this section—

(a) any protection order made in those proceedings shall . extend to proceedings, diligence, rights and remedies

against the trust property or against the trustees in respect of liabilities incurred in their capacity as such, as well as to proceedings, diligence, rights and remedies against the beneficiary or his property;

(b) the powers of the court shall be exercisable in relation to

any property held, business carried on, or liabilities incurred, by the trustees in their capacities as such, as well as in relation to any property, business or liabilities of the beneficiary;

(c) references in this Act to the debtor shall be construed as

references to the beneficiary or to the trustees, according as the court may direct.

9. The court may, on the application of any creditor or of the Revocation debtor, revoke or vary any arrangement for the settlement of the and amend-debtor’s affairs, and may, on the application of any creditor or of ment of the trustee under an adjustment scheme, revoke or vary the scheme, and may direct that any variation of any contract made ment schemes, in pursuance of the scheme shall be deemed never to have had effect or to have ceased to have had effect at such date prior to the revocation or variation of the scheme as the court may specify, and may direct that any such contract shall have effect subject to such consequential modifications as the court may think necessary.

10.—-(1) Where any debtor, in whose case adjustment proceed- Adjustment ings have been commenced, dies before the conclusion of the proceedings proceedings, the court may continue the proceedings in relation to the estate of the debtor, if it is satisfied that the persons most deceased likely to benefit thereby are wholly or mainly members of the debtors, debtor’s family.

(2) Where the court continues any adjustment proceedings in relation to the estate of a deceased debtor, this Act and any protection or vesting order or adjustment scheme already made with respect to that debtor shall have effect as if for the references to the debtor there were substituted, where the context requires, references to his personal representative or to the members of the debtor’s family for whose benefit the proceedings are being continued, and as if for the references to the debtor’s property there were substituted references to his estate, and with such other adaptations and modifications as may be necessary, and the court may give such directions with respect to the exercise of the rights and powers of the personal representative (including any powers to sell any property comprised in the estate) as may be necessary

232

Ch. 29. Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Scotland) , 1945.

for the purpose of giving effect to the adjustment scheme, and, in particular, may postpone the vesting or conveyance, or the distribution, of any part of the estate until the end of the adjustment proceedings.

(3) Where the court does not continue any such adjustment proceedings in relation to the estate of a deceased debtor, it shall revoke any protection or vesting order and adjustment scheme made with respect to him and may direct that any variation of any contract made under this Act shall be deemed never to have had effect or to have ceased to have effect at such date prior to the revocation as it may specify and may direct that any such contract shall have effect subject to such consequential modifications as the court thinks necessary, and may give such directions with respect to anything done under the order as it thinks necessary.

(4) Where the court is satisfied in the case of a deceased person, that his affairs could, but for his death, have been made the subject of adjustment proceedings, the court may allow such proceedings to be brought in relation to the estate of the deceased person and subsection (2) of this section shall apply, with any necessary modifications, to proceedings brought under this subsection.

Provisions as «11.—(i) Where the debtor is carrying on business in partner-

to partner- ship with others, and no application is made under subsection

ship8* (5) of this section in respect of the firm, the court may, if it con-

siders that it is in the interest of the debtor and the creditors to do so, allow the debtor to remain a partner in the business, and exclude from the property to be realised under the adjustment scheme any of the debtor’s property which in the opinion of the court is required for the purposes of the business; and in that case the liabilities of the firm and any liabilities of the debtor arising out of the contract of partnership shall not be provable debts and the court shall, in settling the terms of the adjustment scheme, have regard to the requirements of the debtor as a member of the firm.

(2) The powers of the court under the last foregoing subsection shall be subject to any term of the contract of partnership providing for the dissolution thereof or the vesting of the debtor’s share in the other partners, but nothing done or suffered by the debtor under, or for the purpose of taking advantage of, any provision of this Act shall be a ground for an application to any court for dissolution of the partnership.

(3) If, in any case to which subsection (1) of this section applies, the court does not exercise its powers under that subsection, and the contract of partnership does not provide for the dissolution of the partnership or the vesting of the debtor’s share in the other partners, the court shall provide in the adjustment scheme for the dissolution and winding up of the partnership or for the vesting

1945- Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Ch. 29.

(Scotland) Act, 1945.

of the debtor's share in the other partners, on such terms as seem just, and may give such directions as it considers necessary or expedient for that purpose.

(4) Whether or not the partnership is dissolved, the court may give to the debtor such directions as it thinks fit as to the exercise of his rights under the contract of partnership, or may appoint any person to exercise those rights on his behalf :

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall authorise any interference with the conduct of the partnership business or be taken as affecting the terms of the contract of partnership.

(5) Where any persons are carrying on business in partnership and—

(a) both the firm and'all the partners are unable to pay then-

debts or will be unable, after payment of their debts (if any), to meet, as they fall due, any future liabilities in respect of obligations already incurred, or are in such a position that, if they were required to pay their debts and to meet any such future liabilities as they fell due, they would not have sufficient resources to enable them to preserve or recover the business of the firm, or in the case of the partners, to make reasonable provision for the future maintenance of themselves and their families; and

(b) the position of the firm is due to war circumstances;

an application may be made for the adjustment and settlement of the affairs of the firm under this Act, and any such application shall be taken as an application for the making of a separate adjustment scheme in relation to the firm and to each partner therein, and the references in section one of this Act to the debtor shall be construed as references to the firm or any of the partners, and references in that section and in section nine of this Act to creditors shall be construed as including references to creditors of t,he firm or of any of the partners.

(6) Where the coiul does not exercise, in relation to a firm, its powers under this Act for the purpose of enabling the business of the firm to be carried on or resumed, it shall provide in the adjustment scheme for the dissolution and winding up of the partnership, and may give such directions as it considers necessary or expedient for that purpose. 7

(7) If on an application in respect of a firm it appears to the court that an adjustment scheme cannot or ought not to be made in relation to any partner, and that it is in the interest of the other partners that an order should be made in respect of the firm, the court may order that the share of that partner in the firm shall vest in the other partners on such terms as seem just, and this

234

Ch. 29.

Provisions as to companies. 19 & 20 Geo. 5* c. 23.

Appointment and remuneration of trustees.

Approval of voluntary trust deed.

Liabilities ( War-Time Adjustment) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Scotland) Act, 1945.

section shall have effect accordingly, and, if there is only one other partner, the application shall be treated as an application in respect of that other partner in his own name.

12. —(1) The provisions of this Act shall apply, subject to the provisions of this section, to private companies within the meaning of the Companies Act, 1929, but shall not apply to any other body corporate.

(2) An application shall not be made by a company for the adjustment and settlement of the company's affairs under this Act unless a special resolution within the meaning of the Companies Act, 1929, has been passed by the company resolving that the application be made.

(3) No such application as aforesaid shall be entertained unless the court is satisfied that the* principal object of the company is to carry on a business for profit, and that the object of the application is to enable the company to carry on or recover that business; and the court shall, in considering whether it is practicable and proper to deal with the affairs of a company under this Act, have regard to the constitution and history of the company and the means of the members and officers thereof.

(4) An adjustment scheme made in the case of the company may, in addition to any of the other matters mentioned in this Act, provide for the making of calls upon the contributories of the company.

(5) In relation to a company, this Act shall have effect as if any reference to a petition for sequestration were a reference to a winding-up petition.

(6) No adjustment scheme for the adjustment and settlement of a company’s affairs shall be approved under this Act unless the company have assented to the scheme by a special resolution.

13. —(1) The Secretary of State shall appoint for each area a panel of persons from among whom any trustee to whom a remit is made under section two of this Act in that area shall be selected. The same person may be appointed to the panels for two or mpre areas.

(2) There shall be paid to any such trustee such remuneration and expenses as the Treasury may determine and such remuneration and expenses shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(3) In this section the expression " area" means a sheriffdom or any part of a sheriffdom for which in the opinion of the Secretary of State there ought to be a separate panel.

14. Where, on an application made for the purpose by any person, the court is satisfied that the provisions of paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act are, owing to war circumstances, applicable to such person and that

1945- Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Ch. 29. 235

(Scotland) Act, 1945.

he has executed a voluntary trust deed for behoof of his creditors to which a majority in number and three fourths in value of the creditors have acceded, the court may, if it is of opinion that the trust deed is fair and equitable, approve the deed, and the deed shall thereupon be as binding on aU the creditors as if they had acceded thereto.

15. If any person— Offences.

(a) knowingly makes any false statement for the purpose

of any application to the court under this Act; or

(b) after the approval of an adjustment scheme or the

making of a protection or vesting order in relation to any debtor, fraudulently conceals, receives or disposes of any part of theydebtor's property;

he shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

16. —(1) The jurisdiction conferred on the court under this Act Provisions as shall be exercisable in relation to any debtor by the sheriff to courts, court within whose jurisdiction the debtor ordinarily resides

or carries on business, or, where the debtor is a company, by any court which would have jurisdiction to wind up the company.

(2) An application to the court under this Act shall be deemed not to be a summary application within the meaning of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Acts, 1907 and 1913.

17. —(1) Where application is made under subsection (1) or Powers under

subsection (2) of section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) 2 3 Geo. 6.

(Scotland) Act, 1939 for leave to enforce any decree or exercise ^erdsable6 any right or remedy against any person, the court to which such in regard to application is made, if it is satisfied that an application to any debtors to court under this Act relating to such person is pending, shall whom refuse such leave and, if it is of opinion that the provisions of 1 of

paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section one applies4

of this Act are, owing to war circumstances, applicable to such pp

person, may refuse such leave or give it subject to such

restrictions and conditions as it thinks fit.

(2) Where a petition for a sequestration has been presented against any debtor or a winding-up petition has been presented against any company on the ground that it is unable to pay its debts, the court before which such petition depends may, if an application to the court relating to such person or company under this Act is pending or if in the opinion of the court, the provisions of paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of that subsection are, owing to war circumstances applicable to such person or company, dismiss the petition or sist the proceedings thereon for such time and subject to such conditions as the court thinks fit.

236

Ch. 29.

Savings.

Exemption from stamp duties and court dues.

Application to the Crown.

' Extent.

Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Scotland) Act, 1945.

18. Nothing done or suffered by any person under, or for the purpose of taking advantage of any provisions, of this Act shall be deemed to constitute notour bankruptcy or insolvency or shall disqualify any person from any office for which he would be disqualified under any enactment (including an enactment in a local Act) by bankruptcy or insolvency.

19. —(1) Where a protection or vesting .order is made, or an adjustment scheme is approved, under this Act—

(a) every deed, conveyance, assignation or other instrument relating solely to property which was the property of the debtor at the date of the protection order or of the approval of the scheme and which, after the execution of the instrument, is or remains his property or the property of a trustee appointed under the order or for the purposes of the scheme;

(b) every writ, order, certificate, affidavit, bond or other

instrument required for the purposes of the liabilities adjustment proceedings;

shall be exempt from stamp duties.

(2) No court fees or dues shall be chargeable in respect of any proceedings under this Act.

20. This Act shall, subject to any exceptions or modifications provided for therein, apply in relation to debts and liabilities due to or incurred towards the Crown, property in which the Crown has an interest, and contracts entered into with the Crown, proceedings by the Crown, and the exercise of remedies by the Crown, in like manner as in the case of subjects.

21. —(1) This Act shall apply only in a case where, at the date of any application to the court thereunder, the debtor—

(a) if an individual, ordinarily resides in Scotland, or carries

on business in Scotland, or is a member of a firm which carries on business in Scotland; or

(b) if a firm or a company, carries on business in Scotland.

For the purposes of this subsection—

(i) where the principal place of business of the debtor is in

England or Northern Ireland, the debtor shall not be deemed to be carrying on business in Scotland;

(ii) any debtor who, by reason only of war circumstances, ceased ordinarily to reside in Scotland before the said date, or suspended the carrying on of a business previously carried on in Scotland, shall be deemed still ordinarily to reside, or, as the case may be, to cany on business, in Scotland at the said date.

1945- Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Ch. 29. 237

(Scotland) Act, 1945.

(2) This Act shall apply to any property of a debtor, whether situated in Scotland or elsewhere, and to any contracts, debts and liabilities of a debtor, whether made or incurred in Scotland or elsewhere:

Provided that the provisions of this Act regarding the .variation of contracts relating to heritable property shall be exercised only in relation to property in Scotland and to contracts governed by the law of Scotland.

(3) A protection or vesting order, adjustment scheme and order of discharge made under this Act, and anything done in pursuance of any such scheme or order, shall be as valid and effective in England, Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man as it is in Scotland.

22. The Secretary of State may make rules with regard to the Rules, performance by trustees of their functions under this Act.

23. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,— Interpretation

" adjustment proceedings" means proceedings on an application to the court under this Act;

" business " includes trade or profession, and also includes, as the context may require, the goodwill acquired by a person in a trade or profession;

" the court" means a court exercising jurisdiction in pro1-ceedings under this Act;

" the debtor " means, in relation to any adjustment proceedings, the person to whose affairs the proceedings relate;

" hire purchase agreement" means a contract to which the

Hire Purchase and Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1932, 22 & 23 Geo. 5 applies or would apply if the limitation as to value c. 38. contained in section one of that Act were omitted;

" lettable value " means, in relation to any premises occupied by a debtor and to any period, the rent at which, in the opinion of the court, the premises might reasonably be expected to let or, as the case may be, might reasonably have been expected to let during that period on the same terms and conditions (other than the period of the lease) as those on which the debtor is holding the premises;

" provable debt " means, for the purpose of any adjustment proceedings, any debt or liability of the debtor which would entitle the creditor to vote in a sequestration of the debtor's estate awarded at the date of the commencement of the proceedings;

" war circumstances" means circumstances directly or indirectly attributable to any war in which His Majesty may be engaged.

238 Ch. 29, 30. Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Scotland) Act, 1945.

Short title 24.—(1) This .Act may be cited as the Liabilitfes (War-Time

and duration. Adjustment) (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(2) This Act shall expire one year after the date when the Courts (Emergency Powers) (Scotland) Acts, 1939 and 1944 cease to be in force :

Provided that this Act shall remain in force in relation to any adjustment proceedings commenced or any adjustment scheme approved before the expiry of this said year.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to make temporary provision for the government of Burma.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Extension and amendment of Proclamation under s. 139 of the

Government of Burma Act, 1935.

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw. 8. c. 3.

1.—(i) Notwithstanding anything in the proviso to subsection (3) of section one hundred and thirty-nine of the Government of Burma Act, 1935, the Proclamation under that section made on the tenth day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-two, and any Proclamation made after the passing of this Act varying that Proclamation shall not cease to be in force by reason only that it has been in force for three years, and any such Proclamation which would, but for this subsection, cease to be in force for that reason shall, if the resolutions in that 2

behalf required by the said proviso are from time to time passed by both Houses of Parliament, continue in force, unless revoked, until the ninth day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-eight.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this subsection, a Proclamation under the said section one hundred and thirty-nine varying the said Proclamation made on the tenth day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-two, may, notwithstanding anything in the said Act, make provision for the constitution of such councils and other bodies or authorities as may be specified in the Proclamation, for associating, in such manner as may be so specified, any such council, body or authority with the Governor in the exercise of his functions and regulating its powers, duties and procedure, and for any matters incidental to any of the matters aforesaid:

Provided that the powers conferred by this subsection shall only be exercisable if His Majesty by Order in Council authorises the exercise thereof and subject to such conditions and restrictions

1945-

Government of Burma (Temporary Provisions) , 1945.

Ch. 30, 31.

239

as may be specified in the* Order, and section one hundred and fifty-seven of the Government of Burma Act, 1935 (which, amongst other things, requires the approval of both Houses of Parliament), shall apply in relation to Orders in Council made under this subsection as it applies in relation to Orders in Council made under that Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Government of Burma (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to make provision for the continuance of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, for periods of less than one year.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. For subsection (1) of section eleven of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939 (in pursuance of which that \ct is limited to expire on the twenty-fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-five, unless at any time while it is in force an Address is presented to His Majesty, by each House of Parliament praying that it should be continued in force for a further period of one year from the time at which it would otherwise expire) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" .—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section

this Act shall continue in force until the expiration of the period of six months beginning with the twenty-fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-five, and shall then expire:

Provided that, if at any time while this Act is in force, an Address is presented to His Majesty by each House of ' Parliament praying that this Act should be continued in force for a further period not exceeding one year from the time at which it would otherwise expire, His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that this Act shall continue in force for that further period." 2

2. This Act may be cited as the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1945, and this Act and the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, may be cited together as the Emergency v Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 to 1945.

Short title.

Duration of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

Short title and citation.

Ch. 32.

Income

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

CHAPTER 32.

Income Tax Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I

Industrial Buildings and Structures, etc.

Section.

1. Initial allowances.

2. Annual allowances.

3. Balancing allowances and balancing charges.

4. Writing off of expenditure and meaning of " residue of expenditure."

5. Buildings and structures bought unused.

6. Manner of making allowances and charges.

7. Cessation of mills, factories allowances.

8. Definition of " industrial building or structure."

9. Sports pavilions.

10. Meaning of the relevant interest."

11. Temporary disuse of industrial buildings or structures.

12. Requisitioned land, holding over of leased land, and other special

cases.

13. Exclusion of double allowances, etc.

14. Interpretation of Part I.

Part II

0 Machinery and Plant

15. Initial allowances.

16. Amendment of allowances under Rule 6 of Rules applicable to

Cases I and II of Schedule D.

17. Balancing allowances and balancing charges.

18. Replacement of machinery or plant.

19. Meaning of " expenditure unallowed."

20. Application to lessors.

21. Expenditure on alterations to buildings in connection with installa-

tion of machinery or plant.

22. Manner of making allowances and charges.

23. Application to professions, etc., and profits received from occupation

of land.

24. Exclusion of double allowances.

Part III Mines, Oil Wells, etc.

25. Expenditure to which Part III applies.

26. Initial allowances.

27. Annual allowances.

28. Sale of source or part of source as going concern.

29. Application to expenditure incurred by persons not engaged in the

trade of mining, etc.

30. Regulations.

31. Manner of making allowances and charges.

Part IV

Agricultural Land and Buildings

32. Amendment as to relief in respect of maintenance, etc., un£er Rule 8

of No. V of Schedule A.

33. New allowances for certain capital expenditure.

34. Interpretation of Part IV.

1945- Income Tax Ch. 32.

Act, 1945.

Part V Patents

Section.

35. Annual allowances for capital expenditure on purchase of patent

rights.

36. Effect of lapse of patent rights, sales, etc.

37. Charges on capital sums received for sale of patent rights.

38. Patent rights sold before appointed day.

39. Relief for expenses.

40. Patent income to be earned income in certain cases.

41. Spreading of income payments over several years.

42. When a person is to be treated as a trader.

43. Interpretation of Part V, etp.

Part VI

* Scientific Research

44. Application of s. 27 of Finance Act, 1944, to certain expenditure and

payments incurred or made on or before appointed day.

45. Application of ss. 28 and 29 of Finance Act, 1944, to certain capital

expenditure incurred on or before appointed day.

46. Other amendments of s. 29 of Finance Act, 1944.

47. Scientific research allowances to exclude allowances under this Act.

Part VII

Exceptional Depreciation

48. Extension of right to allowance.

49. Valuation.

50. War damage.

51. Depreciation to be spread evenly.

52. Allowances under Parts I and II to be taken into account.

53. Effect of certain sales by persons entitled to exceptional depreciation

allowances and by successors of such persons.

54. Part VII to be retrospective.

Part VIII

Miscellaneous and General

55. Manner of charging tax and granting allowances in case of traders.

56. Manner of granting, and effect of, allowances made by way of discharge

or repayment of tax.

57. Meaning of " basis period."

58. Apportionment of consideration, and exchanges and surrenders of

leasehold interests.

59. Special provisions as to certain sales.

60. Effect, in certain cases, of successions to trades, etc.

61. Procedure on apportionments, etc.

62. Trade marks and designs.

63. Act not to apply to excess profits tax and the national defence

contribution.

64. Interpretation of certain references to expenditure, etc.

65. Interpretation of certain references to various allowances.

66. Subsidies, etc.

67. Computation of expenditure for purposes of Rule 8 of No. V of

Schedule A.

68. Other provisions as to interpretation.

69. Application to Scotland.

70. Short title and construction.

Q

242

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6-

Initial

allowances.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Application of Part III to expenditure before the appointed day.

Second Schedule—Effect of deaths, windings up and partnership changes on certain charges in respect of patent rights.

Third Schedule—Supplementary provisions as to allowances for contributions towards the expenditure of other persons.

An Act to amend the law relating to income tax in certain respects.

[15 th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Industrial Buildings and Structures, etc.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where, on or after the appointed day, a person incurs capital expenditure on die construction of a building or structure which is to be an industrial building or structure occupied for the purposes of a trade carried on either by him or by such a lessee as is hereinafter mentioned, there shall be made to the person who incurred the expenditure, for the year of assessment hereinafter mentioned, an allowance (in this Part of this Act referred to as " an initial allowance ") equal to one-tenth thereof.

The said lessees are lessees occupying the building or structure on the construction of which the expenditure was incurred under a lease to which the relevant interest, as defined for the purposes of this Part of this Act, is reversionary.

(2) The said year of assessment shall, in the case of a person incurring expenditure, be the year of assessment in his basis period for which the expenditure was incurred:

Provided that where the first use to which the building or structure is put is a use by a person occupying it by virtue of a tenancy to which the relevant interest is reversionary, and the tenancy begins after the incurring of the expenditure, the said year of assessment shall be the year of assessment in which the tenancy begins.

(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall apply in relation to expenditure incurred by a person on or after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-four, but before

1945- Income Tax Ch. 32.

Act, 1945.

the appointed day, as if it had been incurred by him on the appointed day:

Provided that—

(a) the amount by reference to which the initial allowance is to be calculated shall, instead of being the amount of the expenditure, be the amount thereof less the total amount of the relevant mills, factories and exceptional depreciation allowances made for years of assessment before that in which the appointed day falls; and

(b) no initial allowance shall be allowed if—

(i) before the appointed day, the relevant interest in the building or structure is sold or, being a leasehold interest, comes to an end otherwise than on the person entitled thereto acquiring the interest which is reversionary thereon; or

(ii) before the appointed day, the building or structure is demolished or is destroyed; or

(iii) at any time before the appointed day the building or structure is, but on the appointed day the building or structure is not, an industrial building or structure.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this section, no initial allowance shall be made in respect of any expenditure if, when the building or structure comes to be used, it is not an industrial building or structure, and where an initial allowance has been granted in respect of any expenditure otherwise than in accordance with the provisions of this section, all such additional assessments shall be made as are necessary to secure that effect is given to those provisions.

(5) Any expenditure incurred on or after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-four, for the purposes of a trade by a person about to cany it on shall be treated for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this section as if it nad been incurred by that person on the first day on which he does carry it on.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where— Annual

(a) any person is, at the end of his basis period for the allowances* year of assessment in which the appointed day falls

or any subsequent year of assessment, entitled to an interest in a building or structure; and

(b) at the end of the said basis period, the building or structure is an industrial building or structure; and

(c) that interest is the relevant interest in relation to the capital expenditure incurred on the construction of that building or structure,

Q2

243

Part I. -cont.

244

Ch. 32.

Income

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I. an allowance (in this Part of this Act referred to as "an —com. annual allowance ") equal to one-fiftieth of that expenditure shall be made to him for that year of assessment.

(2) Where, at any time on or after the appointed day, the interest in a building or structure which is the relevant interest in relation to any expenditure is sold while the building or structure is an industrial building or structure, the annual allowance in respect of that expenditure shall, in the case of years of assessment the basis periods for which end after the time of that sale,—

(a) be computed by reference to the residue (as defined in the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the writing off of expenditure) of that expenditure immediately after the sale; and

(b) be the fraction of the said residue the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the number of years of assessment comprised in the period which—

(i) begins with the first year of assessment for which the buyer is entitled to an annual allowance in respect of the expenditure or would be so entitled if the building or structure had at all material times continued to be an industrial building or structure; and

(ii) ends with the fiftieth year of assessment after that in which the building or structure was first used,

and so on for any subsequent sales.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, in no case shall the amount of an annual allowance made to a person for any year of assessment in respect of any expenditure exceed what, apart from the writing off falling to be made by reason of the making of that allowance, would be the residue of that expenditure at the end of his basis period for that year of assessment.

Balancing 3.—(1) Where any capital expenditure has been incurred

allowances and on the construction of a building or structure, and, on or after charges1* the appointed day, any of the following events occurs while 8 ' the building or structure is an industrial building or structure, that is to say—

(a) the relevant interest in the building or structure is sold; or

(b) that interest, being an interest depending on the duration of a foreign concession, comes to an end on the coming to an end of that concession; or

1945- Income Tax Ch. 32.

Act, 1945.

(c) that interest, being a leasehold interest, comes to an

end otherwise than on the person entitled thereto acquiring the interest which is reversionary thereon; or

(d) the building or structure is demolished or destroyed, or, without being demolished or destroyed, ceases altogether to be used,

an allowance or charge (in this Part of this Act referred to as " a balancing allowance " or " a balancing charge ") shall, in the circumstances mentioned in this section, be made to, or, as the case may be, on, the person entitled to the relevant interest immediately before that event occurs, for the year of assessment in his basis period for which that event occurs:

Provided that no balancing allowance or balancing charge shall be made to or on any person for any year of assessment by reason of any event occurring after the end of his basis period for the fiftieth year of assessment after that in which the building or structure was first used.

(2) Where there are no sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys, or where the residue of the expenditure immediately before the event exceeds those moneys, a balancing allowance shall be made and the amount thereof shall be the amount of the said residue or, as the case may be, of the excess thereof over the said moneys.

(3) If the sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys exceed the residue, if any, of the expenditure immediately before the event, a balancing charge shall be made and the amount on which it is made shall be an amount equal to the excess, or, where the residue is nil, to the said moneys. 4

(4) If, for any of the relevant years of assessment (as defined for the purposes of this subsection), neither an annual allowance nor a scientific research allowance has been made, the two last preceding subsections shall have effect subject to the modification that the amount of the balancing allowance, or, as the case may be, the amount on winch the balancing charge is to be made, shall be reduced by applying thereto the fraction, the numerator of which is the number of file relevant years of assessment for which an annual allowance or scientific research allowance has been made in respect of the expenditure and the denominator of which is the total number of the relevant years of assessment.

In this subsection, the expression " the relevant years of assessment" means all years of assessment after that m which the building or structure was first used for any purpose up to and including that in which the event takes place which gives rise to the allowance or charge:

24s

Part I. —coni.

246 Ch. 32.

Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Provided that where, before the said event but on or after the appointed day, the building or structure has been sold while an industrial building or structure, the said expression means all years of assessment for which either—

(a) an annual allowance is made by reason of the building or structure being an industrial building or structure at any time between the sale and the event, or, where there has been more than one such sale, between the last such sale and the event; or

(b) an annual allowance would have fallen to be made if the building or structure had been an industrial building or structure at all times between the sale, or, as the case may be, the last such sale, and the event.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, in no case shall the amount on which a balancing charge is made on a person in respect of any expenditure on the construction of a building or structure exceed the amount of the initial allowance, if any, made to him in respect of that expenditure together with the amount of any annual allowances or scientific research allowances in respect of that expenditure, and any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances in respect of that building or structure, made to him for years of assessment his basis periods for which end on or before the date of the event which gives rise to the charge.

Writing 4.—(1) Any expenditure incurred on the construction of

off of any building or structure shall be deemed for the purposes of

expenditure this Part of this Act to be written off to the extent and as at

of ^"residue of ^mes hereafter specified in this section, and references in

expenditure." this Part of this Act to the residue of any such expenditure shall be construed accordingly.

(2) If an initial allowance is made in respect of the expenditure, the amount of that allowance shall be written off as at the time when the building or structure is first used.

(3) If, by reason of the building or structure being at any time an industrial building or structure, an annual allowance is made for any year of assessment in respect of the expenditure, the amount of that allowance shall be written off as at the said time:

Provided that where at the said time an event occurs which gives rise or may give rise to a balancing allowance or balancing charge, the amount directed to be written off by this subsection as at the said time shall be taken into account in computing the residue of that expenditure immediately before that event for the purpose of determining whether any and if so what balancing allowance or balancing charge is to be made.

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

247

(4) If a scientific research allowance is made for any year of assessment in respect of the expenditure, the amount of that allowance shall be written off, in the case of an allowance under section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1944, as at the end of the basis year (as defined in that section) for that year of assessment, and, in the case of an allowance under section twenty-nine of that Act, as at the time when the asset ceases to be used by the person in question for scientific research connected with the trade:

Provided that where, at the time when an amount falls to be written off under this subsection, an event occurs which gives rise or may give rise to a balancing allowance or balancing charge, the amount directed to be written off by this subsection as at that time shall be taken into account in computing the residue of the expenditure immediately before that event for the purpose of determining whether any and if so what balancing allowance or balancing charge is to be made.

(5) If, in the case of any year of assessment after that in which the building or structure is first used, no annual allowance or scientific research allowance falls to be made to any person in respect of the expenditure, then, subject to the provisions of this and the next succeeding subsection, an amount equal to one-fiftieth of the expenditure shall be written off as at the end of the previous year of assessment:

Provided that—

(a) in the case of the year of assessment in which the appointed day falls or any subsequent year of assessment, this subsection shall not apply for any purpose if the building or structure was an industrial building or structure on the day preceding the beginning of the year of assessment; and

(b) where this subsection does apply in the case of the year of assessment in which the appointed day falls or any subsequent year of assessment, the amount to be written off shall, if the building or structure has been sold on or after the appointed day while an industrial building or structure, be the amount which would have fallen to be written off if—

(i) the building or structure had been an industrial building or structure in use on the said preceding day for the purposes of a trade carried on by a

Eerson entitled to the relevant interest in the uilding or structure; and (ii) the basis period of that person for the year of assessment had ended on the said preceding day; and

Part I. —cont.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 23.

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(iii) an annual allowance had been made to him for the year of assessment accordingly.

(6) If any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances are made in respect of the building or structure for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day falls, and either—

(a) no amount falls to be written off under the last preceding subsection as at any date before die beginning of the year of assessment in which the appointed day falls; or

(b) the total amounts falling to be written off thereunder as at dates before the beginning of the year in which the appointed day falls are less than the total relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances for years of assessment before that year,

an amount equal to the total relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances or, as the case may be, to that total amount less the total amounts falling to be written off as aforesaid, shall be written off as at the end of the year of assessment immediately preceding that in which the appointed day falls.

(7) If, on the occasion of a sale, a balancing allowance is made in respect of the expenditure, there shall be written off as at die time of the sale the amount by which the residue of the expenditure before the sale exceeds the net proceeds of the sale.

(8) If, on the occasion of a sale, a balancing charge is made in respect of the expenditure, the residue of the expenditure shall be deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act to be increased as at the time of the sale by the amount on which the charge is made.

(9) Where the Crown is at any time entitied to the relevant interest in a building or structure, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as if all such annual allowances, balancing allowances, mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances and balancing charges had been made as could have been made if—

(a) a person other than the Crown had been entitied to the relevant interest; and

(b) all things which, while the Crown is entitied to the relevant interest, have been done in relation to the building or structure by or to the Crown or by or to any person using the building or structure under the authority of the Crown, had been done by or to that other person, for the purposes of and in the course of a trade carried on by nim; and

E945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

249

(c) any sale or other disposition by or on behalf of the Part I.

Crown of the relevant interest in the building —cont.

or structure had been made in connection with the termination of that trade; and

(d) the basis periods of that other person in respect of that trade had, in the case of each year of assessment, ended immediately before the beginning of the year of assessment.

5.—(1) Where expenditure is incurred on the construction Buildings of a building or structure and, before that building or struc- structures ture is used, the relevant interest therein is sold— unused

(a) the expenditure actually incurred on the construction thereof shall be left out of account for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act; but

(b) the person who buys that interest shall be deemed for those purposes to have incurred, on the date when the purchase price becomes payable, expenditure on the construction thereof equal to the said expenditure or to the net price paid by him for the said interest, whichever is the less:

Provided that, where the relevant interest in the building or structure is sold more than once before the building or structure is used, the provisions of paragraph (6) of this section shall have effect only in relation to the last of those sales.

(2) Where the expenditure incurred on the construction of a building or structure was incurred by a person carrying on a trade which consists, as to the whole or any part thereof, in the construction of buildings or structures with a view to their sale, and, before the building or structure is used, he sells the relevant interest therein in die course of that trade, or, as the case may be, of that part of that trade, paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection shall have effect subject to the following modifications—

(a) if that sale is the only sale of the relevant interest before the building or structure is used, the said paragraph (6) shall have effect as if the words " the said expenditure or to " and the words "whichever is the less " were omitted; and (б)

(b) in any other case, the said paragraph (b) shall have effect as if the reference to the expenditure actually incurred on the construction of the building or structure were a reference to the price paid on the said sale.

250

Part I. —cont. Manner of

■making allowances and charges.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 29.

Cessation of mills, factories allowances.

1 Edw. 8 &

1 Geo. 6. c. 54.

Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

6. —(1) Except in the cases mentioned in the following provisions of this section, any allowance or charge made to or on a person under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act shall be made to or on him in charging the profits or gains of his trade.

(2) An initial allowance shall be made to a person by way of discharge or repayment of tax if his interest in the building or structure is subject to any lease when the expenditure is incurred or becomes subject to any lease before the building or structure is first used for any purpose.

(3) An annual allowance shall be made to a person for a year of assessment by way of discharge or repayment of tax if his interest is subject to any lease at the end of his basis period for that year of assessment.

(4) A balancing allowance shall be made to a person by way of discharge or repayment of tax if his interest is subject to any lease immediately before the event giving rise to the allowance.

(5) A balancing charge shall be made on a person under Case VI of Schedule D if his interest is subject to any lease immediately before the event giving rise to the charge.

(6) Any allowance which, under the preceding provisions of this section, is to be made by way of discharge or repayment of tax shall be available primarily against the following income, that is to say—

(a) income taxed under Schedule A in respect of any premises which at any time in the year consist of or mclude an industrial building or structure; or

(b) any rent of any such premises as aforesaid charged to tax by virtue of section fifteen, section sixteen or section seventeen of the Finance Act, 1940; or

(c) income which is the subject of a balancing charge under this Part of this Act. 7

7. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no allowance shall be made under section fifteen of the Finance Act, I937 (which provides for an allowance for depreciation of mills, factories and other similar premises) for the year of assessment in which the appointed day falls or any subsequent year of assessment.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding subsection, if an allowance falls to be made under the said section fifteen in respect of any premises in the case of any trade for the last year of assessment before that in which the appointed day falls, an allowance shall, by virtue of this subsection, be made under and subject to the provisions of the said section fifteen

I945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

251

in respect of those premises for the year of assessment in Part I.

which the appointed day falls and each of the next four years cont-

of assessment in the case of every trade carried on thereon:

Provided that if, at any time in the year of assessment in which the appointed day falls or any of the next four years of assessment, any person to whom an allowance would otherwise fall to be made under the said section for that year of assessment in respect of the premises, by notice in writing to the surveyor, elects that the said section fifteen shall no longer apply to the premises—

(a) no allowance shall be made under the said section fifteen for that or any subsequent year of assessment in the case of that person's trade; and

(b) no allowance shall be made under the said section fifteen for any year of assessment in the case of any trade carried on on those premises after that person's trade has ceased to be carried on thereon.

(3) Where by virtue of the last preceding subsection an allowance falls to be made under the said section fifteen for the year of assessment in which the appointed day falls or any subsequent year of assessment in the case of any trade, the other provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect in relation to the premises in question as if the appointed day were postponed until the first day of the first year of assessment for which no allowance falls to be made under that section in the case of that or any other trade.

8.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in this Definition of Part of this Act the expression " industrial building or struc- ^trial ture" means a building or structure in use— structure^.

(0) for the purposes of a trade carried on in a mill, factory or other similar premises; or

(b) for the purposes of a transport, dock, inland navigation, water, electricity or hydraulic power undertaking; or

(c) for the purposes of a trade which consists in the manu-

facture of goods or materials or the subjection of goods or materials to any process; or

(d) for the purpos.es of a trade which consists in the storage—

(i) of goods or materials which are to be used in the manufacture of other goods or materials; or

(ii) of goods or materials which are to be subjected, in the course of a trade, to any process; or

(iii) of goods or materials which, having been manufactured or produced or subjected, in the

252

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

course of a trade, to any process, have not yet been delivered to any purchaser; or

(iv) of goods or materials on their arrival by sea or air into any part of the United Kingdom; or

(e) for the purposes of a trade which consists in the working of any mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits, or of a foreign plantation; or

(f) for the purposes of a trade consisting in all or any of the following activities, that is to say, ploughing or cultivating land (other than land in the occupation of the person carrying on the trade) or doing any other agricultural operation on such land, or threshing the crops of another person,

and, in particular, the said expression includes any building or structure provided by the person carrying on such a trade or undertaking for the welfare of workers employed in that trade or undertaking and in use for that purpose.

(2) The provisions of subsection (1) of this section shall apply in relation to a part of a trade or undertaking as they apply in relation to a trade or undertaking:

Provided that where part only of a trade or undertaking complies with the conditions set out in the said provisions, a building or structure shall not, by virtue of this subsection, be an industrial building or structure unless if is in use for the purposes of that part of that trade or undertaking.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, but subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section, the expression " industrial building or structure " does not include any building or structure in use as, or as part of, a dwelling-house, retail shop, showroom, hotel or office or for any purpose ancillary to the purposes of a dwelling-house, retail shop, showroom, hotel or office:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to, or to part of, a building or structure which was constructed for occupation by, or for the welfare of, persons employed at, or in connection with the working of, a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits, or for occupation by, or for the welfare of, persons employed on, or in connection with the growing and harvesting of the crops on, a foreign plantation, if the building or structure is likely to have little or no value to the person carrying on the trade when the mine, oil well or other source or the plantation is no longer worked, or will cease to belong to such person on the coming to an end of a foreign concession under which the mine, oil well or other source, or the plantation, is worked.

1945* Income Tax Ch. 32.

Act, 1945.

(4) Where part of the whole of a building or structure is, and part thereof is not, an industrial building or structure, and the capital expenditure which has been incurred on the construction of the second mentioned part is not more than one-tenth of the total capital expenditure which has been incurred on the construction of the whole building or structure, the whole building or structure and every part thereof shall be treated as an industrial building or structure.

(5) In this section, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" retail shop " includes any premises of a similar character where retail trade or business (including repair work) is carried on;

" dock " includes any harbour, wharf, pier or jetty or other works in or at which vessels can ship or unship merchandise or passengers, not being a pier or jetty primarily used for recreation, and " dock undertaking " shall be construed accordingly;

" water undertaking" means an undertaking for the supply of water for public consumption;

" electricity undertaking" means an undertaking for the generation, transformation, conversion, transmission or distribution of electrical energy;

" hydraulic power undertaking" means an undertaking for the supply of hydraulic power;

" undertaking " does not include an undertaking not carried on by way of trade;

" foreign plantation" means any land outside the United Kingdom used for the growing and harvesting of crops;

" crops *' includes any form of vegetable produce and " harvesting " includes the collection thereof, however effected.

9. Where a building or structure which is not an industrial building or structure as defined in the last preceding section is occupied by the person carrying on a trade and used as a sports pavilion for the welfare of all or any of the workers employed in that trade, this Part of this Act shall apply in relation to that building or structure as if it were an industrial building or structure.

10. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in this Part of this Act the expression " the relevant interest " means, in relation to any expenditure incurred on the construction of a building or structure, the interest in that building or structure to which the person who incurred the expenditure was entitled when he incurred it.

253

Part I. —con/.

Sports

pavilions.

Meaning of " the relevant interest."

254

Part I. —coni.

Temporary disuse of industrial buildings or structures.

Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(2) Where, when he incurs expenditure on the construction of a building or structure, a person is entitled to two or more interests in the building or structure, and one of those interests is an interest which is reversionary on all the others, that interest shall be the relevant interest for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(3) An interest shall not cease to be the relevant interest for the purposes of this Part of this Act by reason of the creation of any lease or other interest to which that interest is subject, and where the relevant interest is a leasehold interest and is extinguished by reason of the surrender thereof, or on the person entitled thereto acquiring the interest which is reversionary thereon, the interest into which that leasehold interest merges shall thereupon become the relevant interest.

(4) Where the relevant interest is a leasehold interest which comes to an end before the appointed day and the last preceding subsection does not apply, the interest which is immediately reversionary thereon shall be deemed, for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act in so far as they relate to annual allowances, balancing allowances and balancing charges, to have thereupon become the relevant interest.

11.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, a building or structure shall not be deemed to cease altogether to be used by reason that it falls temporarily out of use on or after the appointed day, and where, immediately before any period of temporary disuse beginning on or after that day, a building or structure is an industrial building or structure, it shall be deemed to continue to be an industrial building or structure during the period of temporary disuse. 2

(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act as to the manner of making allowances and charges, where by reason of the provisions of the preceding subsection a building or structure is deemed to continue to be an industrial building or structure while temporarily out of use, then if—

(a) upon the last occasion upon which the building or structure was in use as an industrial building or structure, it was in use for the purposes of a trade which has since been permanently discontinued; or

(b) upon the last occasion upon which the building or structure was in use as an industrial building or structure, the relevant interest therein was subject to a lease which has since come to an end,

any annual allowance or balancing allowance falling to be made to any person in respect of the building or structure during any period for which the temporary disuse continues

945*

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

255

after the discontinuance of the trade or the coming to an end Part i. of the lease shall be made by way of discharge or repayment —coni.

of tax, and any balancing charge falling to be made on any person in respect of the building or structure during that period shall be made under Case VI of Schedule D.

(3) The reference in this section to the permanent discontinuance of a trade does not include a reference to the happening of any event which, by virtue of any provisions in Rule n of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D, is to be treated as equivalent to the discontinuance of the trade.

12.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have Requisitioned effect in relation to any period of requisition of any land as if land, hiding the Crown had been in possession of that land for that period °^ascd

by virtue of a lease, and any reference in this Part of this special

Act to the surrender of a lease or the extinguishment thereof cases, on the person entitled thereto acquiring the interest which is reversionary thereon, or to the merger of a leasehold interest, shall be construed accordingly, and any sum paid to the Crown in respect of any building or structure constructed on any land during any period of requisition of that land, being a sum paid, whether by virtue of any enactment or otherwise, by the person who, subject to the rights of the Crown, is entitled to possession of the land, shall be deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act to be a sum paid in consideration of the surrender of that lease:

Provided that where a person carrying on a trade is authorised by the Crown to occupy the land or any part thereof for the whole or any part of the period of requisition, die provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect as if the Crown had granted a sub-lease to that person of that land or, as the case may be, that part thereof, for the period of requisition or, as the case may be, for that part of the period for which the said person occupies the land, and the preceding provisions of this subsection shall have effect in relation to that sub-lease as they have effect in relation to the lease therein mentioned, subject, however, to the modification that for the reference to any sum paid *to the Crown there shall be substituted a reference to any sum paid to the said person.

In this subsection, the expression " period of requisition" means a period in respect of which compensation is, or, but for any agreement to the contrary, would be, payable under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) 01 section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, by reference to the rent which might reasonably be expected to be payable under a lease granted immediately before the beginning of that period.

(2) Where, with the consent of the lessor, a lessee of any building or structure remains in possession thereof after die termination of the lease without a new lease being granted to

256

Part I.

—cont.

Exclusion of double allowances, etc.

Interpretation of Part I.

Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

him, that lease shall be deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act to continue so long as he remains in possession as aforesaid.

(3) Where, on the termination of a lease, a new lease is granted to the lessee in pursuance of an option available to him under the terms of the first lease, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect as if the second lease were a continuation of the first lease.

(4) Where, on the termination of a lease, the lessor pays any sum to the lessee in respect of a building or structure comprised in the lease, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect as if the lease had come to an end by reason of the surrender thereof in consideration of the payment.

(5) Where, on the termination of a lease, another lease is granted to a different lessee and, in connection with the transaction, that lessee pays a sum to the person who was the lessee under the first lease, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect as if both leases were the same lease and there had been an assignment thereof by the lessee under the first lease to the lessee under the second lease in consideration of the payment.

13‘.—(1) No allowance shall be made under, or by virtue of, any of the provisions of this Part of this Act in respect of, or of premises including, or of expenditure on, a building or structure if, for the same or any previous or subsequent year of assessment, an allowance is or can be made under any of the provisions of Part II, Part III or Part IV of this Act in respect of, or of expenditure on, that building or structure.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the preceding subsection, any reference in this Part of this Act to the incurring of expenditure on the construction of a building or structure does not include expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant or on any asset which has been treated for any year of assessment as machinery or plant.

14.—(1) References in this Part of this Act to expenditure incurred on the construction of a building or structure do not include—

(1 a) any expenditure incurred on the acquisition of, or of rights in or over, any land; or

(6) any expenditure incurred on preparing, cutting, tunnelling or levelling any land:

Provided that paragraph (b) of this subsection shall not apply to expenditure on work done on the land to be covered by a building or structure for the purposes of preparing the land to receive the foundations of the building or structure, being work which may be expected to be valueless when the

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

257

building or structure is demolished and not being work which Part i. consists of cutting or tunnelling.

(2) A person who has incurred expenditure on the construction of a building or structure shall be deemed, for the purposes of any provision of this Part of this Act referring to his interest therein at the time when the expenditure was incurred, to have had the same interest therein as he would have had if the construction thereof had been completed at that time.

(3) Without prejudice to any of the other provisions of this Act relating to the apportionment of sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys, the sum paid on the sale of the relevant interest in a building or structure, or any other sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys payable in respect of any building or structure, shall, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to so much thereof, as, on a just apportionment, is attributable to assets representing expenditure other than expenditure in respect of which an allowance can be made under this Part of this Act.

Part II.

Machinery and Plant.

15.—(1) Where, on or after the appointed day, a person Initial carrying on a trade incurs capital expenditure on the provision allowances, of machinery or plant for the purposes of the trade, there shall be made to him, for the year of assessment in the basis period for which the expenditure is incurred, an allowance (in this Part of this Act referred to as " an initial allowance") equal to one-fifth of the expenditure.

(2) Where, on or after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-four, but before the appointed day, a person carrying on a trade incurs any capital expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant for the purposes of the trade, he shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section as having incurred, on the appointed day, capital expenditure on die provision of that machinery or plant for those purposes equal to the amount of that expenditure less the total amount of any allowances made to him in respect of the machinery or plant under Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day falls and of any relevant exceptional depreciation allowances made to him in respect thereof for any such year:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant if, on the appointed day, the machinery or plant is no longer owned

R

Ch. 32.

Income

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

258

Part II.

—cont.

Amendment of allowances under Rule 6 of Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 25.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 46.

by the person who incurred the expenditure or is out of use as being worn out or obsolete or otherwise useless or no longer required.

(3) Any expenditure incurred on or after the said sixth day of April for the purposes of a trade by a person about to carry it on shall be treated for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this section as if it had been incurred by that person on the first day on which he does carry it on.

(4) Where there is a contract for the sale of a ship and either—

(a) the price becomes payable before the said sixth day of April, but the ship is delivered in performance of the contract on or after that date; or

. (b) the price is payable in instalments, some of which are payable before that date and some of which are payable on or after that date,

so much of the price as becomes payable before that date shall for the purposes of this section be deemed to have become payable on that date.

16.—(1) For the purposes of paragraph (1) of Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D (which provides for a deduction in respect of the diminished value 01 machinery or plant by reason of wear and tear during the year of assessment) the machinery or plant in use at the end of the basis period shall, in the case of the year of assessment in which the appointed day falls or any subsequent year of assessment, be taken to be the machinery or plant used for the purposes of the trade during the year.

(2) The amount of any deduction under the said Rule 6 shall, in the case of the year of assessment in which the appointed day falls or any subsequent year of assessment, be computed as if paragraph (1) of the said Rule 6 had provided, in relation to any such years, for a deduction equal to five-fourths of the amount considered by the Commissioners having jurisdiction in the matter to be just and reasonable as representing the diminished value by reason of wear and tear during the year of the machinery and plant, and no additional deduction shall be made for any of those years under section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1932 (which, as amended by section twenty-two of the Finance Act, 1938, provides for an additional deduction equal to one-fifth of the deduction under the said Rule 6):

Provided that if, in the case of a trade which consists of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature, the person carrying on the trade so elects, the deduction to be allowed in respect of machinery or plant used in connection with the working of the

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

259

source shall, instead of being five-fourths of the amount afore- Part II. said, be such sum as is considered by the Commissioners to —cont. be just and reasonable having regard to the date when the source is likely to cease to be worked and the probable value of the machinery or plant at that date to the person carrying on the trade.

(3) In the case of machinery or plant provided on or after the appointed day—

(a) in considering what deduction is to be allowed under Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D, there shall be left out of account a proportion of the machinery or plant equal to the proportion of the expenditure on the provision thereof which is or is to be met directly or indirectly by the Crown or any government or public or local authority, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, or by any person other than the person providing the machinery or plant; and

(b) the deduction allowed under the said Rule 6 for any year of assessment shall not exceed what, apart from any deduction which falls to be made under the said Rule for that year, would be the amount of the capital expenditure on the provision of the machinery or plant still unallowed as at the beginning of the year.

(4) Where, in considering whether any, and, if so, what, deduction is to be allowed in respect of any machinery or plant under the said Rule 6 or under Rule 7 of the said Rules, account falls to be taken of deductions previously allowed under the said Rule 6, any initial allowance granted in respect of the machinery or plant shall be taken into account as if it were a deduction allowed under the said Rule 6.

17.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where. Balancing on or after the appointed day, any of the following events allowances and occurs in the case of any machinery or plant in respect of balancing which an initial allowance or a deduction under Rule 6 of c arges* the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D has been made or allowed for any year of assessment to a person carrying on a trade, that is to say, either—

(a) the machinery or plant is sold, whether while still in use or not; or

(b) the machinery or plant, whether still in use or not, ceases to belong to the person carrying on the trade by reason of the coming to an end of a foreign concession; or

(c) the machinery or plant is destroyed; or

26o

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part II.

.—cont.

(1 d)the machinery or plant is put out of use as being worn

out or obsolete or otherwise useless or no longer required,

and the event in question occurs before the trade is permanently discontinued, an allowance or charge (in this Part of this Act referred to as "a balancing allowance " or " a balancing charge ") shall, in the circumstances mentioned in this section, be made to, or, as the case may be, on, that person for the year of assessment in his basis period for which that event occurs:

Provided that where either—

(i) the trade consists of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature, and any deduction allowed for any year of assessment in respect of the machinery or plant has been calculated in accordance with the proviso to subsection (2) of the last preceding section; or

(ii) the event in question is the machinery or plant ceasing to belong to the person carrying on the trade on the coming to an end of a foreign concession,

a balancing allowance or a balancing charge may, in the circumstances mentioned in this section, be made in respect of the machinery or plant notwithstanding that the event in question occurs at a time when the trade is permanently discontinued.

Any reference in this subsection to the permanent discontinuance of a trade does not include a reference to the happening of any event which, by virtue of any of the provisions of Rule 11 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D, is to be treated as equivalent to the discontinuance of the trade.

(2) Where there are no sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys or where the amount of the capital expenditure of the person in question on the provision of the plant or machinery still unallowed as at the time of the event exceeds those moneys, a balancing allowance shall be made, and the amount thereof shall be the amount of the expenditure still unallowed as aforesaid, or, as the case may be, of the excess thereof over the said moneys. 3

(3) If the sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys exceed the amount, if any, of the said expenditure still unallowed as at the time of the event, a balancing charge shall be made, and the amount on which it is made shall be an amount equal to the excess or, where the said amount still unallowed is nil, to the said moneys:

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

261

Provided that where the loss of a shi s due to a war risk Part ii.

connected with any war in which His jesty is engaged at cont' the date of the passing of this Act, or to the carriage, in connection with any such war, of explosives or other dangerous cargo in a manner which would be abnormal in time of peace, then, whether the loss occurs before or after the conclusion of, or of hostilities in, that war, no balancing charge shall be made by reason of the loss in respect of expenditure on the ship.

In this subsection, the expression " war risk" means any risk falling within the definition of "war risks " contained in the form of policy set out in the First Schedule to an agreement for re-msurance of British ships made by the Minister of War Transport on the sixteenth day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-three, a copy of which was laid before each House of Parliament on the fourth day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-three, in pursuance of subsection

(2) of section one of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939. 2 & 3 Geo. 6

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the last preceding subsection, in no case shall the amount on which a balancing charge is made on a person exceed the aggregate of the following amounts, that is to say—

(a) the amount of the initial allowance, if any, made to him in respect of the expenditure in question;

(b) the amount of any deductions allowed to him in respect of the machinery or plant in question under Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D;

(c) the amount of any additional deductions allowed to him under section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1932, or under that section as amended by section twenty-two of the Finance Act, 1938, in respect of the machinery or plant;

(d) the amount of any relevant exceptional depreciation allowance made to him in respect of the machinery or plant;

(e) the amount of any scientific research allowances made to him in respect of the expenditure; and

(f) the amount of any balancing allowance previously made to him in respect of the expenditure.

18.—(1) Where machinery or plant in the case of which any Replacement of the events mentioned in subsection (1) of the last preceding of machinery section has occurred is replaced by the owner thereof and a balancing charge falls to be made on him by reason of that event, or, but for the provisions of this subsection, would have fallen to be made on him by reason thereof, then, if by notice

c. 57-

262 Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part II. in writing to the surveyor he so elects, the following provi-—cont. si 011sshall have effect, that is to say—

(a) if the amount on which the charge would have been made is greater than the capital expenditure on providing the new machinery or plant—

(i) the charge shall be made only on an amount equal to the difference; and

(ii) no initial allowance, no balancing allowance and no deduction under the said Rule 6 shall be made or allowed in respect of the new machinery or plant or the expenditure on the provision thereof; and

(iii) in considering whether any, and, if so, what, balancing charge falls to be made in respect of the expenditure on the new machinery or plant, there shall be deemed to have been made in respect of that expenditure an initial allowance equal to the full amount of that expenditure;

(b) if the capital expenditure on providing the new machinery or plant is equal to or greater than the amount on which the charge would have been made—

(i) the charge shall not be made; and

(ii) the amount of any initial allowance in respect of the said expenditure shall be calculated as if the expenditure had been reduced by the amount on which the charge would have been made; and

(iii) in considering what deduction is to be allowed under the said Rule 6 in respect of the new machinery or plant, there shall be left out of account a proportion of the machinery or plant eaual to the proportion which the amount on which the charge would have been made bears to the amount of the said expenditure; and

(iv) in considering whether any, and, if so, what, balancing allowance or balancing charge falls to be made in respect of the new machinery or plant, the initial allowance granted in respect thereof shall be deemed to have been increased by an amount equal to the amount on which the charge would nave been made.

(2) Rule 7 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D (which provides for an obsolescence allowance)—

(a) shall not have effect in the case of any replacement of plant or machinery provided on or after die appointed day;

1945- Income Tax Ch. 32.

Act> 1945.

(b) shall, in the case of the replacement on or after the appointed day of machinery or plant provided before the appointed day, have effect only if the person carrying on the trade by notice in writing to the surveyor elects that it shall have effect in relation thereto,

and where any such election is made as is mentioned in paragraph (6) of this subsection, no balancing allowance shall be made in respect of the sale, destruction or putting out of use of the machinery or plant which is replaced.

19. References in this Part of this Act to the amount still Meaning of unallowed of any expenditure as at any time shall be con- "expendi-strued as references to the amount of that expenditure less— auowed""

(a) the initial allowance, if any, made in respect thereof to the person who incurred it;

(b) any deductions allowed to that person in respect of the machinery or plant on the provision of winch the expenditure was incurred under Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D, under section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1932, or under that section as amended by section twenty-two of the Finance Act, 1938, being deductions allowed for a year of assessment before that in which the appointed day falls or for a year of assessment the basis period for which ended before the time in question;

(c) any relevant exceptional depreciation allowance made to him in respect of that machinery or plant;

(d) any scientific research allowance made to him in respect of that machinery or plant; and

(e) any balancing allowance made to him in respect of the expenditure:

Provided that where the profits or gains of a company or society from any trade include any income which is chargeable to tax by virtue of the provisions of subsection (1) or subsection (2) of section thirty-one of the Finance Act, 1933 23 & 24 Geo. 5. (which charges income tax on mutual profits) but which is c. 19. not otherwise chargeable to tax, then, in computing the amount of any expenditure which is still unallowed as aforesaid, there shall be deemed to have been allowed, for all years of assessment before the year 1933-34, all such deductions for wear and tear (but not including any additional deduction under section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1932) as would have been allowable in charging profits or gains which would have been chargeable if the said subsections (1) and (2) had been in force throughout those years.

263

Part II.

-r-COttJ.

264 Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

, 1945.

Part II. 20.—(1) Where machinery or plant is let upon such

~rco1?t' terms that the burden of the wear and tear thereof totasSrs directly upon the lessor, there shall be made to him, for the year of assessment in which the appointed day falls and every subsequent year of assessment, an allowance equal to five-fourths of the amount considered by the Commissioners having jurisdiction in the matter to be just and reasonable as representing the diminished value by reason of wear and tear, during so much of the period of the letting as falls within the year, of so much of the machinery or plant as is in use at the end of the year.

(2) Paragraph (5) of Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D shall not have effect in relation to the year of assessment in which the appointed day falls or any subsequent year of assessment, and the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act and the remaining provisions of the said Rule 6 shall apply in relation to any such lessor of machinery or plant as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section as if the machinery or plant were, during the period of the letting, in use for the purposes of a trade carried on by him, and as if any reference to deductions allowed under the said Rule 6 included a reference to any allowance made under the said subsection (i)-

Expenditure 21.—(1) Where, on or after the appointed day, a person

on^f?tions carrying on a trade incurs capital expenditure on alterations in conSction to an existing building incidental to the installation of with machinery or plant for the purposes of the trade, the provi-

instailation sions of this Part of this Act and of Rule 6 of the Rules applic-

of machinery able to Cases I and II of Schedule D shall have effect as if

or plant. the said expenditure were expenditure on the provision of

that machinery or plant and as if the works representing that expenditure formed part of that machinery or plant.

(2) The preceding provisions of this section shall apply in relation to expenditure incurred by a person on or after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-four, but before the appointed day, as if it had been incurred by him on the appointed day.

Manner of 22.—(1) Any allowance or charge made to or on any

mafing allow- person under the preceding provisions of this Part of this charges} Act shall, unless it is made under or by virtue of section

twenty of this Act, be made to or on that person in charging the profits or gains of his trade.

(2) Any allowance made under or by virtue of section twenty of this Act shall be made by way of discharge or repayment of tax and shall be available primarily against income from the letting of machinery or plant.

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

265

(3) Any charge made under or by virtue of section twenty of this Act shall be made under Case VI of Schedule D.

Part II.

—cont.

23. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the pre- Application to

ceding provisions of this Part of this Act shall, with any professions, necessary adaptations, apply in relation to— profitTreceived

(a) professions, employments, vocations and offices; and from occu-

(b) the occupation of lands (including woodlands), where pation of land<

the profits or gains thereof are assessable otherwise than by reference to assessable value,

as they apply in relation to trades.

(2) Where the profits or gains arising to any person from the occupation of lands (including woodlands) have, for any year of assessment, been determined by reference to assessable value, the amount still unallowed, as at any time after the end of that year of assessment, of any expenditure incurred by that person on the provision of machinery or plant in connection with those lands shall be determined as if there had fallen to be made to him, for that year of assessment, the like deductions—

(a) under Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D; and

(b) under section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1932, or under that section as amended by section twenty-two of the Finance Act, 1938,

as would have fallen to be made if, for that year of assessment, the profits or gains arising from the occupation of the lands had been determined otherwise than by reference to assessable value.

24. No allowance shall be made under any of the pro-Exclusion of visions of this Part of this Act or under Rule o or Rule 7 of double

the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D in allowances, respect of, or of the expenditure on, any machinery or plant if, for the same or any previous or subsequent year of assessment, an allowance is or can be made in respect of that expenditure under the provisions of Part IV of this Act.

Part III.

Mines, Oil Wells, etc.

25.—(1) In this Part of this Act, the expression " expendi- Expenditure to ture to which this Part of this Act applies" means capital whi^.h Part 111 expenditure incurred by any person m connection with the app ies* working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature—

(a) on searching for or on discovering and testing deposits, or winning access thereto; or

266

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part III. —cant.

Initial

allowances.

(b) on the construction of any works which are likely to be of little or no value when the source is no longer worked or, where the source is worked under a foreign concession, which are likely to become valueless when the concession comes to an end to the person working the source immediately before the concession comes to an end:

Provided that the said expression does not include—

(i) any expenditure on the acquisition of the site of the

source, or of the site of any such works as aforesaid, or of rights in or over any such site;

(ii) any expenditure on the acquisition of, or of rights in or over, the deposits;

(iii) any expenditure on machinery or plant, or on any asset which has been treated for any year of assessment as machinery or plant;

(iv) any expenditure on works constructed wholly or mainly for subjecting the raw product of the source to any process, except a process designed for preparing the raw product for use as such;

(v) any expenditure on buildings or structures provided for occupation by or for the welfare of workers;

(vi) any expenditure on a building where the whole of the building was constructed for use as an office;

(vii) any expenditure on so much of a building or structure as was constructed for use as an office, unless the capital expenditure on the construction of the part of the building or structure constructed for use as an office was not more than one-tenth of the capital expenditure incurred on the construction of the whole of the building or structure.

(2) Any reference in this Part of this Act to assets representing any expenditure includes, in relation to expenditure on searching for, discovering and testing deposits, any results obtained from any search, exploration or inquiry upon which the expenditure was incurred.

26.—(1) Where, on or after the appointed day, a person carrying on a trade which consists of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature incurs for the purposes of the trade any expenditure to which this Part of this Act applies on the construction of works likely to have little or no value to him when the source is no longer worked, there shall be made to him for the year of assessment in the basis period for which the expenditure is incurred an allowance (in this Part of this Act referred to as " an initial allowance ") equal to one-tenth of that expenditure.

1945- Income Tax Ch. 32.

Act, 1945.

(2) The provisions of the preceding subsection shall apply in relation to expenditure incurred by a person on or after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-four, but before the appointed day, as if it had been incurred by him on the appointed day:

Provided that—

(a) in the case of expenditure on a building or structure, the amount by reference to which the initial allowance is to be calculated shall, instead of being the amount of the expenditure, be the amount of the expenditure less any relevant mills, factories and exceptional depreciation allowances made in respect of the building or structure for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day falls; and

(b) no initial allowance shall be made in respect of any expenditure if the asset representing the expenditure has been sold between the date when the expenditure was incurred and the appointed day.

27.—(1) Where a person carrying on a trade which consists Annual of or includes the working of any mine, oilalIowances*

well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature has, at any time after the beginning of the appointed day and before the end of his basis period for any year of assessment, incurred for the purposes of that trade expenditure to which this Part of this Act applies, an allowance (in this Part of this Act referred to as " an annual allowance ") shall be made to him for that year in respect of the whole of the expenditure to which this Part of this Act applies which he has incurred for the purposes of the trade and in connection with that source in the period which begins with the said day and ends with the end of the said basis period.

(2) The amount of the said allowance shall be the amount which results from applying to the residue of the expenditure the fraction of which—

(a) the numerator represents the output from the source in question in the basis period for the year in question; and

(b) the denominator represents the sum of that output and the total potential future output of the source, estimated as at the end of that period,

or the fraction one-twentieth, whichever is the greater.

(3) Where the source ceases to be worked or, in the case of a source worked under a foreign concession, the concession comes to an end, the person carrying on the trade may elect that the annual allowances, if any, for the year of assessment in which that event occurs and each of the five previous years

267

Part III. —eont.

268

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part III. of assessment shall be computed as if the reference in the last —cont. preceding subsection to the total potential future output of the source estimated as at the end of the basis period were a reference to the actual output of the source between the end of the basis period and the happening of the said event, and the said allowances shall be computed accordingly, and, notwithstanding anything in the Income Tax Acts limiting the time for the making of assessments or the allowance of claims for repayment, all such repayments and additional assessments shall be made as are necessary to enable effect to be given to this subsection.

(4) Where, on the appointed day, a person is carrying on a trade which consists of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as if he had on that day incurred for the purposes of the trade and in connection with the source expenditure to which this Part of this Act applies of the amount specified in the First Schedule to this Act:

Provided that if he considers that that amount is inadequate having regard to the dates on which expenditure to which this Part of this Act applies was actually incurred in connection with the source before the appointed day, he may apply to the General or Special Commissioners for relief, and those Commissioners may authorise such increase in that amount as may be appropriate. 5 (б)

(5) References in this section to the residue of any expenditure, in relation to the annual allowance to be made for any year of assessment, are references to the amount thereof which remains after deducting therefrom—

(a) any initial allowances made in respect of that expenditure or any part thereof for that or any previous year of assessment;

(b) any annual allowances made in respect of ffiat expenditure or any part thereof for any previous year of assessment;

(c) where the expenditure consists of or includes expenditure on a building, any relevant exceptional depreciation allowances made in respect of the building for any previous year of assessment not earlier than that in which the appointed day falls; and

(d) subject to the provisions of the next succeeding section, if, before the end of the basis period for the year of assessment for which the allowance is to be made, any asset representing the expenditure is sold or demolished or destroyed, the sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys.

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

269

28.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where—

(a) a person who is, on or after the appointed day, carrying on a trade which consists of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature sells assets representing expenditure to which this Part of this Act applies; and

(b) the buyer of those assets buys them for the purposes of a trade carried on or to be carried on by him, being a trade which consists of or includes the working of the whole or any part of the source in connection with which the assets were provided.

(2) If the net proceeds of the sale are less than the residue of the expenditure on the assets immediately before the sale, an allowance (in this Part of this Act referred to as " a balancing allowance ") shall be made to the seller, for the year of assessment in the basis period for which the sale took place, equal to the difference.

(3) If the net proceeds of the sale exceed the residue of the expenditure on the assets immediately before the sale, a charge (in this Part of this Act referred to as " a balancing charge ") shall be made on the seller, for the year of assessment in the basis period for which the sale took place, on the amount of the excess.

(4) If the source in connection with which the expenditure was incurred has been worked before the appointed day, the last two preceding subsections shall have effect subject to the modification that the amount of the balancing allowance or the amount on which the balancing charge is made shall be reduced by applying thereto the fraction of which the numerator represents the total output from the source in the period which begins with the appointed day and ends with the time of the sale, and the denominator represents the total output from the source up to the time of the sale:

Provided that if the person to whom a balancing allowance is to be made in respect of any expenditure considers that the amount by which the allowance is to be reduced under this subsection is excessive having regard to the dates on which the expenditure was actually incurred, he may apply to the General or Special Commissioners for relief, and those Commissioners may authorise such smaller reduction as may be appropriate.

(5) In no case shall the amount on which a balancing charge is made upon a person in respect of any assets exceed the difference between—

(a) the expenditure to which this Part of this Act applies which he incurred upon the assets; and

Part III.

—cont.

Sale of source or part of source as going concern.

270

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part III.

—coni

Application to expenditure incurred by persons not engaged in the trade of mining, etc.

Regulations.

(b) the residue of that expenditure immediately before the sale.

(6) Whether a balancing allowance or balancing charge is made upon the seller or not, the deduction to be made in the case of the seller in respect of the assets under paragraph ( d) of subsection (5) of the last preceding section shall, instead of being the sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys, be the residue of the expenditure attributable to the assets immediately before the sale.

(7) The buyer shall, for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to annual allowances, balancing allowances and balancing charges, be deemed to have incurred on the assets at the time of the sale expenditure to which this Part of this Act applies equal to whichever is the less of the following amounts, that is to say—

(a) so much of the price as is attributable to the assets; and

(b) the residue of the expenditure on the assets immediately after the sale.

29. —(1) Any expenditure incurred for the purposes of a trade by a person about to carry it on shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as if it had been incurred by that person on the first day on which he does carry it on:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall authorise the making of an initial allowance in respect of any expenditure incurred before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-four.

(2) Where a person incurs expenditure to which this Part of this Act applies on searching for, discovering and testing the mineral deposits of any mine, oil well or other source of a wasting nature and winning access to those deposits, and, without having carried on any trade which consists of or includes the working of the source, he sells any assets representing that expenditure, then, if the person who acquires the assets carries on such a trade as aforesaid in connection with the source, that person shall, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be deemed to have incurred for the purposes of the trade and in connection with the source expenditure to which this Part of this Act applies equal to the amount of the expenditure to which this Act applies which is represented by the assets or the price paid by him for the assets, whichever is the smaller.

30. —(1) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may make regulations for carrying this Part of this Act into effect, and those regulations may in particular—

(a) lay down rules for determining the extent of the mineral deposits which are to be taken, for all or

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

271

any of the purposes of this Part of this Act, as con- Part hi. stituting a source and the amount of the output from —coni. a source in any year or over any period, and in estimating total potential future output for any of those purposes;

(ft) lay down rules for determining the residue of the expenditure attributable to an asset immediately before, or immediately after, the sale thereof;

(c) in relation to cases in which, by virtue of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, a person is deemed to have incurred expenditure on the appointed day, lay down rules for determining what assets are to be treated as representing that expenditure and how much of that expenditure is to be treated as incurred on any particular asset;

(d) lay down rules for determining, for the purposes of any application under this Part of this Act, whether and by how much—

(i) the amount of the expenditure which, under this Part of this Act, a person is to be treated as having incurred on the appointed day is inadequate; or

(ii) the amount by which any allowance is to be reduced under this Part of this Act is excessive.

(2) All regulations of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue under this section shall be laid before the Commons House of Parliament as soon as may be after the making thereof, and if that House within forty days from the date on which any such regulations are laid before it resolves that the regulations be annulled, the regulations shall thereupon cease to have effect, but without prejudice to anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which the Commons House is adjourned for more than four days.

31. All allowances and charges falling to be made under Manner of this Part of this Act to or on any person shall be made to makin§ al,ow-or on him in charging the profits or gains of his trade. chSes0

Part IV.

Agricultural Land and Buildings.

32. Subject to the provisions of this section, where, for the ^reiief1* year of assessment in which the appointed day falls or any " respect of subsequent year of assessment, the owner of an estate which maintenance, consists of or includes agricultural land— etc., under

(a) would, under Rule 8 of No. V of Schedule A, have ^Jlev80°f been entitled to repayment of the amount of the schedule A.

272 Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part iv. income tax upon any sum if the assessments on the

—com. units of assessment comprised in the estate, as

reduced for the purposes of collection, had been sufficient for the purpose; but (6) is unable under the said Rule to obtain repayment of that amount because the assessments on those units, as so reduced, are not sufficient for the purpose,

that sum shall be treated as if it were the amount of an allowance falling to be made under this Act by way of discharge or repayment of tax, available primarily against agricultural income:

Provided that the sum to be treated as aforesaid shall not exceed the sum which would have fallen to be so treated if—

(i) the estate had not included such of the units of assessment included therein as were used wholly for purposes other than purposes of husbandry; and

(ii) where units of assessment included in the estate were used partly for purposes of husbandry and partly for other purposes, the annual value of those units, and the assessment thereon as reduced for purposes of collection, were reduced to an extent corresponding to the extent to which those units were used for other purposes; and

(iii) so much only of the cost of maintenance, repairs, insurance and management actually incurred in connection with the estate or any part thereof were taken into account as is just having regard to the preceding provisions of this proviso.

New allow- g _ 33.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where, in

ce^Sncapitai year Preceding any year of assessment, the owner or expenditure! tenant of any agricultural or forestry land incurs any capital expenditure on the construction of farm houses, farm or forestry buildings, cottages, fences or other works (not being expenditure which could, or, in the case of expenditure by a tenant, could, if he had been the owner, be taken into account for the purposes of Rule 8 of No. V of Schedule A), he shall be entitled to an allowance for that year of assessment and each of the succeeding nine years of assessment equal to one-tenth of that expenditure.

(2) No expenditure shall be taken into account for the purposes of this section unless it is incurred for the purposes of husbandry or forestry on the agricultural or forestry land in question, and—

(a) where the expenditure is on a farm house, one-third only of the expenditure shall be taken into account, or, if the accommodation and amenities of the farm

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

273

house are out of due relation to the nature and extent of the farm, such proportion thereof not greater than one-third as may be just;

(6) where expenditure is incurred on any asset other than a farm house, being an asset which is to serve partly the purposes of husbandry or forestry and partly other purposes, such apportionment of the expenditure shall be made for the purposes of this subsection as may be just.

(3) No allowance shall be made under this section in respect of any expenditure incurred before the appointed day, but any expenditure incurred on or after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-four, and before the appointed day, shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to have been incurred on the appointed day:

Provided that where any relevant exceptional depreciation allowance has been made for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day falls in respect of any asset representing the whole or any part of that expenditure, that expenditure shall, for the purposes of the two preceding subsections, be deemed to be reduced by the amount of that allowance.

(4) Where a person would, if he continued to be the owner, or, as the case may be, the tenant, of any land, be entitled under this section to an allowance in respect of any expenditure, and the whole of his interest in the land in question, or in any part of the land in question, is transferred, whether by operation of law or otherwise, to some other person, then—

(<a) the amount of the allowance (if any) for the year of assessment in which the transfer takes place shall be apportioned between the person from whom the interest is transferred and the person to whom the interest is transferred; and

(b) the person to whom the interest is transferred shall, to the exclusion of the person from whom the interest is transferred, be entitled, where the interest transferred is in the whole of the land, to the whole of the allowance for any subsequent year of assessment, and, where the interest transferred is in part only of the land, to so much of the allowance as is properly referable to that part of the land.

For the purposes of this subsection, where an interest in land is a tenancy and that tenancy comes to an end, that interest shall be deemed to have been transferred—

(i) if an incoming tenant makes any payment to the outgoing tenant in respect of assets representing the S

Part IV.

—cont.

Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

expenditure in question, to the incoming tenant; and

(ii) in any other case, to the owner of the interest in immediate reversion on the tenancy.

(5) An allowance under this section shall be made by way of discharge or repayment of tax and shall be available primarily against agricultural income and forestry income.

(6) Where any expenditure in respect of any sea wall or other embankment is taken into account for the purposes of this section, no deduction or allowance shall be made in respect of that expenditure for any year of assessment under paragraph ( g) of Rule 1 of No. V of Schedule A.

(7) In this section, references to the year preceding the year of assessment shall be construed as references to the year ending with the thirty-first day of March next preceding that year, or with such other date as may be agreed by the owner or tenant in question and the surveyor.

34. In this Part of this Act—

" agricultural land" means land, houses, or other buildings in the United Kingdom occupied wholly or mainly for the purpose of husbandry;

" agricultural income" means income chargeable under Schedule A or Schedule B in respect of agricultural land, income chargeable under Schedule D in respect of farming or market gardening in the United Kingdom, and income chargeable under section fifteen, section sixteen or section seventeen of the Finance Act, 1940 (which relate to excess rents and rents under long leases) in respect of rent of agricultural land;

" estate" means any land or houses falling to be taken as the unit of comparison for the purposes of paragraph (4) of Rule 8 of No. V of Schedule A;

" forestry land" means woodlands in the United Kingdom in respect of which an election is in force for assessment and charge to tax under Schedule D by virtue of the provisions of the Rules applicable to Schedule B, and any houses or other buildings in the United Kingdom which are occupied together with, and wholly or mainly for the purposes of, such woodlands;

" forestry income" means income chargeable under Schedule A in respect of forestry land, income chargeable under Schedule D in respect of the occupation of. woodlands in the United Kingdom, and

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

275

income chargeable under section fifteen, section six- Part iv. teen or section seventeen of the Finance Act, 1940 (which relate to excess rents and rents under long leases) in respect of rent of forestry land;

" unit of assessment" means any land (including houses or other buildings) which forms a unit of assessment for the purposes of Schedule A.

Part V.

Patents.

35.—(1) Where, on or after the appointed day, a person Annual incurs capital expenditure on the purchase of patent rights, allowances there shall, subject to and in accordance with the subsequent e°*diture provisions of this Part of this Act, be made to him for each on purchase of the relevant years of assessment, as hereinafter defined, of patent an allowance (in this Part of this Act referred to as " an rights, annual allowance ") equal to the appropriate fraction, as hereinafter defined, of the amount of that expenditure:

Provided that no annual allowance shall be made to a person in respect of any expenditure unless—

(a) the allowance falls to be made to him in charging the profits or gains of his trade; or

(b) any income receivable by him in respect of the rights would be liable to income tax. 2 (б)

(2) The relevant years of assessment are, in the case of

any person, the seventeen years of assessment beginning with the year of assessment in his basis period for which the expenditure was incurred:

Provided that—

(a) where the rights are purchased for a specified period, the preceding provisions of this subsection shall have effect with the substitution for the reference to seventeen years of a reference to seventeen years or the number of years comprised within that period, whichever is the less; and

(b) where the rights purchased begin one complete year or more after the commencement of the patent and the preceding paragraph of this proviso does not apply, the said provisions shall have effect with the substitution for the reference to seventeen years of a reference to seventeen years less the number of complete years which, when the rights begin, have elapsed since the commencement of the patent, or, if seventeen complete years have elapsed as aforesaid, of a reference to one year; and

S 2 .

27^ Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part v. (c) any expenditure incurred on or after the appointed

—coni‘ day for the purposes of a trade by a person about

to carry it on shall be treated for the purposes of this subsection as if it had been incurred by that person on the first day on which he does carry it on, unless, before the said first day, he has sold all the rights on the purchase of which the expenditure was incurred.

(3) The appropriate fraction is the fraction the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the number of the relevant years of assessment.

Effect of 36.—(1) Where, on or after the appointed day, a person

lapse of patent incurs capital expenditure on the purchase of patent rights nghts, sales, and, before the end of the relevant years of assessment, any of the following events occurs, that is to say—

(a) the rights come to an end without being subsequently revived; or

(b) he sells all those rights or so much thereof as he still owns; or

(c) he sells part of those rights and the net proceeds of the sale (so far as they consist of capital sums) are not less man the amount of the capital expenditure remaining unallowed,

no annual allowance shall be made to that person for the year of assessment in his basis period for which the event takes place or any subsequent year of assessment.

(2) Where, on or after the appointed day, a person incurs capital expenditure on the purchase of patent rights and, before the end of the relevant years of assessment, either of the following events occurs, that is to say—

(a) the rights come to an end without being subsequently revived; or

(b) he sells all those rights, or so much thereof as he still owns, and the net proceeds of the sale (so far as they consist of capital sums) are less than the amount of the capital expenditure remaining unallowed,

there shall, subject to and in accordance with the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Act, be made to him for the year of assessment in his basis period for which the event takes place an allowance (in this Part of this Act referred to as " a balancing allowance ") equal, if the event is the rights coming to an end, to the amount of the capital expenditure remaining unallowed, and, if the event is a sale, to the amount of the capital expenditure remaining unallowed less the net proceeds of the sale.

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

277

(3) Where a person who, on or after the appointed day, has incurred capital expenditure on the purchase of patent rights sells all or any part of those rights and the net proceeds of the sale (so far as they consist of capital sums) exceed the amount of the capital expenditure remaining unallowed, if any, there shall, subject to and in accordance with the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Act, be made on him for the year of assessment in his basis period for which the sale takes place a charge (in this Part of this Act referred to as " a balancing charge ") on an amount equal to the excess or, where the amount of the capital expenditure remaining unallowed is nil, to the said net proceeds.

(4) Where a person who, on or after the appointed day, has incurred capital expenditure the purchase of patent rights sells a part of those rights and the last preceding subsection does not apply, the amount of any annual allowance made in respect of that expenditure for the year of assessment in his basis period for which the sale takes place or any subsequent year of assessment shall be the amount arrived at by—

(a) subtracting the net proceeds of the sale (so far as they

consist of capital sums) from the amount of the expenditure remaining unallowed at the time of the sale; and

(b) dividing the result by the number of the relevant years of assessment which remained at the beginning of the year of assessment in his basis period for which the safe takes place,

and so on for any subsequent sales.

(5) References in the preceding provisions of this section to me amount of any capital expenditure remaining unallowed shall, in relation to any event, be construed as references to the amount of that expenditure less any annual allowances made in respect thereof for years of assessment before the year of assessment in the basis period for which that event occurs, and less also the net proceeds of any previous sale by the person who incurred the expenditure of any part of the rights acquired by the expenditure, so far as those proceeds consist of capital sums.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, no balancing allowance shall be made in respect of any expenditure unless an annual allowance has been, or, but for the happening of the event giving rise to the balancing allowance, could have been, made in respect of that expenditure, and the total amount on which a balancing charge is made in respect of any expenditure shall not exceed the total annual allowances actually made in respect of that expenditure, less, if a balancing charge has

Part V.

—cont.

278

Part V.

— co.

Charges on capital sums received for sale of patent rights.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 17.

Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

previously been made in respect of diat expenditure, the amount on which that charge was made.

37.—(1) Where, on or after the appointed day, a person resident in the United Kingdom sells any patent rights and the net proceeds of the sale consist wholly or partly of a capital sum, he shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, be charged to .tax under Case VI of Schedule D, for the year of assessment in which the sum is received by him and each of the five succeeding years of assessment, on an amount equal to one-sixth of that sum:

Provided that if that person, by notice in writing served on the surveyor not later than twelve months after the end of the year of assessment in which the said amount was received, elects that the whole of the said sum shall be charged to tax for the said year of assessment, it shall be charged to tax accordingly.

(2) Where, on or after the appointed day, a person not resident in the United Kingdom sells any patent rights and the net proceeds of the sale consist wholly or partly of a capital sum, and the patent is a United Kingdom patent, then, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act—

(a) he shall be chargeable to tax in respect of that sum under Case VI of Schedule D; and

(b) Rule 21 of the General Rules (which provides for the taxation of annual sums by deduction) shall apply to that sum as if it was an annual sum payable otherwise than out of profits or gains charged to tax; and

(c) all the other provisions of the Income Tax Acts shall have effect accordingly, except that section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1928 (which directs the amount of an assessment under the said Rule 21 to be allowed as a loss for certain purposes) shall not apply:

Provided that if, not later than twelve months after the end of the year of assessment in which the sum is paid, the person to whom it is paid, by notice in writing to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, elects that the said sum shall be treated for the purpose of income tax for that year and each of the five succeeding years as if one-sixth thereof, and no more, were included in his income chargeable to tax for all those years respectively, it shall be so treated, and all such repayments and assessments of tax for each of those years shall be made as are necessary to give effect to the election, so, however, that—

(i) the election shall not affect the amount of tax which is to be deducted and assessed under Rule 21 of the General Rules; and

1945- Income Tax Ch. 32. 279

Act, 1945.

(ii) where any sum is deducted under the said Rule 21, Part v.

any adjustments necessary to give effect to the elec- —cont-

tion shall be made by way of repayment of tax; and

(iii) the said adjustments shall be made year by year and as if one-sixth of the sum deducted had been deducted in respect of tax for each year, and no repayment of, or of any part of, that portion of the tax deducted which is to be treated as deducted in respect of tax for any year shall be made unless and until it is ascertained that the tax (other than surtax) ultimately falling to be paid for that year is. less than the amount of tax (other than surtax) paid for that year.

(3) Where the patent rights sold by a person or the rights out of which the patent rights sold by a person were granted were acquired by him by purchase and the price paid by him consisted wholly or partly of a capital sum, subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall apply as if any capital sum received by him when he sells the rights were reduced by the amount of that sum:

Provided that—

(a) where between the said purchase and the said sale he has sold part of the patent rights acquired by him and the net proceeds of that sale consist wholly or partly of a capital sum, the amount of the reduction falling to be made under this subsection in respect of the subsequent sale shall be itself reduced by the amount of that sum;

(b) nothing in this subsection shall affect the amount of tax which is to be deducted and assessed under Rule 21 of the General Rules by virtue of subsection (2) of this section, and, where any sum is deducted under the said Rule 21, any adjustment necessary to give effect to the provisions of this subsection shall be made by way of repayment of tax.

(4) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act (which relate to deaths, windings up and partnership changes) shall have effect in relation to the charges provided for by this section, and, in the said Schedule, the expression " the principal section" means this section.

38. Nothing in the preceding provisions of this Part of Patent rights this Act shall apply in relation to any patent rights if those *°ld ^e/°Ieda rights, or any rights out of which they were granted, have appom y' been the subject of a sale before the appointed day and the proceeds of the sale consisted wholly or partly of a capital sum.

28o

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part V. —com. Relief for expenses.

39.—(1) In computing the profits or gains of any trade, there shall be allowed to be deducted as expenses any fees paid or expenses incurred on or after the appointed day in obtaining, for the purposes of the trade, the grant of a patent or an extension of the term of a patent.

(2) Where—

(a) on or after the appointed day, a person, otherwise than for the purposes of a trade carried on by him, pays any fees or incurs any expenses in connection with the grant or maintenance of a patent or the obtaining of an extension of a term of a patent; and

(b) those fees or expenses would, if they had been paid or incurred for the purposes of a trade, have been allowable as a deduction in estimating the profits or

. gains thereof,

there shall be made to him, for the year of assessment in which these expenses were paid or incurred, an allowance equal to the amount thereof.

(3) Where a patent is granted in respect of any invention, an allowance equal to so much of the net amount of any expenses incurred, on or after the appointed day, by an inaividual who, whether alone or in conjunction with any other person, actually devised the invention as is properly ascribable to the devising thereof (not being expenses in respect of which, or of assets representing which, an allowance falls to be made under any other provision of the Income Tax Acts) shall be made to that individual for the year of assessment in which the expenses were incurred.

(4) The provisions of the last preceding subsection shall apply in relation to expenses incurred before the appointed day as if those expenses were incurred on the appointed day, subject to the modification that, if the patent in question was granted one complete year or more before the appointed day, the amount to be allowed shall be reduced by applying thereto the fraction the numerator of which is seventeen less the number of complete years comprised in the period beginning with the commencement of the patent and ending immediately before the appointed day, and the denominator of which is seventeen.

Patent income 40. In considering, in relation to the year of assessment to be earned in which the appointed day falls or any subsequent year of

income in j iii J 4 ^,. - .J ,

certain cases, assessment, whether any, and, if so, what, relief is to be

granted to an individual under subsection (1) of section fifteen

15 & 16 Geo. 5. of Finance Act, 1925 (which relates to earned income

c'* ‘ relief) or under subsection (2) of section eighteen of the

10 & n Creo.5. Finance Act, 1920 (which relates to wife’s earned income

1945* Income Tax Ch. 32.

Act, 1945.

relief), any income from patent rights arising to an individual shall, where the patent was granted for an invention actually devised by him, whether alone or jointly with any other person, be deemed to be earned income:

Provided that where any part of the rights in question or of any rights out of which they were granted has at any time belonged to any other person, so much only of the said income shall be deemed to oe earned income as is not properly attributable to the rights which have belonged to that other person.

41. —(1) Where a royalty or other sum to which Rule 19 or Rule 21 of the General Rules applies is paid in respect of the user of a patent, and that user extended over a period of six complete years or more, the person receiving the payment may require that the income tax (including surtax) payable by him by reason of the receipt of that sum shall be reduced so as not to exceed the total amount of income tax (including surtax) which would have been payable by him if that royalty or sum had been paid in six equal instalments at yearly intervals, the last of which was paid on the date on which the payment was in fact made.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall apply in relation to a royalty or other sum where the period of the user is two complete years or more but less than six complete years as it applies to the royalties and sums mentioned in that subsection, but with the substitution for the reference to six equal instalments of a reference to so many equal instalments as there are complete years comprised in that period.

(3) In this section, any reference to the income tax (including surtax) payable by a person includes, in cases where the profits of a wife are deemed to be the profits of the husband, references to the income tax (including surtax) payable by his wife or her husband, as the case may be.

(4) Nothing in this section shall apply to any sum to which Rule 21 of the General Rules applies by virtue of any of the provisions of this Part of this Act or to any of the rents or other sums to which section twenty-one of the Finance Act, 1934, and section seventeen of the Finance Act, 1940, apply.

42. —(1) An allowance or charge under any of the provisions of this Part of this Act shall be made to or on a person in charging the profits or gains of his trade if—

(a) he is carrying on a trade the profits or gains of which are, or, if there were any, would be, chargeable to income tax under Case I of Schedule D for the year of assessment for which the allowance or charge is made; and

281

Part V.

—cont.

Spreading of income payments over several years.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 32.

When a person is to be treated as a trader.

282 Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6

Act, 1945.

Part v. (5) at any time in his basis period for that year of

—coni‘ assessment, the patent rights in question, or other

rights out of which they were granted, were or were to be used for the purposes of that trade:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect any of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act allowing a deduction as expenses in computing the profits or gains of a trade or requiring a charge to be made under Case VI of Schedule D.

(2) Save as aforesaid, an allowance under this Part of this Act shall be made by way of discharge or repayment of tax and shall be available against income from patents, and a charge under this Part of this Act shall be made under Case VI of Schedule D.

Interpretation

of Part V, etc. 43.—(1) In this Part of this Act, the following expressions

have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" income from patents " means—

(a) any royalty or other sum paid in respect of the user of a patent;

(b) any amount on which tax is payable for any year of assessment by virtue of any of the provisions of this Part of this Act,

but does not include the rents and other sums to which section twenty-one of the Finance Act, 1934, and section seventeen of the Finance Act, 1940, apply;

" the commencement of the patent " means, in relation to a patent, the date as from which the patent rights become effective;

" patent rights" means the right to do or authorise the doing of anything which would, but for that right, be an infringement of a patent;

" United Kingdom patent" means a patent granted under the laws 01 the United Kingdom.

(2) In this Part of this Act, any reference to the sale of part of patent rights includes a reference to the grant of a licence in respect of the patent in question, and any reference to the purchase of patent rights includes a reference to the acquisition of a licence in respect of a patent:

Provided that if a licence granted by a person entitled to any patent rights is a licence to exercise those rights to the exclusion of the grantor and all other persons for the whole of the remainder of the term for which the rights subsist, the grantor shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as thereby selling the whole of the rights.

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

283

(3) Where, under section twenty-nine of the Patents and Part V. Designs Act, 1907, or any corresponding provisions of the law ET"C0W/* of any country outside the United Kingdom, an invention 7 w* 7* which is the subject of a patent is made, used, or exercised or vended by or for the service of the Crown or the government

of the country concerned, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect as if the making, user, exercise or vending of the invention had taken place m pursuance of a licence, and any sums paid in respect thereof shall be treated accordingly.

(4) Any reference in this Part of this Act to the number of years comprised in a period shall be construed as a reference to the number of consecutive periods of twelve months, beginning with the day with which the period begins, which are comprised in the period, any odd period of less than twelve months remaining at the end of the period being treated as a complete twelve months:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as affecting any reference in this Part of this Act to the number of complete years comprised in any period or which have elapsed since any date.

Part VI.

Scientific Research.

44. For the purposes of section twenty-seven of the Finance Application Act, 1944 (which relates to payments to research associations, of s. 27 of universities and other bodies, and to certain other scientific Finan^e Act* research expenditure), any expenditure incurred and any sum certain° paid on or after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and expenditure forty-four and on or before the appointed day, being expendi- and payments ture or a sum which, apart from that section, would not have incurred or been deductible as an expense in computing the profits °r£2^eon or gains of the trade for the purposes of mcome tax, shall be appointed treated as if that expenditure was incurred or that sum was dayT

paid immediately after the appointed day.

45. Where, on or after the first day of January, nineteen Application of hundred and thirty-seven and on or before the appointed ss. 28 and 29 of day, a person incurs expenditure of a capital nature on Finance Act, scientific research, he shall, unless the expenditure is repre- ^°capita sented by an asset which ceases, on or before the appointed expenditure day, to be used by him for scientific research related to the incurred trade carried on by him, be treated for the purposes of sections on or before twenty-eight and twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1944 appointed day. (which relate to allowances for capital expenditure on scientific research) as having incurred that expenditure immediately after the appointed day:

284

Ch. 32,

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part VI.

—cont.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 30.

Other

amendments of 8. 29 of Finance Act, 1944

Scientific

research

allowances to

exclude

allowances

under this

Act.

Provided that where that expenditure is represented by an asset, the expenditure shall be treated as reduced by the aggregate amount of all allowances made to him in respect of the asset for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day falls, being allowances either—

(a) under section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1937 (which relates to the mills, factories allowance); or

(b) under section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941 (which relates to the exceptional depreciation allowance); or

(c) under Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D (which relates to the wear and tear allowance); or

(d) under section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1932, or under that section as amended by section twenty-two of the Finance Act, 1938 (which provides for an additional allowance for wear and tear).

46. —(1) Any reference in section twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1944 (which contains provisions as to assets representing capital expenditure) to expenditure of a capital nature incurred by the person carrying on a trade shall not include a reference to any expenditure except—

(a) expenditure incurred after the appointed day; and

(b) so much of any expenditure incurred on or after the first day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-seven, and on or before the appointed day as, under the provisions of the last preceding section, is to be treated as having been incurred immediately after the appointed day.

(2) Subsection (3) of the said section twenty-nine (which relates to the destruction of assets by fire or any similar cause) shall apply in relation to the destruction of assets from whatever cause, and accordingly the words "by fire or any similar cause " are hereby repealed.

(3) Subsection (4) of the said section twenty-nine (which prevents the allowance of deductions under other provisions of the Income Tax Acts in respect of assets to which that section applies) shall not prevent the allowance of any deduction for the purpose of income tax for any year of assessment before that m which the appointed day falls.

47. No initial allowance under Part I or Part II of this Act shall be made in respect of expenditure on the provision of an asset if that expenditure is expenditure in respect of which a deduction may be allowed under section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1944, and subsection (4) of section twenty-nine of that Act (which prohibits the making of wear and tear

1945* Income Tax Ch. 32. 285

Act, 1945.

and other allowances in years for which deductions are allowed Part .vi. under the said sections twenty-eight and twenty-nine) shall —com. apply in relation to annual allowances under the said Part I as it applies in relation to wear and tear allowances.

Part VII.

Exceptional Depreciation.

48. An exceptional depreciation allowance shall be given Extension o» notwithstanding that, on the date determined by Parliament right to for the purposes of subsection (1) of section nineteen of the allowance. Finance Act, 1941, the buildings, machinery or plant

have not become obsolete or ceased to be required, and accordingly in paragraph (a) of the said subsection (1) for the words "the buildings, machinery or plant have, wholly or partially, become obsolete or ceased to be required and the value thereof is less than the net cost thereof there shall be substituted the words "the value of the buildings, machinery or plant, or, where the buildings, machinery or plant have ceased to exist as such, the value of the remains thereof, is less than the net cost thereof.*

49. —(1) Where it is material for the purposes of subsection Valuation

(1) of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941, to ascertain

the value of any buildings, machinery or plant on the date determined by Parliament for the purposes of that subsection, that value shall be ascertained as if the buildings, machinery or plant were in a proper state of repair.

(2) Where an allowance under the said subsection (1) is, or, but for the provisions of this section, would be, made in respect of any buildings, machinery or plant by reference to the value thereof on the date determined by Parliament, and—

(a) on that date, the buildings, machinery or plant are not in a proper state of repair; and

(b) not later than six years after that date, the buildings, machinery or plant are sold by the person who is or would be entitled to the allowance before all the repairs have been made which are necessary to make good the disrepair existing on that date; and

(c) the net proceeds of the sale are less than the value as ascertained for the purposes of the said subsection (1),

he may claim that the said value shall for those purposes be deemed to be reduced by such amount as may be just, having regard to the extent to which the said repairs have hot been made good at the time of the sale:

Provided that the said value shall not be treated for the said purposes as having been reduced below the actual value

286

Part VII.

—cont.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 21.

War damage.

Depreciation to be spread evenly.

Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

of the buildings, machinery or plant in their actual state at the date determined by Parliament, or the net proceeds of the sale, whichever is the greater, plus any sums paid or payable to or for the benefit of the said person, under Part I or Part II of the War Damage Act, 1943, in respect of damage to the buildings, machinery or plant, being damage which has not been made good before the date determined by Parliament or, as the case may be, the date of the sale.

(3) In this section and in the said subsection (1), any reference to the value of buildings, machinery or plant shall be construed as a reference to the value thereof to the person carrying on the trade, or to the amount which could be obtained therefor in the open market, whichever is the higher.

(4) Nothing in this section shall apply in relation to any buildings, machinery or plant which, on the date determined by Parliament, are no longer in existence as such.

50. Paragraph (ii) of subsection (1) of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941 (which directs war damage payments to be taken into account in determining whether an exceptional depreciation allowance may be made, and, if so, the amount thereof) shall not apply in relation to any payments under Part I or Part II of the War Damage Act, 1943, in respect of any buildings, machinery or plant, unless—

(a) the buildings, machinery or plant have been sold before the date determined by Parliament for the purposes of that subsection, or are at that date no longer in existence as such; and

(b) the said payments have been or are to be made to or for the benefit of the person who is entitled to the allowance or would be entitled to the allowance if an allowance fell to be made.

51. Any excess in respect of which an exceptional depreciation allowance falls to be made shall be deemed to have begun to accrue on the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, or the date when the buildings, machinery or plant were provided, whichever is the later, and to have continued to accrue at an even rate until the date determined by Parliament, the date on which the buildings, machinery or plant were sold, or the date on which the buildings, machinery or plant finally ceased to be used by the person to whom the allowance falls to be made, whichever is the earliest date, and the proportion of the excess properly attributable to any year shall be determined accordingly:

Provided that, in relation to a person to whom the buildings, machinery or plant have been transferred in such circumstances that they are deemed by virtue of subsection (4) of

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

287

section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941, to have been Part vii. provided by him, the reference in this section to the date when —cont. the buildings, machinery or plant were provided shall be construed as a reference to the date of the transfer.

52. The reference in paragraph (i) of subsection (1) Allowances of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941, to deductions un^eIr.^ax?*1 for wear and tear or depreciation already allowed in respect j^en in°Q e of the buildings, machinery or plant shall be deemed to account, include a reference to any allowance made in respect thereof

under Part I or Part II of this Act.

53. —(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect Effect of

where— £crtain

by persons

(a) any buildings, machinery or plant are sold on, before entitled to or not later than six years after the date determined exceptional by Parliament for the purposes of subsection (1) depreciation of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941; and ^n^'^lces

(b) the seller is a person to whom an exceptional deprecia- successors of tion allowance falls to be made in respect of thesuch pe^0113-buildings, machinery or plant, whether by reason

of the sale or otherwise; and

(c) at the time of the sale and, where the event giving rise to the allowance is not the sale, also at the time of the event, the buildings, machinery or plant are not in a proper state of repair; and

(d) the buyer is a body of persons over whom the seller has control, or the seller is a body of persons over whom the buyer has control, or both the seller and the buyer are bodies of persons and some other person has control over both of them.

(2) No deduction shall be allowed in computing the profits or gains of any trade carried on by the buyer in respect of any expenditure incurred in making good the disrepair existing at the time of the event giving rise to the exceptional depreciation allowance, no allowance shall be made to him under any provision of this Act in respect of any capital expenditure incurred by him for that purpose, and, where the said disrepair is such as to require the provision of new machinery or plant, no allowance shall be made to the buyer under Rule 6 or Rule 7 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D in respect of machinery or plant provided to make good the disrepair.

(3) Where—

(a) the buyer under such a sale as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section again sells the buildings, machinery or plant, or any part of them; and

288

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part vii. (6) the second sale takes place before, on or not later

—cont. than six years after the date determined by Parliament for the purposes of subsection (1) of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941; and

(c) the second buyer is a body of persons over whom the first buyer has control, or the first buyer is a body of persons over whom the second buyer has control, or both the first buyer and the second buyer are bodies of persons and some other person has control over both of them,

the provisions of the last preceding subsection shall, in relation to the income tax payable by the second buyer, have effect as if the second sale had been a sale by the first seller direct to the second buyer, and so on for any subsequent sales.

(4) In this section, references to a body of persons include references to a partnership, and references to uie event giving rise to an exceptional depreciation allowance are references—

(a) if the allowance is made because, on the date determined by Parliament, the value of the buildings, machinery or plant is less than the net cost thereof, to that date; and

(b) if the allowance is made because the buildings, machinery or plant are sold before the said date at a price which is less than the net cost thereof, to the date of that sale.

Part vii to be 54* This Part of this Act shall be deemed always to have retrospective, had effect.

Part VIII.

Miscellaneous and General.

Manner of 55.—(1) Any claim by a person for an allowance falling

charging tax to be made to him under any of the provisions of this Act and granting in charging the profits or gains of his trade shall be included incaseof3 the annual statement required to be delivered under the traders. Income Tax Acts of the profits or gains thereof, and the allowance shall be made as a deduction in charging those profits or gains, and paragraph (3) of Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D (which relates to the carrying forward of deductions allowable in respect of wear and tear of machinery or plant) and section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1932 (which provides for the carrying forward of losses for which relief cannot be given owing to the grant of relief given in respect of wear and tear of machinery or plant) shall apply in relation to the allowance as they apply in relation to deductions allowable in respect of wear and tear of machinery and plant.

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

289

(2) If, in the case of a trade which consists of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits—

(a) a balancing allowance falls to be made under Part I of this Act for the last year of assessment during which the trade is carried on;

(b) the event giving rise to the allowance is the mine, oil well or other source ceasing to be worked or the coming to an end of a foreign concession;

(c) the allowance is in respect of expenditure on a building or structure which was constructed for occupation by, or for the welfare of, persons employed at, or in connection with the working of, the mine, oil well or other source; and %

(d) full effect cannot be given to the allowance because of an insufficiency of profits or gains for the said year of assessment,

the person entitled to the allowance may claim that the balance of the allowance may be given for the last preceding year of assessment, and so on for other preceding years, so, however, that no allowance shall be given by virtue of this subsection for any year earlier than the fifth year before the first mentioned year of assessment.

(3) Any charge falling to be made under any of the provisions of this Act on a person for any year of assessment in charging the profits or gains of his trade shall be made by means of an assessment on the profits or gains of that trade for that year of assessment in addition to any other assessment falling to be made thereon for that year.

(4) The preceding provisions of this section shall apply in relation to professions, employments, vocations and offices and the occupation of lands the profits or gains whereof are assessable otherwise than by reference to assessable value as they apply in relation to trades.

(5) Nothing in this section applies to any deduction allowable under any provision of this Act in computing the profits

or gains of a trade.

56.—(1) Where, under any of the provisions of this Act, an allowance falls to be made to a person for any year of assessment which is to be given by way of discharge or repayment of tax, and is to be available, or available primarily, against a specified class of income, the amount of the allowance shall be deducted from or set off against income of his

of that class for that year of assessment, and, if the amount to be allowed is greater than the amount of his income of that class for that year of assessment, the balance shall be deducted

T

Part VIII.

—cont.

Manner of granting, and effect of, allowances made by way of discharge or repayment of tax.

290

Part VIII

—cont.

17 & 18 Geo 5

c. 10.

Meaning of basis period."

Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

from or set off against his income of that class for the next year of assessment, and so on for subsequent years of assessment, and tax shall be discharged or repaid accordingly:

Provided that where the allowance is available primarily against income of the specified class and the amount of the allowance is greater than the amount of the person's income of that class for the first-mentioned year of assessment, he may, by notice in writing given to the surveyor not later than one year after the end of that year of assessment, elect that the excess shall be deducted from or set off against his other income for that year of assessment, and it shall be deducted from or set off against that income and tax discharged or repaid accordingly, and only the excess, if any, of the amount of the allowance over all his income for that year of assessment shall be deducted from or set off against his income of the specified class for succeeding years.

(2) Subsection (4) of section forty-two of the Finance Act, 1927 (which makes standard rate tax assessments conclusive for surtax purposes and prohibits certain allowances or adjustments being made for surtax purposes unless they have been previously made for the purposes of standard rate tax) shall apply in relation to the allowances mentioned in this section as it applies in relation to the allowances and adjustments mentioned in that subsection.

(3) Section forty-one of the Finance Act, 1927 (which contains provisions with respect to the making and determination of claims) shall apply m relation to claims for allowances mentioned in this section as it applies in relation to claims for deductions of tax under section forty of that Act:

Provided that, except in the case of an allowance under Part IV of this Act, any such claim to which objection is made shall, if the claimant so elects when he makes the claim, be heard and determined by the Special Commissioners, and subsection (2) of the said section forty-one shall have effect accordingly.

57.—(1) In this Act, the expression " basis period " has the meaning assigned to it by me following provisions of this section.

(2) In the case of a person to or on whom an allowance or charge falls to be made in charging the profits or gains of his trade, his basis period for any year of assessment is the period on the profits or gains of which income tax for that year falls to be finally computed under Case I of Schedule D in respect of the trade in question or, where, by virtue of any Act, the profits or gains of any other period are to be

1945* Income Tax Ch. 32.

Act, 1945.

taken to be the profits or gains of the said period, that other period:

Provided that, in the case of any trade—

(a) where two basis periods overlap, the period common to both shall be deemed for the purpose of this subsection to fall in the first basis period only;

(b) where there is an interval between the end of the basis period for one year of assessment and the basis period for the next year of assessment, then, unless the second-mentioned year of assessment is the year of the permanent discontinuance of the trade, the interval shall be deemed to be part of the second basis period; and

(c) where there is an interval between the end of the basis period for the year of assessment preceding that in which the trade is permanently discontinued and the basis period for the year in which it is permanently discontinued, the interval shall be deemed to form part of the first basis period.

(3) Where an allowance falls to be made under Part II

,of this Act to a person carrying on a profession or vocation,

the provisions of the last preceding subsection shall apply as if

the references to a trade mcluded references to a profession or

vocation and as if the reference .to Case I of Schedule D

included a reference to Case II of Schedule D.

(4) In the case of any other person, to or on whom an allowance or charge falls to be made under this Act, his basis period for any year of assessment is the year of assessment itself.

58.—(1) Any reference in this Act to the sale of any property includes a reference to the sale of that property together with any other property and, where property is sold together with other property, so much of the net proceeds of the sale of the whole property as, on a just apportionment, is properly attributable to the first-mentioned property shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be the net proceeds of the sale of the first-mentioned property, and references to expenditure incurred on the provision or the purchase of property shall be construed accordingly.

For the purposes of this subsection, all the property which is sold in pursuance of one bargain shall be deemed to be sold together, notwithstanding that separate prices are or purport to be agreed for separate items of that property or that there are or purport to be separate sales of separate items of that property.

291

Part VIII.

—cont.

Apportionment of consideration, and exchanges and surrenders of leasehold interests.

292

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part VIII. —cont.

Special provisions as to certain sate.

(2) The provisions of the last preceding subsection shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply in relation to other sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys as they apply in relation to the net proceeds of sales.

(3) This Act shall have effect as if any reference therein (including any reference in the preceding provisions of this section) to the sale of any property included a reference to the exchange of any property and, in the case of a leasehold interest, also included a reference to the surrender thereof for valuable consideration, and any provisions of this Act referring to sales shall have effect accordingly with the necessary adaptations and, in particular, with the adaptations that references to the net proceeds of sale and to the price shall be taken to include references to the consideration for the exchange or surrender and references to capital sums included in the price shall be taken to include references to so much of the consideration as would have been a capital sum if it had taken the form of a money payment.

(4) As respects the year in which the appointed day falls and any subsequent year of assessment, the preceding provisions of this section shall, with the necessary adaptations, have effect in relation to—

(a) Rules 6 and 7 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D (which provide for a wear and tear allowance and an- obsolescence allowance in the case of machinery and plant); and

(b) section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941 (which relates to exceptional depreciation of buildings, machinery or plant from war causes); and

(c) section twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1944 (which relates to sales of assets representing expenditure on scientific research),

as if-the said Rules 6 and 7 and the said sections nineteen and twenty-nine were provisions of this Act.

59.—(1) The 'provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to sales of any property where either—

(a) the buyer is a body of persons over whom the seller has control, or the seller is a body of persons over whom the buyer has control, or both the seller and the buyer are bodies of persons and some other person has control over both of them; or

(b) it appears with respect to the sale or with respect to transactions of which the sale is one, that the sole or main benefit which, apart from the provisions of this section, might have been expected to accrue

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

293

to the parties or any of them was the obtaining of an allowance or dedfuction under any of the following enactments, that is to say, any of the provisions of this Act or of Rule 6 or Rule 7 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D or of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941, or of Part IV of the Finance Act, 1944.

References in this subsection to a body of persons include references to a partnership.

(2) Where the property is sold at a price other than that which it would have fetched if sold in the open market, then, subject to the succeeding provisions of this section, the like consequences shall ensue for the purposes of the enactments mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, in their application to the income tax of all persons concerned, as would have ensued if the property had been sold for the price which it would have fetched if sold in the open market.

(3) Where the sale is a sale of machinery or plant—

. (a) no initial allowance shall be made to the buyer; and

(b) subject to the provisions of the next succeeding subsection, if the price which the property would have fetched if sold in the open market is greater than the limit of re-charge on die seller, the last preceding subsection shall have effect as if for the reference to the price which the property would have fetched if sold in the open market there were substituted a reference to the said limit of re-charge:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to a sale of machinery or plant which has never been used if the business or part of the business of the seller was the manufacture or supply of machinery or plant of that class and the sale was effected in the ordinary course of the seller's business;

Provided also that where the sale is one to which paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section applies and took place before the appointed day, and the seller acquired the machinery or plant on or after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-four, paragraph (a) of this subsection shall not apply.

In this subsection the expression " the limit of re-charge " means, in relation to a person who sells machinery or plant—

(i) if he provided that machinery or plant for himself before the appointed day, the actual cost to him of the machinery or plant, including in that actual cost

Part VIII.

— con

294

Part VIII.

—cont

Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

any expenditure in the nature of capital expenditure on machinery or-plant by way of renewal, improvement or reinstatement;

(ii) if he provided the machinery or plant for himself on or after the appointed day, the expenditure incurred by him on the provision thereof.

(4) Where the sale is one to which paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section applies and paragraph \b) of that subsection does not apply, and the parties to the sale by notice in writing to the surveyor so elect, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a) subsection (2) of this section shall have effect as if for the reference to the price which the property would have fetched if sold in the open market there were substituted a reference to that price or to the sum hereinafter mentioned, whichever is the lower;

(b) paragraph (6) of subsection (3) shall not apply; and

(c) notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, such balancing charge, if any, shall be made on the buyer on any event occurring after the date of the sale as would have fallen to be made on the seller if the seller had continued to own the property and had done all such things and been allowed all such allowances or deductions in connection therewith as were done by or allowed to the buyer.

The said sum is—

(i) in the case of an industrial building or structure, the

residue of the expenditure on the construction of that building or structure immediately before the sale, computed in accordance with the provisions of section four of this Act;

(ii) in the case of machinery or plant, the amount of the expenditure on the provision thereof still unallowed immediately before the sale, computed in accordance with the provisions of section nineteen of this Act;

(iii) in the case of assets representing the expenditure to which Part III of this Act applies, the residue of the expenditure attributable to those assets immediately before the sale, computed in accordance with the provisions of the said Part III; and

(iv) in the case of patent rights, the amount of any capital expenditure on the acquisition thereof remaining un-

1945- Income Tax Ch. 32. 295

Act, 1945.

allowed, computed in accordance with the provisions Part viii. of section thirty-six of this Act: —com.

Provided that in computing the said sum in the case of any buildings, machinery or plant, any sums provisionally allowed under subsection (2) of section nineteen of the Finance Act,

1941 (which relates to exceptional depreciation allowances) shall be left out of account. '

(5) As-respects Rules 6 and 7 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D, the provisions of this section shall have effect as respects tax for the year of assessment in which the appointed day falls and any subsequent year of assessment, and, as respects exceptional depreciation allowances, the provisions of this section shall be.deemed always to have had effect.

60.—(1) Where, on or after the appointed day, a person Effect, in succeeds to any trade, profession or vocation which until that certain cases, time was carried on by another person and, by virtue of any of successions the provisions of Rule 11 of the Rules applicable to Cases Ito trades* etc-and II of Schedule D, the trade, profession or vocation is to be treated as discontinued, any property which, immediately before the succession takes place, was in use for the purposes of the discontinued trade, profession or vocation and, without being sold, is, immediately after the succession takes place, in use for the purposes of the new trade, profession or vocation, shall, for the purposes of this Act, be treated as if it had been sold to the successor when the succession takes place, and as if the net proceeds of that sale had been the price which that property would have fetched if sold in the open market:

Provided that no initial allowance shall be made under any of the provisions of this Act by virtue of the provisions of this subsection.

(2) Where, after the setting up and before the permanent discontinuance of a trade, profession or vocation which at any time is carried on in partnership, anything is done for the purposes thereof, any allowance or charge which, if the trade, profession or vocation had at all times been carried on by one and the same person, would have fallen to be made to or on him under any of the provisions of this Act, shall be made to or on the person or persons from time to time carrying on that trade, profession or vocation, and the amount of any such allowance or charge shall be computed as if that person or those persons had at all times been carrying on the trade, profession or vocation and as if everything done to or by his or their predecessors in the carrying on thereof had been done to or by him or them.

296

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part VIII.

—cont.

Procedure on apportionments, etc.

Trade marks and designs.

(3) This section shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply in relation to the occupation of woodlands the profits or gains of which are assessable under Schedule D as it applies in relation to a trade.

61.—(1) Where, under or by virtue of any provisions of this Act, any sum falls to be apportioned and, at the time of the apportionment, it appears that it is material as respects the liability to income tax (for whatever year of assessment) of two or more persons, any question wmch arises as to the manner in which the sum is to be apportioned shall be determined, for the purposes of the income tax of all those persons—

(a) in a case where the same body of General Commissioners have jurisdiction with respect to all those persons, by those Commissioners, unless all those persons agree that it shall be determined by file Special Commissioners;

(b) in a case where different bodies of Commissioners have jurisdiction with respect to those persons, by such of those bodies as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may direct, unless all those persons agree that it shall be determined by the Special Commissioners; and

(c) in any other case, by the Special Commissioners,

and any such Commissioners shall determine the question in like manner as if it were an appeal against an assessment under Schedule D, and the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to such an appeal shall apply accordingly with any necessary modifications: *

Provided that all the said persons shall be entitled to appear and be heard by the Commissioners who are to make the determination or to make representations to them in writing.

(2) This section applies in relation to any determination under either of the two last preceding sections of the price which property would have fetched if sold in the open market as it applies in relation to apportionments.

’ 62. In computing the profits or gains of any trade, there shall be allowed to be deducted as expenses any fees paid or expenses incurred on or after the appointed day in obtaining, for the purposes of the trade, the registration of a design or a trade mark or the extension of the period of copyright in a design or the renewal of registration of a trade mark.

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32. 297

Part VIII.

63. The provisions of this Act shall not apply for the purposes of excess profits tax or the national defence contribution.

—cont.

Act not to apply to exeats profits tax and the national defence contribution.

64.—(1) References in this Act to capital expenditure and interpretation capital sums— of certain

references to

(a) in relation to the person incurring the expenditure expenditure, or paying the sums, do not include any expendi- etc.* ture or sum which is allowed to be deducted in computing, for the purposes of income tax, the profits or gains of a trade, profession, office, employment or vocation carried on or held by 'him; and

(6) in relation to the person receiving the amounts expended or the sums in question, do not include references to any amounts or sums which fall to be taken into account as receipts in computing the profits or gains of any trade, profession, office, employment or vocation carried on or held by him,

and do not include, in relation to any such person as aforesaid, any expenditure or sum in the case of which a deduction of tax falls or may fall to be made, otherwise than by virtue of the provisions of Part V of this Act relating to charges on capital sums received for patent rights, under Rule 19 or Rule 21 of the General Rules.

(2) Any reference in this Act to the date on which expenditure is incurred shall be construed as a reference to the date when the sums in question become payable.

65.—(1) In this Act, the expression " exceptional depre- interpretation ciation allowance" means an allowance made under section of certain nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941, the expression " mills, references to factories or exceptional depreciation allowances" means any ^rious allowance made under section fifteen of the Finance Act, owanc*9-1937, or any exceptional depreciation allowances, and the expression ‘^scientific research allowance" means an allowance made under section twenty-eight or section twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1944.

(2) Any reference in this Act to the relevant exceptional depreciation allowances shall be construed, in relation to any building, machinery or plant, as a reference to an exceptional depreciation allowance in respect of that building, -machinery or plant, or to so much of any exceptional depreciation allowance granted in respect of any building, machinery or plant of which it forms part as is properly attributable to it. 3 *

(3) Any reference in this Act to the relevant mills, factories

or exceptional depreciation allowances shall be construed, in

298

Part VIII.

—cont.

Subsidies, etc.

Ch. 32. Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6

Act, 1945.

relation to any building or structure, as a reference to any allowances granted under section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1937, in respect of it or premises of which it forms part, and any relevant exceptional depreciation allowances:

Provided that where an allowance under the said section fifteen was in respect of premises which include several buildings or structures, the whole amount of the allowance under the said section fifteen shall be apportioned between all the buildings or structures, and only that part of the allowance which is apportioned to the building or structure in question shall be taken into account.

(4) Any reference to the allowance made under the said section fifteen for any year of assessment shall be construed as a reference to an amount which, under the said section fifteen, is to be allowed as a deduction in computing profits or gains for that year of assessment.

(5) Any reference in this Act to an allowance made or deduction allowed includes a reference to an allowance or deduction which would be made or allowed but for an insufficiency of profits or gains, or other income, against which to make it.

66.—(1) Expenditure shall not be regarded for any of the purposes of this Act as having been incurred by any person in so far as it has been or is to be met directly or indirectly by the Crown or by any government or public or local authority, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, or by any person other than the first-mentioned person:

Provided that, in considering whether any, and, if so, what, balancing charge is to be made on a person under Part II of this Act in respect of any machinery or plant provided before the appointed day, this section shall not apply.

(2) In considering, for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, and of any other provision of this Act referring to expenditure met or to be met directly or indirectly by the Crown or by any authority or person other than the person incurring the expenditure, how far any expenditure has been or is to be so met, there shall be left out of account—

(a) any insurance moneys or other compensation moneys payable in respect of any asset which has been demolished, destroyed or put out of use; and

(b) any expenditure met or -to be met by any person other than the Crown or a government or public

1945- Income Tax . Ch. 32. 299

Act, 1945.

or local authority, being expenditure in respect of Part viii. which, apart from the provisions of this paragraph, —cont. no allowance could be made under the provisions of the next succeeding subsection.

(3) Where, on or after the appointed day, a person, for the purposes of a trade carried on or to be carried on by him or by a tenant of land in which he has an interest, contributes a capital sum to expenditure on the provision of an asset, being expenditure which, apart from the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, would have been regarded as wholly incurred by another person and in respect of which, apart from the said provisions, an allowance would have been made under Part I, Part II, Part III or Part IV of this Act, then, subject to the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act, such initial and annual allowances, if any, shall be made to die contributor as would have been made to him if his contribution had been expenditure on the provision, for the purposes of that trade, of a similar asset.

In this subsection and in the said Schedule, the expression " trade " includes husbandry and the occupation of woodlands in the United Kingdom in respect of which an election is in force for assessment and charge to tax under Schedule D by virtue of the provisions of the Rules applicable to Schedule B, and the expression " annual allowance " includes an allowance under Rule 6 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D and an allowance under section thirty-three of this Act.

67. In computing, for the purposes of Rule 8 of No. V of Computation Schedule A, the cost to any person of maintenance, repairs, of expenditure insurance and management, mere shall be left-out of account

any expenditure incurred by him on or after the appointed y of ° day, in so far as it has been or is to be met directly or schedule A. indirectly by the Crown or by any government or public or local authority, or by any person other than the first-mentioned person.

68. —(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise Other pro-

requires— visions as to

" the appointed day 0 means, in Part VI of this Act, mterpretation' the day determined by Parliament for the purposes of Part IV of the Finance Act, 1944, and, in any other provision of this Act, such day as Parliament may hereafter determine for the purposes of that provision;

" control ", in relation to a body corporate, means die power of a person to secure, by means of the holding of shares or the possession of voting power in or in

3°P

Part VIII. —coni.

Ch. 32. . Income Tax 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

relation to that or any other body corporate, or by virtue of any powers conferred by the articles of association or other document regulating that or any other body corporate, that the affairs of the first-mentioned body corporate are conducted in accordance with the wishes of that person, and, in relation to a partnership, means the right to a share of more than one half of the assets, or of more than one half of the income, of the partnership;

" foreign concession" means a right or privilege granted by the government of, or any municipality or other authority in, any territory outside the United Kingdom;

" income " includes any amount on which a charge to tax is authorised to be made under any of the provisions of this Act;

" lease " includes an agreement for a lease where the term to be covered by the lease has begun, and any tenancy, but does not include a mortgage, and " lessee," " lessor " and " leasehold interest " shall be construed accordingly;

" mineral deposits" includes any natural deposits capable of being lifted or extracted from the earth;

" sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys " mean, in relation to an event which gives rise or might, give rise to a balancing allowance or a balancing charge to or on any person, or is material in determining whether any, and, if so, what, annual allowance is to be made to a person under Part III of this Act,—

(a) where the event is a sale of any property, the net proceeds to that person of the sale;

(b) where the event is the coming to an end of an interest in property on or by reason of the coming to an end of a foreign concession, any compensation payable to that person in respect of that property;

(c) where the event is the demolition or destruction of any property, the net amount received by him for the remains of the property, together with any insurance moneys received by him in respect of the demolition or destruction and any other compensation of any description received by him in respect thereof, in so far as that compensation consists of capital sums; and

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

301

(d) where the event is that a building or struc- Part viii. ture ceases altogether to be used or that machinery • or plant is put out of use, any compensation of any description received by him in respect of that event, in so far as that compensation consists of capital sums.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any building, structure, machinery, plant, works, asset, farm house, farm or forestry building, cottage or fence shall be construed as including a reference to a part of any building, structure, machinery, plant, works, asset, farm house, farm or forestry building, cottage or fence:

Provided that where the reference is expressed to be to the whole of a building or structure, this subsection shall not apply.

(3) Any reference in this Act or in subsection (2) of section twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1944, to the time of any sale shall be construed as a reference to the time of completion or the time when possession is given, whichever is the earlier.

(4) Any reference in this Act to the setting up or permanejit discontinuance of a trade includes, except where the contrary is expressly provided, a reference to the occurring of any event which, under any of the provisions of the Income Tax Acts, is to be treated as equivalent to the setting up or permanent discontinuance of a trade.

(5) Any reference in this Act or in Part IV of the Finance Act, 1944, to the overlapping of two periods shall be construed as including a reference to the coincidence of two periods or to the inclusion of one period in another, and references to the period common to both of two periods shall be construed accordingly.

(6) Except where the contrary is expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any provision of any other Act shall be construed as a reference to that provision as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

69. In the application of this Act to Scotland, the expres- Application sion " leasehold interest" means the interest of a tenant in to Scotland, property subject to a lease, and any reference to an interest

which is reversionary on a leasehold interest or to a lease shall be construed as a reference to the interest of the landlord in property subject to the leasehold interest or lease.

70. This Act may be cited as the Income Tax Act, 1945, short title and and shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts. construction.

302

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

SCHEDULES.

Section 27.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Application of Part III to Expenditure before the Appointed Day.

Part I. Preliminary.

1. The amount of expenditure which a person who, on the appointed day, is carrying on a trade which consists of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits of a wasting nature is to be treated for certain purposes of Part III of this Act as having incurred on that day shall, except in the cases dealt with in Part III of this Schedule, be the amount specified in Part II thereof.

2. In the subsequent provisions of this Schedule, the said expenditure is referred to as " the appointed day expenditure " and the said person is referred to as " the trader ".

Provisions applicable where Part III of this Schedule

3. Except in cases to which Part III of this Schedule applies, the amount of the appointed day expenditure shall be ascertained by—

(a) ascertaining the total expenditure to which Part III of this

Act applies which was incurred by the trader before the appointed day for the purposes of the trade and in connection with the source; and

(b) subtracting therefrom the amounts specified in paragraph 4

of this Schedule; and

(c) applying the fraction specified in paragraph 5 of this Schedule to the result.

4. The said amounts are—

(a) where any asset representing any part of the expenditure

incurred by the trader as aforesaid before the appointed day has, before the appointed day, been sold by him, the amount of the expenditure so incurred which is attributable to that asset; and ‘

(b) where the assets representing the expenditure so incurred,

not being assets sold by the trader before the appointed day, consist of or include buildings or structures, any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances made in

respect of the buildings or structures for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day falls.

Part II.

DOES NOT APPLY.

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

303

5. The said fraction is the fraction of which—

(a) the numerator represents the total potential future output from

the source, estimated as at the appointed day; and

(b) the denominator represents the sum of the total output from

the source before the appointed day and the said total potential future output.

Part III.

Provision^ applicable in Certain Cases where Assets

HAVE BEEN PURCHASED FROM A PREDECESSOR.

6. —(1) Where, at or about the time when the trader began to work the source, he acquired from a predecessor in the working of the source, assets representing expenditure to which Part III of this Act applies incurred by that or any other predecessor in the working of the source, the amount of the appointed day expenditure shall be whichever of the amounts respectively specified in the two next succeeding paragraphs is the smaller.

(2) In this and the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Schedule, the expression " predecessor in the working of the source" means a person who has, before the appointed day, carried on a trade which consisted of or included the working of the source but has, before that day, ceased to work it.

(3) In the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Schedule, the assets mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph are referred to as " the acquired assets ".

7. —(1) The- first of the amounts mentioned in the last preceding paragraph is the amount which results from—

(a) ascertaining the total expenditure to which Part III of this Act applies which was incurred either on the acquired assets by any predecessor in the working of the source for the purposes of his trade and in connection with that source or by the trader for the purposes of his trade and in connection with the source; and

(b) subtracting therefrom the sums. specified in sub-paragraph

(2) of this paragraph; and

(c) ' applying to the result the fraction specified in sub-paragraph

(3) of this paragraph. 1 ©

(2) The said sums are—

(a) where any of the acquired assets have before the appointed

day been sold by the trader, so much of the said expenditure incurred by any predecessor in the working of the source as is attributable to that asset;

(b) where any asset representing any part of the expenditure

incurred by the trader as aforesaid before the appointed day has, before the appointed day, been sold by him, the amount of that expenditure which is attributable to that asset; and

(c) where any of the acquired assets or any asset representing any such expenditure as aforesaid of the trader consists of buildings or structures (not being buildings or structures

1ST SCH.

—corU.

304

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6

1ST SCH.

—cont.

sold by the trader before the appointed day), any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances made in respect of the buildings or structures for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day falls.

(3) The said fraction is the fraction of which—

(a) the numerator represents the total potential future output from the source, estimated as on the appointed day; and

(b) the denominator represents the sum of the total output from

the source before the appointed day and the said total potential future output.

8.—(1) The second of the said amounts is the amount which results from—

(a) adding the price paid by the trader for the acquired assets to

all the expenditure to which Part III of this Act applies which he incurred for the purposes of the trade and in connection with the source between the time when he acquired those assets and the appointed day; and

(b) subtracting from the total the sums specified in sub-paragraph

(2) of this paragraph; and

(c) applying to the result the fraction specified in sub-paragraph

(3) of this paragraph.

(2) The said sums are—

(a) where any asset representing the expenditure mentioned in paragraph (a) of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph has, before the appointed day, been sold by the trader, the amount of that expenditure which is attributable to that asset; and

(b) where any of the acquired assets has, before the appointed day,

been sold by the trader, the price paid by the trader for the asset; and

(c) where the assets representing that expenditure, not being

assets sold by the trader before the appointed day, consist of or include buildings or structures, any relevant mills, factories or exceptional depreciation allowances made to him in respect of the buildings or structures for any year of assessment before that in which the appointed day falls.

(3) The said fraction is the fraction of which—

(a) the numerator represents the total potential future output of

the source, estimated as at the appointed day; and

(b) the denominator represents the sum of the total output from

the source between the date of the acquisition of the acquired assets and the appointed day and the said total potential future output.

1945-

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32.

305

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 37.

Effect of Deaths, Windings Up and Partnership Changes on Certain Charges in respect of Patent Rights.

1. Where a person on whom, by reason of the receipt of a capital sum, a charge falls or would otherwise fall to be made under the principal section dies or, being a body corporate, commences to be wound up—

(a) no sums shall be charged under the principal section on that person for any year subsequent to that in which the death takes place or the winding up commences; and

(b) the amount falling to be charged for the year in which the

death occurs or the winding up commences shall be increased by the total amounts which, but for the death or winding up, would have fallen to be charged for subsequent years:

Provided that, in the case of a death, the personal representatives may, by notice in writing served on the surveyor not later than twenty-one days after notice has been served on them of the charge falling to be made by virtue of this paragraph, require that the income tax (including surtax) payable out of the estate of the deceased by reason of the increase provided for by this paragraph shall be reduced so as not to exceed the total amount of income tax (including surtax) which would have been payable by him or out of his estate by reason of the operation of the principal section in relation to that sum, if, instead of the amount falling to be charged for the year in which the death occurs being increased by the whole amount of the sums charged for subsequent years, the several amounts falling to be charged for the years beginning with that in which the capital sum was received and ending with that in which the death occurred had each been increased by the said whole amount divided by the number of those years.

2. Where, under the provisions of Part VIII of this Act relating to partnerships, a charge under the principal section falls to be made on two or more persons jointly as being the persons for the time being carrying on a trade, and that trade is discontinued, the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to the discontinuance as they have effect where a body corporate commences to be wound up:

Provided that—

(a) the additional sum which, under the said paragraph, falls to be charged for the year in which the discontinuance occurs shall be apportioned among the members of the partnership immediately* before the discontinuance, according to their respective interests in the partnership profits before the discontinuance, and each partner (or, if he is dead, his personal representatives) charged separately for his proportion; and

(b) each of the partners, or, if he is dead, his personal repre-

sentatives, shall have the same right to require a reduction of the total income tax (including surtax) payable by him

U

3°6

Ch. 32.

Income Tax

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

2ND SCH.

—cont.

or out of his estate by reason of the increase as would have been exercisable by the personal representatives under the said paragraph 1 in the case of a death, and the proviso to the said paragraph shall have effect accordingly, but as if references to the amount of income tax (including surtax) which would have been payable by the deceased or out of his estate in the event therein mentioned were a reference to the amount of income tax (including surtax) which would in that event have fallen to be paid or borne by the partner in question or out of his estate.

3. In this Schedule, any references to the income tax (including surtax) paid or borne or payable or falling to be paid or borne by a person include, in cases where the profits of a wife are deemed to be the profits of the husband, references to the income tax (including surtax) paid or borne, or payable or falling to be paid or borne, by his wife or her husband, as the case may be.

Section 66.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Supplementary Provisions as to Allowances for Contributions TOWARDS THE EXPENDITURE OF OTHER PERSONS.

1. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the amount of the allowances and the manner in which they are to be made shall be determined on the following basis—

(a) the asset shall be deemed to continue at all material times to be

in use for the purposes of the trade;

(b) where the asset is machinery or plant and, when the contribu-

tion was made, the trade was carried on or to be carried on by a tenant of land in which the contributor has an interest, the contributor shall be deemed to have let the machinery or plant to the said tenant on such terms that the burden of the wear and tear thereof falls directly on the contributor.

2. Where, when the contribution was made, the trade for the purposes of which it was made was carried on or to be carried on by the contributor, the following provisions shall have effect on any transfer of the trade or any part of the trade—

(a) where the transfer is of the whole trade, the annual allowance

for the year of assessment in which the transfer takes place and all subsequent years of assessment shall be made to the transferee;

(b) where the transfer is of part only of the trade, the provisions

of the preceding sub-paragraph shall have effect with respect to so much of the allowance as is properly referable to the part of the trade transferred.

1945-

Income

Act, 1945.

Ch. 32, 33.

3<V

3. —(1) Where, when the contribution was made, the trade was carried on or to be carried on by a tenant of land in which the contributor had an interest, the annual allowance for any year of assessment shall be made to the person who, at the end of that year, is entitled to the contributor's interest in the land, and the provisions of this Act defining, for the purposes of Part I thereof, the expression " the relevant interest" shall, with the necessary modifications, apply in relation to a contribution made for the purposes of a trade carried on or be carried on by a tenant of land as they apply in relation to expenditure incurred on the construction of a building or structure.

(2) Subsection (2) of section two of this Act (which relates to the effect of sales on the amount of annual allowances) shall not apply in relation to annual allowances to be made in respect of contributions.

4. The two last preceding paragraphs shall not apply where the trade is husbandry in the United Kingdom or the occupation of woodlands in the United Kingdom, and in lieu thereof the provisions of subsection (4) of section thirty-three of this Act (which relate to the effect of transfers of land) shall apply with any necessary modifications.

CHAPTER 33.

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

Town and Country Planning.

Areas of extensive war damage : acquisition of land, and grants towards expenses of acquisition and clearing.

Section.

1. Designation of areas of extensive war damage, and of land needed

for re-location of population and industries of such areas.

2. Power to purchase land for redevelopment of areas of extensive

war damage, or needed for re-location of population and industries of such areas.

3. Power to purchase land for highways in connection with areas

of extensive war damage, or with land needed for re-location.

4. Power to purchase for the public service, land designated under s. 1.

5. Grants towards loan charges in respect of acquisition and clearing

of land for dealing with war damage.

6. Contributions of local planning authorities towards expenses of

highway authorities under this Part, and grants in respect of such contributions.

7. General provisions as to grants under ss. 5 and 6.

8. Quinquennial review of financial effect of redevelopment.

Acquisition of land for certain planning purposes.

9. Power to purchase land for purposes relating to redevelopment of

areas of bad lay-out and obsolete development.

10. Power to purchase land for certain planning purposes.

11. Obligation to purchase war-damaged land where development

permission refused.

3RD SCH.

—cont.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

General provisions as to acquisition of land under Part I.

Section.

12. Power to authorise purchase by local planning authority for area

where land is, in lieu of by another authority.

13. Modifications as to procedure and compensation for purchase in case

of land held for the carrying on of statutory undertakings.

14. Provisions as to purchase and appropriation of open spaces, etc.

15. Validity and date of operation of orders, etc.

16. Recording of orders, etc., in register of sasines.

17. Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts, etc., with modifications including

modifications providing for expedited completion of purchases.

Powers in relation to land acquired or appropriated.

18. Disposal or appropriation by local planning authority of land held

by them for purposes of this Part.

19. Power of local planning authority to carry out development of land

held by them for purposes of this Part.

20. Power of local highway authority to construct new roads for purposes

of this Part.

21. Authorisation of development on land acquired for purposes of this

Part notwithstanding interference with servitudes, etc.

22. Power to extinguish highways over land acquired for purposes of

this Part.

23. Extinguishment of private ways, servitudes, and rights as to

apparatus, over or in land purchased for purposes of this Part.

24. Extinguishment of rights of way, and rights as to apparatus of

statutory undertakers.

25. Extension and modification of powers and duties of statutory

undertakers.

26. Relief of statutory undertakers from obligations rendered im-

practicable by exercise of powers of this Part.

27. Provisions as to churches and burial grounds.

28. Authorisation of use and development of open spaces, etc., not-

withstanding restrictions.

29. Provisions as to displacements from land acquired for purposes

of this Part.

Planning Provisions.

30. Duty of local planning authority to furnish information to the

Secretary of State.

31. Powers of Secretary of State with respect to development carried

out by interim development authorities and responsible authorities.

32. Power to suspend planning schemes and reimpose interim develop-

ment control.

33. Statutory undertakers : interim development control.

34. Statutory undertakers: application for interim development

permission.

35. Statutory undertakers: revocation of interim development

permission.

36. Statutory undertakers: postponement of interim development

applications.

37. Interim development orders : exclusion of permission in particular

areas or particular cases.

38. Suspension of byelaws and other enactments : additional powers.

39. Establishment of joint committees for planning purposes.

40. Application to agricultural buildings of provisions of planning

schemes as to buildings.

41. Designation of buildings of special architectural or historic interest.

42. Preservation of buildings of special architectural or historic interest.

43. Appeals in respect of design or external appearance of buildings.

1945-

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Section.

44. Extension as respects war period of protection for existing buildings

and uses.

45. Power during war period to give under planning schemes consent

to development with effect for a limited period.

Miscellaneous provisions relating to Part I.

46. Provision as to loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners.

47. Subsidy under 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 3, as respects housing for persons

displaced in exercise of powers of this Part.

48. Works below high-water mark.

49. Power of entry for purposes of survey and valuation.

50. Provisions as to local inquiries.

51. Notification of purchases of war-damaged land to War Damage

Commission.

52. Service of notices.

Part II.

Compensation in connection with Acquisition of Land for Public Purposes.

53. Assessment of compensation in connection with acquisition of land

for public purposes by reference to 1939 prices.

54. Supplement to compensation in case of owner-occupiers.

55. Supplement to compensation in case of improvements.

56. Supplemental provisions relating to the two preceding sections.

57. Ascertainment of compensation for purchase of land valued under

the War Damage Act, 1943.

58. Power to prescribe rate of interest payable where entry made before

payment of compensation.

Part III.

General.

59. Regulations.

60. Expenses of, and borrowing by, local authorities.

61. Powers of official arbiter on references to him.

62. Interpretation.

63. Short title and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Procedure for dealing with objections.

Second Schedule.—Procedure for authorising compulsory purchase.

Third Schedule.—Procedure for authorising compulsory purchase of statutory undertaker’s land.

Fourth Schedule.—Assessment of compensation to statutory undertakers.

Fifth Schedule.—Modifications of Lands Clauses Acts, Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, for purposes of Part I.

Sixth Schedule.—Procedure for completion of compulsory purchase under orders providing for expedited completion.

Seventh Schedule.—Application of the rule as to assessment of compensation in certain special cases.

Eighth Schedule.—Ascertainment of compensation for purchase of land valued under-the War Damage Act, 1943.

3io Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

An Act to make provision with respect to Scotland for the acquisition and development of land for planning purposes; for amending the law relating to town and country planning; for assessing by reference to 1939 prices compensation payable in connection with the acquisition of land for public purposes, and as to the rate of interest thereon; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

Part I.

Town and Country Planning.

Areas of extensive war damage: acquisition of land, and grants towards expenses of acquisition and clearing.

Designation 1.—(1) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is

of areas requisite, for the purpose of dealing satisfactorily with exten-wardamage, s*ve war damage in the area of a local planning authority, that and of land ’ a part or parts of their area, consisting of land shown to his needed for satisfaction to have sustained war damage or of such land tore-location of gether with other land contiguous or adjacent thereto, should P°.puItf , be laid out afresh and redeveloped as a whole, an order suchareas. declaring all or any of the land in such a part of their area to be land subject to compulsory purchase for dealing with war damage may be made by the Secretary of State if an application in that behalf is made to him by the authority before the expiration of five years from such date as the Secretary of State may by order appoint as being the date when the making of such applications has become practicable.

A part of the area of a local planning authority as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied as aforesaid is in this Act referred to as an " area of extensive war damage ".

(2) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that land is or will be required for the purpose of providing for re-location of population or industry, or for replacement of open space, in the course of the redevelopment of a part of the area of a local planning authority being an area of extensive war damage, he may, if an application in that behalf is made to him by the authority before the expiration of five years from the date appointed under the preceding subsection, make an order declaring any land which ought in his opinion to be

1945* Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

made available for that purpose to be land subject to compulsory purchase for that purpose.

In this Act the expression " re-location of population or industry " means, in relation to an area of extensive war damage, rendering available elsewhere than in that area, whether in an existing community or in a community to be newly established, accommodation for residential purposes or for the carrying on of business or other activities, together with all appropriate public services, facilities for public worship, recreation and amenity, and other requirements, being accommodation to be rendered available for persons or undertakings who are living or carrying on business or other activities in that area or who were domg so but by reason of war circumstances are no longer for the time being doing so, and whose continued or resumed location in that area would be inconsistent with the proper planning thereof; and the expression " replacement of open space " means, in relation to an area of extensive war damage, rendering land available for use as an open space or otherwise in an undeveloped state in substitution for land in that area which is so used.

(3) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that, having

Xd to all the circumstancesr, a local planning authority at some future date falling not earlier than two years after the date appointed under subsection (1) of this section, have had sufficient time for the submission of applications for orders under subsection (1) of this section, he may notify the local planning authority accordingly, and if he so notifies them, he shall not be required to consider any such application made by them after that date:

Provided that before the Secretary of State gives a notification under this subsection, he shall inform the local planning authority of his intention so to do and afford them an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose.

(4) Where a local planning authority have taken into consideration for the purposes of this section the question of the laying out afresh ana redevelopment as a whole of a part of their area, or the question of providing in any locality for re-location of population or industry or for replacement of open space, they shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating in their area a notice stating that they are considering me said question and describing in general terms the situation of the part of their area or the locality, and shall not make an application for an order under this section as respects that part of their area or that locality, as the case may be, before the expiration of two months from the date . on which a notice has been published or first published in relation thereto in pursuance of this subsection.

311

Part I.

—cant.

312

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

(5) An application for an order under this section shall designate the land to which the application relates by reference to a map or maps annexed thereto, either with or without descriptive matter (which, in the case of any discrepancy with the map or maps, shall prevail except in so far as may be otherwise provided by the application), and subject as aforesaid shall be in such form as may be prescribed.

(6) An application for an order under this section shall be accompanied by such statement, illustrated by such map or maps, as the authority consider requisite for indicating the manner in which it is intended that the land in the area of extensive war damage, or the land as to which they seek an order declaring it to be subject to compulsory purchase for providing for re-location of population or industry, or for replacement of open space, in the course of the redevelopment of such an area, should be laid out as respects its internal arrangement and in relation to the existing or intended lay-out of the surrounding locality, and the manner in which it is intended that such land should be used whether for purposes requiring the carrying out of development or otherwise.

(7) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that the particulars appearing from the application and the statement are adequate for enabling the expediency of the making of an order to be properly considered, he shall notify the authority that he is so satisfied and thereupon they shall—

(a) publish by Gazette and local advertisement a notice in the prescribed form describing the land to which die application relates, stating that an application under mis section has been submitted to the Secretary of State in relation thereto and is about to be considered by him, naming a place where a copy of the application and of the map or maps and any descriptive matter annexed thereto, and of the statement and map or maps illustrating it submitted to him, may be seen at all reasonable hours, and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days from the first local advertisement) within which, and the manner in which, objections to the application may be made; and

(b) serve a like notice on the persons appearing from the valuation roll to have an interest in any of the land to which the application relates and on such other persons as the Secretary of State may specify whether individually or as members of a class of persons;

and the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the application if any objection theretp is duly made.

1945* Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(8) Subject to the provisions of the said Schedule in a case in which those provisions have effect in relation to die application, the Secretary of State may make an order in accordance therewith either without modification or with any modification except (unless all persons interested consent) a modification extending the order to any land not thereby designated.

(9) Where the Secretary of State proposes to make an order in accordance with an application with any modification, he shall furnish to the authority a statement of the proposed modification, and may, if he thinks fit, give to the authority directions requiring them to publish by Gazette and local advertisement, or to serve on such persons, or on all persons of such classes, as may be specified in the directions, or both to publish and serve as aforesaid, such notice of the proposed modification as may be therein specified.

(10) An order under this section shall designate the land to which it relates in the manner specified in subsection (5) of this section, and that subsection shall have effect accordingly with the substitution of references to the order for references to the application.

(11) As soon as may be after such an order has been made, the authority on whose application the order was made shall publish by Gazette and local advertisement a notice in the prescribed form stating that the order has been made and naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map or maps and any descriptive matter annexed thereto may be seen at all reasonable nours, and shall serve a like notice on any person who has duly made an objection to the application and at the time of maxing it or thereafter has sent to the authority a request in writing to serve him with the notice required by this subsection specifying an address for service, and on such other persons as me Secretary of State may specify whether individually or as members of a class of persons.

(12) Where in authority who have published a notice under subsection (4) of this section as a preliminary to an application made by them for an order under this section are required by virtue of subsection (7) (9) or (11) of this section to publish any notice, they shall serve a like notice on any owner of any of the land designated by the application who at any time after the publication of the notice under subsection (4) of this section has sent to the authority a request in writing that he should be so served specifying an address for service and giving the prescribed particulars of his interest.

(13) The authority on whose application an order has been made under this section may at any time, with the consent of the Secretary of State, direct that the order shall cease to have effect as to any particular land to which it relates.

313

Part I.

—cont.

314

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I. (14) Where a direction is given by an authority under the cont- last preceding subsection, the authority shall comply with any requirements of the Secretary of State as to the notification to other authorities or to such persons as the Secretary of State may specify whether individually or as members of a class of persons of the giving of the direction.

Power to purchase land for redevelopment of areas of extensive war damage, or needed for relocation of population and industries of such areas.

2.—-(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local planning authority may be authorised to purchase compulsorily—

(a) any land in their area as to which an order under section one of this Act is in force declaring the land to be subject to compulsory purchase for dealing with war damage, or

(b) any land as to which an order under that section made on the application of that authority is in force declaring the land to be subject to compulsory purchase for providing for re-location of population or industry, or for replacement of open space, in the course of the redevelopment of an area of extensive war damage,

by an order made by the authority and submitted to the Secretary of State and confirmed by him in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local planning authority may be authorised in manner aforesaid to purchase compulsorily any land in their area which is in an area of extensive war damage, notwithstanding that no order under section one of this Act is in force in relation thereto, if—

(a) the Secretary of State is satisfied that its acquisition by the authority will be required for the purpose of dealing satisfactorily with the damage whatever may be decided as to the manner in which the land is to be laid out and used, and that the postponement of the acquisition thereof would be prejudicial to the public interest; and

(b) the order authorising the purchase is submitted to the Secretary of State before the expiration of three years from the date appointed under subsection (1) of the preceding section.

(3) Without prejudice to any other power in that behalf, a local planning authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, acquire by agreement any land in their area which is in an area of extensive war damage, or any land as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is required for providing for re-location of population or industry, or for replacement of open space, in the course of the redevelopment of a part of their area being an area of extensive war damage.

(4) An owner of any land as to which an order under section one of this Act or under subsection (2) of this section

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

315

has become operative may at any time after the expiration of Part I. five years from the date appointed under subsection (1) of —cont. the preceding section, if the acquisition under this Part of this Act of his interest in the land has not then become obligatory, give notice in writing to the local planning authority in whose area the land is situated that he desires to avail himself of the provisions of this subsection, and, where such a notice is given on any date, unless within three months from that date the acquisition of his interest has become obligatory or an authority on whom authorisation to purchase the land compulsorily has been or could be conferred under this Part of this Act has made to the owner an offer to purchase his interest at a price to be agreed, or in default of agreement at the like price, to be determined in the like manner, as if the purchase were compulsory, his interest shall be treated as excepted from the operation of any order under this section or under section four of this Act, whether made before or after the expiration of the said three months:

Provided that in a case in which the land in question either has not sustained war damage or has sustained .such damage but has been rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use, the Secretary of State shall have power, on application being made to him within the said three months by an authority on whom authorisation to purchase the land compulsorily has been or could be conferred, and after affording to the authority and to the owner an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose, to direct that the notice shall not have effect, but without prejudice to the giving of a further notice after such interval as the Secretary of State may specify.

Any question arising under the proviso to this subsection whether land has been rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of section eleven of this Act in that behalf.

(5) An authority shall comply with any requirements of the Secretary of State as to notification to other authorities concerned of the receipt by the authority of notices under the last preceding subsection.

3.—(1) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the Power to construction or improvement of a road is needed—

(a) outside an area of extensive war damage for the highways

purpose of securing a satisfactory lay-out for land in in connection that area, or of enabling any such land to be with areas of developed in the manner intended by the local plan- exte^jve ning authority, or ^thfcmd

(b) for the purpose of providing proper means of access needed for to land which is to be made available for providing re-location.

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

316

Part for re-location of population or industry, or for

~conU replacement of open space, in the course of the

redevelopment of such an area,

a local highway authority may, subject to the provisions of subsections (3) and (5) of this section, be authorised, by an order made by the authority and submitted to the Secretary of State and confirmed by him in accordance with die provisions of Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act, to purchase compulsorily any land as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied that its acquisition by the authority is requisite for the construction or improvement of the road, or for carrying out the improvement, or controlling the development, of frontages to the road or of lands abutting thereon or adjacent thereto.

(2) Where the Minister of War Transport is satisfied that the construction or improvement of a road is needed to supersede a part of a trunk road, the supersession whereof appears to him to be expedient for any such purpose as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (6) of the preceding subsection, he may, subject to the provisions of subsections (3) and (5) of this section, be authorised, by an order made by him m accordance with the provisions of Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act, to purchase compulsorily any land as to which he is satisfied that its acquisition by him is requisite for the construction or improvement of the road, or for carrying out the improvement, or controlling the development, of frontages to the road or of lands abutting thereon or adjacent thereto.

Expenses incurred by the Minister by virtue of this subsection snail be defrayed out of the Road Fund.

(3) Except in a case in which the Secretary of State or the Minister of War Transport, as the case may be, is satisfied that the land as to which the confirmation or making of an order under this section falls to be considered by him is required for the purposes of a project which was adequately set out in a statement submitted with an application for an order under section one of this Act which has been made, or for the purposes of a project which has been the subject of an inquiry

1 Edw. 8. & for the purposes of subsection (3) of section one of the Trunk 1 Geo. 6. c. 5. Roads Act, 1936, the notice required by paragraph 2 or paragraph 8, as the case may be, of the Second Schedule to this Act to be published shall be published not only as therein mentioned but also by being exhibited at such places in die locality to which the order relates as appear to the authority by whom it was submitted or to the Minister of War Transport, as the case may be, to be suitable for bringing it to the attention of all persons concerned.

(4) A local highway authority or the Minister of War Transport may enter into an agreement with an owner of any frontage to a road, or of any land abutting on or adjacent to

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

317

a road, imposing, so far as his interest in the land enables him Part I. to bind it, restrictions for controlling the development of the —cont. frontage or land; and any such agreement may, within three months after the date on which it was entered into, be recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines, and on being so recorded shall be enforceable by the local highway authority or the Minister, as the case may be, against the said owner and against any person deriving title from him.

(5) Where there is submitted to the Secretary of State, or the Minister of War Transport proposes to make, an order under this section authorising the compulsory purchase of any land forming a frontage to, or abutting on or adjacent to, a road, and the Secretary of State or the Minister of War Transport, as the case may be, is satisfied as respects the whole or any part of the land—

(a) that the purchase would be requisite only for the purpose of controlling development, and

(b) that every owner has entered, or is willing to enter, into such agreement with the local highway authority or the Minister as is provided for by the fast preceding subsection, or is bound by such an agreement, and that the agreement or proposed agreement is satisfactory for the said purpose,

the order shall not be confirmed or made so as to authorise the compulsory purchase of any part of the land as to which the Secretary of State or the Minister, as the case may be, is satisfied as aforesaid.

(6) A local highway authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, acquire by agreement any land which they could be authorised under this section to purchase compulsorily.

4.—(1) Where the purchase of any of the land as to which Power to an order under section one of this Act is in force— purchase for

the public

(a) appears to the Minister of Works and the Secretary of service, land State to be necessary for the public service, or designated

(b) appears to the Postmaster-General and the Secretary of State to be necessary for the purpose of the Post Office,

the Minister and the Secretary of State, or the Postmaster-

General and the Secretary of State, as the case may be, may

by an order made by them in accordance with the provisions

of Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act, provide that the

power to purchase land for the public service conferred by

section two of the Commissioners of Works Act, 1852, or the 15 & 16 Vict.

power to purchase land for the purpose of the Post Office c. 28.

le

3i8

Part I. —cont. 8 Edw. 7. c. 48.

Grants towards loan, charges in respect of acquisition and clearing of land for dealing with war damage.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

conferred by subsection (1) of section forty-six of the Post Office Act, 1908, as the case may be, shall in the case of that land be exercisable as a power to purchase compulsorily.

(2) Subsection (2) of section forty-six of the Post Office Act, 1908 (which provides for obtaining the sanction of Parliament for a purchase of land under that section compulsorily) shall not have effect in relation to a purchase of land made thereunder compulsorily pursuant to an order under this section.

(3) References in this Act to a purchase of land under this Part of this Act include references to a purchase made under the said section forty-six compulsorily pursuant to an order under this Part of this Act, and references in this Act to a Minister include references to the Postmaster-General.

5.—(1) Subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this section and of section seven of this Act, the Secretary of State may undertake to make, and may make, out of moneys provided by Parliament grants to a local planning authority as respects any moneys borrowed by the authority to defray the cost—

(a) of acquiring, in the exercise of powers conferred by this Part of this Act, any land in an area of extensive war damage, or of clearing, in the exercise of powers so conferred, any such land so acquired; or

*(6) of so acquiring or clearing any other land as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is required for providing for re-location of population or industry, or for replacement of open space, in the course of the redevelopment of such an area,

of the following amounts, that is to say,—

(i) as respects moneys borrowed to defray cost falling

within paragraph (a) of this subsection, of amounts equal to the loan charges which the authority are liable to pay for the period of two years beginning with the date on which the moneys were borrowed, together with such further amounts as are provided for by the following provisions of this section:

(ii) as respects moneys borrowed to defray cost falling within paragraph (6) of this subsection, of amounts 4 equal to the loan charges which the authority are liable to pay for such period as is mentioned in the last preceding paragraph, together with further amounts equal to one half of the loan charges which the authority are liable to pay for the period of two years beginning with the end of that period.

(2) Where the preceding subsection has effect as respects moneys borrowed to defray cost falling within paragraph (a) of that subsection, and the Secretary of State is satisfied that

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

319

during any of the eight years next following the end of the period of two years mentioned in paragraph (i) of that subsection the area of extensive war damage remains, by reason of such damage, incapable to any extent of being brought into use for any substantial purpose and that the rendering of it capable of being brought into use has been for the time being impracticable or could have been accomplished only in a manner involving wasteful expense or bad planning, he may make out of moneys provided by Parliament further grants in respect of the loan charges which the authority are liable to pay for that year, of an amount bearing to the amount of those charges such proportion as appears to the Secretary of State to be appropriate having regard to the extent to which during that year that area remains as aforesaid incapable of being brought into use.

The Secretary of State, with the consent of the Treasury, may, after consultation with such associations of local authorities as appear to him to be concerned, make rules as to the matters to which regard is to be had in determining the extent to which during any year an area of extensive war damage remains as aforesaid incapable of being brought into use, and in determining the proportion appearing to the Secretary of State to be appropriate as aforesaid, and as to the application of the provisions of this subsection where those provisions have effect as respects more than one authority in relation to the same area of extensive war damage; and in particular rules made under this subsection may provide that in such circumstances as may be specified by the rules a development of land need not be treated as the bringing of the land into use for a substantial purpose, notwithstanding that apart from such provision it would fall to be so treated, so long as the local planning authority in question are prevented by such circumstances relating to the area as may be specified by the rules from obtaining a return from the development which is substantial having regard to the nature thereof.

(3) Where it appears to the Secretary of State and the Treasury that by reason of special circumstances affecting the redevelopment of an area of extensive war damage the time required for redeveloping the area must necessarily extend beyond the period over which under the last preceding subsection further grants may be made, that period shall be extended by five years. 4

(4) For the purposes of this section, the Secretary of State may, in such cases as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine, treat land appropriated by a local planning authority for any of the purposes of this Part of this Act as if it had been acquired by them for that purpose in the

Part I. —coni.

320

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part l exercise of powers conferred by this Part of this Act at such

—com. cost as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the

Treasury determine, and as if the cost had been defrayed by the application, at the time of the appropriation, of moneys belonging to the authority.

(5) Where the cost of the acquisition by a local planning authority of any land is reduced by reason of the land being subject to a restriction on the development or use thereof imposed by or under any enactment, any payment made by the authority in connection with the restriction (whether by way of compensation or of contribution towards damage or expense incurred in consequence of the restriction), not exceeding the amount by which the said cost is reduced as aforesaid, shall be treated for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this section as if it had been part of the cost of the acquisition of the land, and as if it had been defrayed by the application, at the time of the acquisition, of moneys belonging to the authority.

(6) Where a local planning authority apply, or are treated as having applied, moneys belonging to the authority to defray any such cost as is mentioned in the preceding provisions of this section, those provisions shall have effect as if the said moneys had at the time of the application thereof been borrowed on such terms as to interest and rate of repayment as the Treasury may determine, and the authority were liable to pay loan charges in respect thereof accordingly.

Contributions of local planning authorities towards expenses of highway authorities under this Part, and grants in respect of such contributions.

6.—(1) A local planning authority may undertake to make, and may make, contributions towards the expense incurred by a local highway authority—

(a) in acquiring land, the acquisition of which by them is authorised under section three of this Act Dy reference to the requirements of an area of extensive war damage, the whole or any part of which is comprised in the area of the local planning authority, or by reference to the requirements of land to be made available for the purpose of providing for re-location of population or industry or for replacement of open space in the course of the redevelopment of such an area of extensive war damage;

(6) in carrying out any such construction or improvement as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section three of this Act by reference to such requirements as aforesaid; or

(c) in carrying out the construction or improvement of any road m such an area of extensive war damage as aforesaid.

y t

1945* Town and Country Ch. 33. 321

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(2) A local planning authority may undertake to make, Part i. and may make, contributions, as respects any road as to —com. which the Minister of War Transport is satisfied that the construction or improvement thereof is needed to supersede a

part of a trunk road the supersession whereof appears to him, by reference to such requirements as are mentioned in paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection, to be expedient as mentioned in subsection (2) of section three of this Act, towards the expense incurred by the Minister—

(a) in acquiring land for the construction or improvement of the road. Or for carrying out the improvement, or controlling the development, of frontages to the road or of lands abutting thereon or adjacent thereto;

(b) in carrying out the construction or improvement of the road or of any such frontages or lands.

Receipts of the Minister of War Transport under this subsection shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) Subject to the provisions of the next following section, the Secretary of State may undertake to make, and may make, out of moneys provided by Parliament grants to a local planning authority as respects any moneys borrowed by the authority—

(a) to defray the cost of contributions made by them under subsection (1) of this section towards the expense of acquiring and clearing land the acquisition of which is authorised as mentioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection, or

(b) where the authority is both the local planning authority and the local highway authority, to defray the cost of acquiring land as mentioned in the said paragraph (a) and clearing land so acquired, or

(c) to defray the cost of contributions made by them under the last preceding subsection towards the expense incurred by the Minister of War Transport in acquiring land as mentioned in paragraph (a) that subsection and clearing land so acquired,

of amounts equal to the loan charges which the local planning authority are liable to pay for the period of two years beginning with the date on which the moneys were borrowed.

(4) Subsection (6) of the last preceding section shall apply in relation to the last preceding subsection as it applies in relation to subsection (1) of that section.

7.—(1) It shall 'be a condition of the making of grants General pro-under either of the two last preceding sections— visions as to

(a) that there shall have been submitted to the Secretary of State such information as to the proposals of the X

322

Part I.

—cont.

Quinquennial review of financial effect of redevelopment.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

local planning authority for the lay-out and redevelopment of the area of extensive war damage and of any such other land as is mentioned in paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section five of this Act as the Secretary of State may require to enable a comparison to be made between the annual return to the authority from the carrying out of the redevelopment and the annual equivalent of the cost thereof; and

(b) that the proposals have been approved by the Secretary of State with the consent of the Treasury as being likely to result in an annual return and annual equivalent such as are mentioned in the preceding paragraph which are satisfactory in relation to one another, having regard to the circumstances of the area of extensive war damage and the requirements of a proper lay-out and redevelopment.

(2) The approval under the preceding subsection of any proposals may be made subject to compliance with requirements imposed by the Secretary of State for securing, to such extent as he may specify, that any valuation, or negotiations for the acquisition, of land in the area of extensive war damage to be acquired by the local planning authority under this Part of this Act, or of other land to be so acquired, being land such as is mentioned in paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of section five of this Act, will be carried out by the Valuation Office.

(3) Grants under either of the two last preceding sections shall be payable at such times and in such manner as the Treasury may direct and subject to such conditions as to records, certificates, audit or otherwise as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury impose.

8.—(1) An authority whose proposals for the redevelopment of any part of their area have been approved under the last preceding section shall, in such year as the Secretary of State may require and in each fifth year thereafter, submit to the Secretary of State such particulars as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury after consultation with such associations of local authorities as appear to the Secretary of State to be concerned, as respects such matters as may be so prescribed, with regard to the financial effect of the carrying out of the redevelopment to which the proposals, and any other proposals of the authority so approved, relate.

(2) Where it appears to the Secretary of State, having regard to particulars submitted by an authority in pursuance of the preceding subsection, taken together with any previous

1945-

Town and Country Ch. 33. 323

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

particulars so submitted, that a net gain has accrued to the Part i authority from the carrying out of the redevelopment to which —cont'

the statement or statements in question relate, he may notify the authority accordingly, and after considering any representations made by the authority may certify the amount thereof; and the amount certified, less any amount previously certified under this subsection, shall be applied in repayment to the Secretary of State of grants made to the authority under subsection (2) or (3) of section five of this Act.

(3) Receipts of the Secretary of State under the last preceding subsection shall be paid into the Exchequer.

Acquisition of land for certain planning purposes.

9.—(1) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is Power to requisite, for the purpose of dealing satisfactorily with con - Purchase land ditions of bad lay-out and obsolete development in the area of tin^to* a local planning authority, that a part or parts of their area, redevefopment consisting of land shown to his satisfaction to be land where of areas of such conditions exist or of such land together with other land bad lay-out contiguous or adjacent thereto, or such a part or parts of their and obsolete area together with land outside their area contiguous or development-adjacent thereto, should be laid out afresh and redeveloped as a whole, the authority may be authorised to purchase compulsorily any land in such a part of their area, and any such land outside their area as aforesaid, by an order made by the authority and submitted to the Secretary of State and confirmed by him in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act.

References in the following provisions of this section to a part of the area of an authority as to which the Secretary of State is so satisfied include references to land as to which he is so satisfied consisting of a part of the area of the authority together with land outside their area but contiguous or adjacent thereto.

(2) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied as aforesaid as to a part of the area of a local planning authority and is further satisfied that land is or will be required for the purpose of providing for re-location of population or industry, or for replacement of open space, in the course of the redevelopment thereof, the authority may be authorised in manner mentioned in subsection (1) of this section to purchase compulsorily any land which ought in the opinion of the Secretary of State to be made available for that purpose.

In this Act the expressions " re-location of population or industry," and " replacement of open space," have, in relation to a part of the area of a local planning authority as to which

3«4

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

the Secretary of State is satisfied as aforesaid, the like meanings as are assigned to those expressions respectively by section one of this Act in relation to an area of extensive war damage.

(3) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section as to a part of the area of a local planning authority, a local highway authority may be authorised in manner therein mentioned to purchase compulsorily any land as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied that its acquisition by that authority is, in relation to the part in question of the area of the local planning authority, requisite as mentioned in subsection (1) of section three of this Act in relation to an area of extensive war damage, and the Minister of War Transport may be authorised, by an order made by him in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act, to purchase compulsorily any land as to which he is satisfied that its acquisition by him is, in relation to the part in question of the area of the local planning authority, requisite as mentioned in subsection (2) of section three of this Act in relation to an area of extensive war damage:

Provided that the power to authorise compulsory purchase conferred by this subsection shall be subject to the limitation specified in subsection (5) of section three of this Act as regards cases in which owners have entered, or are willing to enter, into agreements for controlling the development of frontages or other land.

(4) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section as to a part of the area of a local planning authority, and the purchase of any land in that part of that area, or of any land being land that is to be made available for the purpose of providing for re-location of population or industry, or for replacement of open space, in the course of the redevelopment of that part of that area or land adjacent to such land,—

(a) appears to the Minister of Works and the Secretary of State to be necessary for the public service, or

(b) appears to the Postmaster-General and the Secretary of State to be necessary for the purpose of the Post Office,

the Minister of Works and the Secretary of State, or the Postmaster-General and the Secretary of State, as the case may be, may make in relation to that land in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act such an order authorising the compulsory purchase thereof as is mentioned in section four of this Act.

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

Ch. 33.

325

Subsection (2) of section forty-six of the Post Office Act, Part Jm 1908, shall not have effect in relation to a purchase of land made under that section compulsorily pursuant to an order under this subsection.

(5) Without prejudice to any other power in that behalf, a local planning authority or a local highway authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, acquire by agreement any land which they could be authorised under this section to purchase compulsorily.

(6) The provisions of subsections (1) and (2) of section six of this Act as to the making of contributions by a local planning authority towards expenses incurred by a local highway authority and the Minister of War Transport shall, with the necessary modifications, apply in relation to a part of the area of a local planning authority as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and in relation to land to be made available for the purpose of providing for re-location of population or industry, or for replacement of open space, in the course of the redevelopment of such a part of their area, as those provisions apply in relation to an area of extensive war damage the whole or any part of which is comprised in the area of a local planning authority and in relation to land to be made available for the purpose for providing for such re-location or replacement in the* course of the redevelopment of such an area of extensive war damage.

(7) Expenses of the Minister of War Transport under subsection (3) of this section shall be defrayed out of the Road Fund, and receipts of the Minister under the last preceding subsection shall De paid into the Exchequer.

10.-(i) A local planning authority may be authorised by Power to an order made by the authority and submitted to the Secre- purchase land tary of State and confirmed by him in accordance with the^r^111 provisions of Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act tOpurposes purchase compulsorily any land as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied that its acquisition by the authority is expedient on the ground that land is or will be required—

(a) as a site for development of any class which is needed for the proper planning of the area of the authority, whether in its existing state or as intended, in order to secure a proper balance of development;

(b) for use as a public open space or a playing-field;

(c) as a site for development for a purpose the furtherance whereof is in the public interest, in substitution for land on which it is desired to carry out development for that purpose, whether consisting of the

326

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

— con.

making good of war damage or of any other operation, but on which that development cannot be allowed consistently with the proper planning of the area of the authority;

(d) for providing accommodation for persons or undertakings who are for the time being living or carrying on business or other activities elsewhere by reason of war circumstances, but who would be likely to return or come to the area of the authority, or to a particular part of their area, if accommodation elsewhere is not provided, and whose location in their area, or in that part thereof, as the case may be, would be inconsistent with the proper planning thereof;

and that the land in question ought to be made available for meeting that requirement:

Provided that a local planning authority shall not be authorised under this subsection to acquire land to meet a requirement falling within paragraph (c) or (d) thereof if the Secretary of State is satisfied that the nature of the require-ment and other circumstances are not such as to fender it expedient in the public interest that the land to be used for meeting the requirement should J>e acquired by a local planning authority, that a person other than a local planning authority is able and willing to meet the requirement at such time and in such manner as may be requisite, and that land is available therefor on reasonable terms.

(2) A local planning authority may be authorised in manner mentioned in subsection (1) of this section to purchase compulsorily—

(a) land in, or in the neighbourhood of,'a part of their area being an area of extensive war damage which, for the purposes of the laying out afresh and redevelopment of that area, ought in the opinion of the Secretary of State to be dealt with together with land in that area as to which an order under section one of this Act or under subsection (2) of section two thereof has come into operation;

(b) land as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied that its acquisition by the authority is expedient on the ground that land is or will be required, in the course of the redevelopment of a part of the area of the authority being an area of extensive war damage or of land in the neighbourhood of such a part of their area, for the purpose of re-location of population or industry or of replacement of open space, and that the land in question ought to be made available for meeting that requirement.

﻿*945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

327

(3) A local planning authority may be authorised in manner Part I.

aforesaid to purchase compulsorily land in the area of the —cont.

authority as to which the Secretary of State is satisfied that,

by reason of the land being derelict and likely otherwise to remain so for a considerable period, it is expedient that it should be acquired by the authority with a view to securing that it is brought into use.

(4) Without prejudice to any other power in that behalf, a local planning authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, acquire by agreement—

(a) any land which they could be authorised under this section to purchase compulsorily; or

(b) any land on which it is desired to carry out the making good of war damage or other development but on which that development cannot be allowed consistently with the proper planning of the area of the authority.

(5) In paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section the expression " accommodation" means accommodation for residential purposes or for the, carrying on of business or other activities, together with all appropriate public services, facilities for public worship, recreation ana amenity and other requirements'.

11.—(1) Where the Treasury have certified for the pur-Obligation to poses of this section that, having regard to the availability PurchafJ? of labour and material, the making good of war damage has land

in general become practicable in the case of buildings of any development description (whether defined by reference to character or permission situation or other circumstances), and an interim development refnsed. application is made after the time so certified as respects land winch has been rendered, and remains, incapable of reasonably beneficial use in consequence of war damage to buildings or works thereon, being land which before the occurrence of the damage comprised buildings of the description in question, then if—

(a) a decision is given (whether by the interim development authority or by the Secretary of State) refusing permission for the development, or granting permission therefor for a limited period only or (where the application is for permission for a limited period only) granting the permission for a period shorter than the period applied for, and

(b) the development could, apart from the provisions of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Acts,

1932 and 1943, at the time of the application have been lawfully carried out and there is no alternative development of the land for which permission would

328

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part 1.

—cont.

be granted and which could be lawfully carried out within a reasonable period from the time of the application so as to render the land capable of reasonably beneficial use,

any owner of the land may, by notice in writing given to the local planning authority within six months from the date of the decision on the application, require the authority to purchase his interest in the land, and, subject to the provisions of this section, where such a notice is given the authority shall be deemed as from the date on which the notice takes effect in accordance with the following provisions of this section to have been authorised to purchase the interest compulsorily and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof on that date.

(2) Where notice is given to a local planning authority requiring them to purchase an interest in pursuance of the preceding subsection, the authority shall as soon as may be notify to the Secretary of State that the notice has been given, and also whether in their opinion the conditions precedent to the valid giving of the notice are fulfilled, and thereupon the Secretary of State—

(a) if he is of opinion that a decision falling within paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection should not have been given, may within the period of two months from the receipt of the notification direct that there shall be substituted for the decision given such decision not falling within that paragraph as appears to him to be expedient, and that the notice shall not take effect;

(b) if he is satisfied that any of the conditions precedent to the valid giving of the notice is not fulfilled, shall within the said period direct that the notice shall not take effect;

(c) if he is satisfied that, having regard to the benefit which would accrue to the owner m question from the land or any part thereof either in its existing state or if there were carried out thereon any alternative development for which permission would be granted and which could be lawfully carried out within a reasonable period, it is equitable so to do, may within the said period of two months direct that the notice shall not take effect, or shall take effect only as respects such part of the land as may be specified in the direction;

(d) if he is satisfied that, having regard to the probable ultimate use of all or any part of the land as respects which the notice is to take effect, it is expedient so to do, may direct that as respects the said land or

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

part thereof the authorisation to purchase and notice to treat referred to in the preceding subsection shall be deemed to have been given and served respectively to and by such county council or town council of a small burgh as may be specified in the direction in lieu of the local planning authority;

and subject to any direction given under this subsection, the notice shall take effect at the expiration of the said period of two months:

Provided that where the Secretary of State proposes to give a direction under this subsection, he shall give notice of the

nosal, with such particulars as appear to him requisite, e persons concerned, that is to say,—

(i) as respects a direction under paragraph (a), (6) or (c) of this subsection, the owner in question, the local planning authority and the interim development authority (if that authority is not the local planning authority),

(ii) in the case of a direction under paragraph ( of this subsection, the local planning authority and the county council or town council in question,

and if any of the persons concerned desire to make representations with respect to the proposed direction, the Secretary of State shall not determine whether or not to give the direction until he has afforded to the persons concerned an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose.

Where the Secretary of State gives a direction under paragraph (d) of this subsection, he shall as soon as may be give notice thereof to the owner in question.

(3) As respects any application for permission to develop land which has been rendered, and remains, incapable of reasonably beneficial use in consequence of war damage to buildings or works thereon, the power of an interim development authority under subsection (2) of section two of the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) (Scotland) Act, 1943, to postpone the consideration of an interim c. development application—

(a) shall not be exercisable where the application is made after the time certified under subsection (1) of this section in relation to any description of buildings which would be comprised in the land after the carrying out of the development for permission for which application is made;

(6) where the application is made before the said time, shall not be exercisable so as to postpone the consideration of the application beyond the said time.

329

Part I.

—cont.

& 7 Geo. 6, 43-

33

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

(4) The provisions of subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall apply in relation to an application for permission for development made under a planning scheme as they apply in relation to an interim development application, but with the substitution for the references to the interim development authority of a reference to the responsible authority (that is to say, the authority responsible for enforcing and carrying out the relevant provisions of the scheme), and for the reference in paragraph (6) of the said subsection (1) to development for which permission would be granted of a reference to development which could be carried out in conformity with the provisions of the scheme or of permission granted thereunder.

(5) Any question arising under this section or under the proviso to subsection (4) of section two of this Act as to the meaning of the expression " reasonably beneficial use " shall be determined as follows: —

(a) land shall be deemed to have been Tendered incapable of reasonably beneficial use if it was immediately after the occurrence of the war damage in question in a state such as to make it incapable of being as beneficially used while remaining in that state as it was immediately before the occurrence of the damage, and shall be deemed to remain incapable of reasonably beneficial use so long as it is in such a state as aforesaid;

(b) land shall be deemed to have been rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use, and an alternative development of land shall be deemed to be such as would render land capable of reasonably beneficial use, if the land has been brought, or the development would bring the land, as the case may be, mto a state such as to make it capable of being as beneficially used while remaining in that state as it was immediately before the occurrence of the war damage in question.

(6) In determining whether there is alternative development which could be carried out so as to render land capable of reasonably beneficial use, regard shall be had to the extent to which any use would involve foregoing the benefit of any buildings or works or parts thereof remaining on the land and still having value.

(7) For the purposes of paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of this section, alternative development may be treated as being such as could be carried out so as to render land capable of reasonably beneficial use, notwithstanding that it would not otherwise be so treated, if it is equitable so to do having

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

331

regard to any contribution which the owner will receive under Part I. subsection (4) of section ten of the Town and Country Plan-ning (Scotland) Act, 1932, in respect of the refusal of an in-£2 23 terim development application, and in considering whether it is equitable to give a direction under paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of this section, the Secretary of State shall have regard to any such contribution.

(8) Any question arising under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section or under the last preceding subsection shall be determined by the Secretary of State; and, subject to the preceding provisions of this subsection, any such question as is mentioned in subsection (5) of this section shall be determined by the War Damage Commission.

(9) The purchase of any interest by a local authority in purported pursuance of this section shall be conclusive evidence that every condition precedent to the authority being empowered to purchase the interest has been fulfilled:

Provided that this subsection shall not prejudice the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, or the effect of any direction given under that subsection.

(10) A county council or the town council of any burgh may contribute towards the expenses incurred by a local planning authority under this section, and any expenditure incurred under this subsection by any such council, not being a local planning authority, shall be defrayed in manner provided by section forty-nine of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932.

(n) References in this Act to land which has been acquired and is for the time being held by a local planning authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act include references to land acquired by such an authority under this section which has not been disposed of by them, or appropriated by them for any such purpose as is mentioned in subsection (3) of section eighteen of this Act.

General provisions as to the acquisition of land under Part I.

12.—(1) Any authorisation of the compulsory purchase of power to land outside file area of a local planning authority which authorise under the preceding provisions of this Act could be given to purchase by that authority (in this section referred to as " the promoting auriiority^8 authority ") may in lieu of being given to the promoting area where authority be given, in the like manner and subject to the land is, in like conditions, to the local planning authority in whoselieu of by area the land is situated (in this section referred to as " thean?Sff. area authority "). authority-

332

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

(2) The area authority may, in connection with the giving to them of an authorisation under this section, enter into an agreement with the promoting authority containing any terms approved by the Secretary of State as to any matters relating to the carrying out of the purpose for which the purchase in question may be authorised, and in particular, in the case of a purchase for the purpose of providing for re-location of population or industry in the course of the redevelopment of a part of the area of the promoting authority, as to the lay-out and manner of use of the land to be purchased and as to rendering accommodation provided therein available for persons or undertakings from the area of the promoting authority.

(3) Before giving an authorisation to the area authority under this section, the Secretary of State shall consult the promoting authority, and shall afford them an opportunity of negotiating with the area authority for such an agreement as aforesaid; and, if thereafter it appears to the Secretary of State that the authorisation should be given to the area authority but no such agreement has been made, he may as a condition of giving it require the area authority to give to the promoting authority an undertaking to observe such terms as to any of the matters aforesaid as appear to him to be expedient.

(4) The terms of an agreement entered into or undertaking given under this section may be varied from time to time by agreement made between the promoting authority and the area authority with the approval of the Secretary of State, and may at the instance .of either of those authorities be varied by the Secretary of State after consultation with the other; and any direction or decision which the Secretary of State has power to give under any enactment shall have effect notwithstanding that it may be inconsistent with anything that would otherwise have been required by virtue of any such terms:

Provided that, before giving a direction or decision appearing to the Secretary of State to involve any such inconsistency, he shall consult the promoting authority.

(5) The Secretary of State may give his consent to the acquisition by agreement by the area authority of any land for the compulsory purchase of which by them an authorisation could be given under this section, subject as is provided by this section as regards such an authorisation, and accordingly references in subsections (2) and (3) of this section to an authorisation shall include references to such consent, and the area authority may, without prejudice to any other power in that behalf, acquire by agreement any land as to which such consent is given.

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

333

13.—(1) The preceding provisions of this Act as to the Part I.

manner in which authorisation may be given for the com- —cont.

pulsory purchase of land under the several enactments in that Modifications behalf contained in those provisions shall have effect subject procedure and to the provisions of this section in the case of land to which compensation this section applies, that is to say, land which is used for the for purchase in purpose of the carrying on of a statutory undertaking, or in?^?f which an interest is held for that purpose, other than any carrying on such land which is in respect of its nature or situation compar- of statutory able rather with the generality of land as respects which those undertakings, enactments have effect than with the generality of land which is used, or in which interests are held, for the purpose of the carrying on of statutory undertakings.

(2) Any question arising in relation to an authorisation of a compulsory purchase under any of the said enactments whether land is land to which this section applies shall be determined by the Minister having jurisdiction to authorise a compulsory purchase thereunder in the case of land other than land to which this section applies and the appropriate Minister.

(3) If with respect to any of the land as respects which an order authorising a compulsory purchase under any of the said enactments is submitted, or is proposed to be made, in accordance with the procedure therein mentioned, the person carrying on a statutory undertaking makes to the appropriate Minister, in the prescribed manner and within the time within which objections to the order may be made, a representation that it is land to which this section applies and a request that it should be excluded from the order, and it is determined that it is land to which this section applies, then, subject to the provisions of subsection (5) of this section, the order shall, if it relates only to that land, not be confirmed or not be made, as the case may be, or, if it relates in part to that land, be modified so as to exclude it.

(4) A compulsory purchase of land under any of the said enactments may, in the case of land to which this section applies, be authorised—

(a) in the case of a purchase by a local planning authority or a local highway authority, by an order made by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the Third Schedule to this Act on the application of that authority; or

(1 b)in the case of a purchase by a Minister, by an order made by the Minister having jurisdiction by virtue

334

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I*

—cont.

of the enactment in question to authorise a compulsory purchase thereunder and the appropriate Minister in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the Third Schedule to this Act:

Provided that if any objection to an application for, or proposal to make, an order giving an authorisation in accordance with this subsection is duly made by the person carrying on a statutory undertaking for the purpose of the carrying on of which an interest in any land to which the application or proposal relates is held, or any such land is used, and is not withdrawn, any order made thereon shall be provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament.

(5) Where an order in relation to which subsection (3) of this section would apart from this subsection have effect as respects any land is an order under subsection (1) of section two or under section four of this Act authorising the compulsory purchase of that land as being land as to which an order under section one of this Act is in force, the following provisions shall have effect, that is to say—

(a) subsection (3) of this section shall not have effect as

respects the land in question unless within the time allowed for making objections to the application for the relevant order under section one of this Act the person carrying on a statutory undertaking has made to the appropriate Minister in the prescribed manner a representation that the land in question is land to which this section applies;

(b) where such a representation is so made as respects any land, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister may make under this subsection an order which shall be provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament, declaring that it is expedient that that land should be subject to compulsory purchase, and if such an order has taken effect as respects the land in question, subsection (3) of this‘Section shall not have effect as respects it.

(6) The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect, as respects the interest of the person by whom the undertaking in question is being carried on, as to the compensation to be paid in respect of a compulsory purchase under this Part of this Act of land to which this section applies, including compensation to be estimated in connection with the purchase for damage sustained by reason of the severing of land the subject thereof from other land held therewith or otherwise injuriously affecting such other land, and compensation to be so estimated for disturbance or any other matter not directly based on the value of land.

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

335

(7) In this Act the expression " statutory undertaking " Part i.

means any of the following undertakings the carrying on of —coni

which is authorised by any Act (whether public general or

local) or by any order or scheme made under, or confirmed by, an Act, that is to say,—

(a) railway, light railway, tramway, road transport, water transport, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, pier and lighthouse undertakings;

(b) undertakings for the supply of electricity, gas, hydraulic power or water;

and as respects statutory undertakings the expression " the appropriate Minister " means—

(i) in relation to an undertaking falling within para-

graph (a) of this subsection, the Mmister of War Transport;

(ii) in relation to an undertaking for the supply of electricity, gas or hydraulic power, the Minister of Fuel and Power;

(iii) in relation to an undertaking for the supply of water, the Secretary of State;

and in this Act any reference to the Minister of War Transport and the appropriate Minister shall be construed, in relation to any undertaking falling within paragraph (a) of this subsection, as a reference to the Minister of War Transport, and any reference to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister shall be construed in relation to any undertaking for the supply of water as a reference to the Secretary of State.

(8) If any question arises, in relation to anything required or authorised to be done under this Act, which Minister was or is the appropriate Minister as defined in this section, the question shall be determined by the Treasury.

14.—(1) Where an order under this Part of this Act M

authorises the compulsory purchase by a local planning to purchase authority or a local highway authority of any land forming and appro-part of any common or open space, the order, so far as it Potion of relates to die acquisition of such land, shall be provisional °£fn spaces* only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament, except where the Secretary of State is satisfied—

(a) that there has been or will be given in exchange for such land other land, not being less in area, and being equally advantageous to the persons, if any, entitled to rights of common or other rights, and to the public, and that the land given in exchange has been or will be vested in the persons in whom the land purchased was vested, and subject to the like

336

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I. —coni.

rights, trusts and incidents as attached to the land purchased; or

(b) that the land is required for the widening of an existing highway and that the giving in exchange of other land is unnecessary, whether in the interests of the persons, if any, entitled to rights of common or other rights or in the interests of the public,

and certifies accordingly.

(2) A local planning authority may be authorised, by an order made by the authority and submitted to the Secretary of State and confirmed by him, to appropriate for the purposes of this Part of this Act any land for file time being held by them for other purposes being land to which this subsection applies, that is to say, land which is, or forms part of, a common or open space (including any such land which is specially regulated by any public general or local enactment):

Provided that an order under this subsection shall be provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament, except as mentioned in the preceding subsection.

(3) Where it is proposed to certify as aforesaid, the Secretary of State shall give public notice of his intention so to do, and—

(a) after affording opportunity to all persons interested to make representations and objections in relation thereto, and

(b) after causing a public local inquiry to be held in any case where it appears to him to be expedient so to do, having regard to any representations or objections made,

may, after considering any representations and objections made and, if an inquiry has been held, the report of the person who made the inquiry, give the certificate.

(4) So soon as may be after the giving of a certificate under this section the local planning authority or the local highway authority shall publish by Gazette and local advertisement a notice in the prescribed form stating that the certificate has been given.

(5) Where—

(a) a purchasing authority have been authorised under any enactment in this Part of this Act to purchase compulsorily land forming part of a common or open space, or

(b) a local planning authority have been authorised under subsection (2) of this section to appropriate any such land,

1945-

Town and Country Ch. 33. 337

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

the authority may be authorised, in a case falling within Part i.

paragraph (a) of this subsection in accordance with the pro- —en-

visions of the enactment therein mentioned, and in a case falling within paragraph (6) thereof in accordance with the provisions of section ten of this Act, to purchase compulsorily, or they may acquire by agreement, land for giving in exchange for the land purchased or appropriated:

Provided that the power of a local planning authority or a local highway authority under this subsection to acquire land by agreement shall be exercisable only with the consent of the Secretary of State.

(6) Section forty Of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 19 & 20 Geo. 5. 1929, (which contains provisions as to the appropriation by c. 25.

local .authorities *of land vested in them) shall not apply to land to which subsection (2) of this section applies and which is for the time being held by aJocal planning authority.

(7) In the case of an appropriation • under this section of land acquired under any enactment incorporating section six

of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845,8 & 9 vict. or under any order made under any enactment and incor- c. 33. porating that section, any work executed on the land after the appropriation has been effected shall, for the purposes of the said section six, be deemed to have been authorised by the enactment or order under which the land was acquired.

(8) In this section the expression " common " includes any town or village green, and the expression " open space f> t means any land laid out as a public garden, or used for the' purposes of public recreation, or any disused burial ground,

15.—(1) If any person aggrieved by an order under section Validity and one of this Act, or an order authorising a compulsory pur- date of chase of land under any enactment in this Part of this Act, or a certificate or order under the last preceding section, desires 0 ers'e c* to question the validity thereof, or of any provision contained therein, on the ground that it is not within the powers of this Act or that any requirement of this Act or of any regulation made thereunder has not been complied with in relation to the order or certificate, he may, within twenty-eight days from the date on which notice of the making or confirmation of the order by the Minister having jurisdiction to make or confirm such an order, or notice of the giving of the certificate, is first published in accordance with the provisions of this Act in that behalf, make an application to the Court of Session, and on any such application the Court—

(a) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order or any provision contained therein, or of the certificate, either generally or in so far as it afiects

Y

338

Part I.

—cont.

Recording of orders, etc., in register of sasines.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts, etc., with modifications, including modifications providing for expedited completion of purchases.

9 & io Geo. 5. c- 57-

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

any property of the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings; and *

(b) if satisfied that the order or any provision contained therein, or the certificate, is not within the powers of this Act or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of .this Act or of any regulation made thereunder not having been complied with, may quash the order or any provision contained therein, or the certificate, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the preceding subsection, such an order or certificate shall not, either before or after it has been made or confirmed or given as aforesaid, be questioned in any legal proceedings whatsoever.

(3) Except by leave of the Court of Session, no appeal shall lie to the House of Lords from a decision of the Court of Session under this section.

(4) Subject to the provisions of subsection (1) .of this section, such an order or certificate shall become operative on the date on which notice of the making or confirmation of the order or of the giving of the certificate is first published in accordance with the provisions of this Act in that behalf.

(5) This section shall not apply to an order which is provisional only and is of no effect until confirmed by Parliament.

16. —(1) The authority on whose application an order under section one of this Act is made, and the purchasing authority under an order authorising a compulsory purchase of land under any enactment in this Part of this Act, shall, as soon as may be after the order.becomes operative, record it in the appropriate Register of Sasines.

(2) Any direction given by an authority under subsection (13) of section one of this Act shall, as soon as may be after it has been given, be recorded by the authority in the appropriate Register of Sasines.

17. —r(i) The Lands Clauses Acts and section six of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, are hereby incorporated with this Part of this Act, subject to any necessary adaptations and to the provisions of Part I of the Fifth Schedule to this Act.

(2) The Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall, in its application for the purposes of this Part of this Act have effect subject to any necessary adaptations and subject to the provisions of Part II of the Fifth Schedule to this Act.

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(3) If the Minister having jurisdiction to confirm or make an order authorising a compulsory purchase of land under this Act (including such an order giving an authorisation in accordance with subsection (4) of section thirteen of this Act) is satisfied when he confirms or makes the order that it is requisite that the purchasing authority should have power, as respects the whole or any part of the land, to enter thereon and to secure the vesting thereof in the authority before the expiration of the time that would be needed for service of notices to treat, and the order as submitted or the draft of the order or the application therefor, as the case may be, contained, or included an application for, a direction in that behalf—

(a) the order may direct that the provision’s of the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall apply to the order as respects all or any of the-land to which the order relates, being land as to which the Minister is satisfied as aforesaid; and

(b) where such an order applies those provisions the said Schedule shall have effect in relation to the order accordingly, and notices to treat shall be deemed to have been served subject to and in accordance with the provisions thereof.

An order which so directs is in this Act referred to as a " purchase order providing for expedited completion/' 4

(4) An order authorising a compulsory purchase of land under any enactment in this Part of this Act may provide that section seventy of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845 (which relates to the exception of minerals from purchases!, and sections seventy-one to seventy-eight of that Act (which relate to restrictions on the working of minerals) as originally enacted and not as amended for certain purposes by section fifteen of the Mines (Working 13 & 14 Geo. 5. Facilities and Support) Act, 1923, or the said section seventy c- 2°-

only, shall be incorporated with this Part of this Act as respects all or any of the land thereby authorised to be purchased, subject to such modifications of references to the railway or works, or to the company, as may be specified in the order, and for the purposes of any such incorporation this Part of this Act (together, in the case of a purchase under section four of this Act or subsection (4) of section nine of this Act, with the relevant enactment mentioned in section four of this Act) and the order shall be deemed to be the special Act.

339

Part I.

—cont.

Ch. 33.

34<>

Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Part I. —cont. Disposal or appropriation by local planning authority of land held by them for purposes of this Part.

Powers in relation to land acquired or appropriated.

18.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect with respect to the aisposal or appropriation by a local planning authority of land which has been acquired or appropriated and is for the time being held by them for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(2) Subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section, the authority may dispose of any such land to such person, in such manner and subject to such conditions as may appear to them to be expedient in order to secure the best use of that or other land and any buildings or works which have been, or are to be, erected, constructed or carried out thereon, whether by themselves or by any other person, or to secure the erection, construction or carrying out thereon of any buildings or works appearing to them to be needed for the proper planning of the area of the authority; and subject to the provisions of subsection (5) of this section any land so disposed of shall not, except with the consent of the Secretary of State, be disposed of otherwise than at the best price or on the best terms that can reasonably be obtained.

(3) Subject to the provisions of subsection (4I of this section, the authority may appropriate any such land for any purpose for which they are or may be authorised in any capacity to acquire land by virtue of or under any enactment other than this Part of this Act.

(4) The consent of the Secretary of State shall be requisite to any disposal or appropriation of land by a local planning authority under this section, and may be given as respects either a particular disposal or appropriation or disposals or appropriations of any class, and either subject to or free from any conditions or limitations. 5

(5) The powers conferred by this section on a local planning authority in respect of the disposal of land thereunder, and on the Secretary of State in respect of consent to such disposal, shall be so exercised as to secure so far as may be practicable to persons who were living, or caiTying on business or other activities, on land which the authority have acquired for the purposes of this Part of this Act, who desire to obtain accommodation on such land, and who are willing to comply with any requirements of the authority as to the development and use of such land, an opportunity to obtain accommodation thereon on terms settled with due regard to the price at which any such land has been acquired from them.

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

34i

(6) Where land is disposed of under this section by a local Part i. planning authority to any person for the erection of a church —cont. or other building for rehgous worship or buildings ancillary thereto, then, unless the parties otherwise agree, such disposal

shall be by way of feu.

(7) Where representations are made to the Secretary of State—

(a) that a local planning authority have refused to dispose of any land under this section to any person or to agree with him as to the manner in which, or the terms or conditions on or subject to which, it is to be disposed of to him; and

(b) that the refusal constitutes unfair discrimination against that person or is otherwise oppressive,

the Secretary of State may cause the representations to be intimated to the authority; and after considering any statement in writing made to him by the authority, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, cause a public local inquiry to be held and after considering the report of the person appointed to hold the inquiry (if any), may, if it appears to him that the representations are well founded and that it is expedient as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section that the authority should dispose of the land under this section to that person, require the authority to offer to dispose of it to him, and give directions as to the manner of the disposal and as to all or any of the terms or conditions on or subject to which it is to be offered to him.

(8) In the exercise of the powers conferred by this section, a local planning authority shall have regard to the desirability of preserving features of special architectural or historic interest, and in particular buildings included in any list compiled or approved under the provisions of section forty-one of this Act, and the Secretary of State shall not give his consent to the disposal or appropriation under this section of any land comprising a building included in such a list unless either—

(a) the consent is given subject to such conditions or limitations as in the opinion of the Secretary of State will secure the preservation of the building; or

(b) the Secretary of State is satisfied, after causing such particulars as appear to him requisite of the disposal or appropriation for which his consent is sought to be published by Gazette and local advertisement not less than twenty-eight days before he gives his decision on the application for his consent, that the purpose which the local planning authority seek to

342

Part I.

—cont.

Power of local planning authority to carry out development of land held by them for purposes of this Part.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

achieve by the proposed exercise of their powers under this section is one which ought in the public interest to be carried out, and either that the preservation of the building would prevent the carrying out of that purpose, whether by the use of the land in question or otherwise, or that the effect of preserving the building on the carrying out as aforesaid of the said purpose would be such that notwithstanding the desirability of preserving the building it is inexpedient so to do.

In this subsection the expression " preservation/* in relation to a building, means the preservation thereof either in its existing state or subject only to such alterations or extensions as can be carried out without serious detriment to its character.

(9) In this section (except in subsection (6)) references to disposal of land shall be construed as references to disposal thereof in any manner (otherwise than by appropriation) whether by way of sale, feu, excambion or lease, by the creation of any servitude, right or privilege, or in any other manner, except disposal by way of gift or in security.

(10) In relation to land which has been acquired or appropriated and is for the time being held by a local planning authority for the purposes of this Fart of this Act, this section shall have effect to the exclusion of the provisions of any enactment, other than this Part of this Act, by virtue of or under which the authority are or may be authorised to dispose of or appropriate land held by them.

19.—(1) The functions of a local planning authority shall include power for the authority , notwithstanding any limitation imposed by law on the capacity of such a body by virtue of its constitution, to erect, construct or carry out on land which has been acquired or appropriated and is for the time being held by them for the purposes of this Part of this Act any building or work not being a building or work for the erection, construction or carrying out of which, whether by them or by any other person, statutory power already exists by virtue of or under an enactment other than this Fart of this Act, or could be conferred under an enactment other than this Part of this Act,

(2) The consent of the Secretary of State shall be requisite to any exercise by a local planning authority of the power conferred on them by the preceding subsection, and may be given as respects either a particular operation or operations of any class, and either subject to or free from any conditions or limitations.

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

343

(3) The Secretary of State shall not give his consent for the purposes of the last preceding subsection as respects any operation if it appears to him that a person other than .the local planning authority is able and willing to carry it out at such time and in such manner as may be reqmsite for meeting the purpose for which it is needed, on the assumption that the land in question will be made available to him on such terms and subject to such conditions as might reasonably be agreed between the authority and him:

Provided that the limitation imposed by this subsection shall not have effect in the case of subsequent operations forming part of a project for the initiation of which the authority have incurred expenditure if those operations ought in the opinion of the Secretary of State to be carried out by them in order to enable them to balance their expenditure in connection with the project as a whole.

(4) Where a local planning authority propose to carry out any operation which they would have power to carry out by virtue only of subsection (1) of this section, they shall notify the Secretary’ of State of their proposal, and the Secretary of State may direct such advertisement by the authority as appears to him to be requisite for the purposes of the two last preceding subsections.

(5) The functions of a local planning authority shall include power for the authority, notwithstanding any such limitation as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, to repair, maintain and insure any buildings or works on such land as is mentioned in the said subsection (1), and generally to deal therewith in a proper course of management.

(6) Subsection (8) of the last preceding section shall apply to the power conferred on a local planning authority by subsection (1) of this section as it applies to the powers conferred by that section, with the substitution for references to die disposal or appropriation of land of references to the carrying out of any such operation as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

(7) A local planning authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, enter mto arrangements with an authorised association, as defined in section thirty-four of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, or with any other association which may be approved by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this subsection, for the carrying out by the association of any operation which, apart from the arrangements, the local planning authority would have power under this section to carry out, on such terms (including terms

Part I.

—con/.

le

344

Part I.

—cont*

Power of local highway authority to construct new roads for purposes of this Part.

9 Edw. 7. c. 47.

Authorisation of develop* ment on land acquired for purposes of this Part notwithstanding interference with servitudes, etc.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 19.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

as to the making of payments or loans by the authority to the association) as may be specified in the arrangements:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as authorising such an association to carry out any operation which they would not have power to carry out apart from this subsection.

(8) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of a local planning authority which is actionable at the instance of any person on any ground other than such limitation as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

20. The Minister of War Transport may authorise a local highway authority to construct any new road appearing to him to be needed for any purpose in connection with which such an authority or a local planning authority may be authorised under this Part of this Act to acquire land, and where a local highway authority are authorised under this section to construct a new road the provisions of section ten of the Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909 (which contains provisions as to the construction of new roads in respect of which an advance is made under that Act, as to the expenses of the construction thereof, and as to the maintenance thereof) shall have effect as if the road were a road in respect of the construction of which such an advance were ipade to them and as if the authorisation were given under that section.

21. —(1) The# erection, construction or carrying out, or maintenance, of any building or work on land which has been acquired or appropriated by a local planning authority or a local highway authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act, whether done by the authority or by any other person, shall be deemed to be authorised by this Part of this Act if it conforms with planning control notwithstanding that it involves interference with any servitude or any right over land or any breach of any restriction as to the use of land arising by virtue of any deed or contract, but subject to payment of compensation under section sixty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1045, or under section six of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, to be assessed in the same manner and subject to the same rules as in the case of other compensation under those sections in respect of injurious affection where the compensation is to be estimated in connection with a purchase by such an authority or the injury arises from the execution of works on land acquired by such an authority:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall authorise interference with any such right as is mentioned in section twenty-four of this Act.

1954- Town and Country Ch. 33. 345

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(2) Any liability of a person other than the local planning Part i. authority or the local highway authority by whom the land —cont. in question was acquired or appropriated to pay such compensation as aforesaid which that person fails to discharge shall be enforceable against that authority:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as affecting any agreement between the authority and any other person for indemnifying the authority against any liability under this subsection.

■ (3) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, the erection, construction or carrying out, or maintenance, of any building or work shall be treated as conforming with planning control if it is done in accordance with the terms of an interim development order or of permission granted under such an order, or in conformity, with the provisions of a planning scheme, and not otherwise:

Provided that for the purpose of this subsection anything done by an interim development authority or by the authority responsible for the enforcement of any provisions of a planning scheme shall be treated as conforming with planning control if it is done with the consent of the Secretary of State.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of a local planning authority, or local highway authority or of any body corporate, in contravention of any limitation imposed by law on the capacity of such a body by virtue of its constitution, or as authorising any act or omission on the part of any person which is actionable at the instance of any person on any ground other than such interference or breach as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

(5) In this section the expression " right over land" means any liberty, privilege, right or advantage annexed to land and adversely affecting other land, and includes a natural right of support.

22.—(1) The Secretary of State may by order extinguish power to any public right of way over land winch has been acquired extinguish or appropriated and is for the time being held by a local highways over planning authority or a local highway authority for the pur- purposes poses of this Part of this Act, or which has been acquired Qf this Part. by a Minister thereunder and is for the time being held for the purposes for which he acquired the land.

(2) The Secretary of State shall cause a notice stating the effect of any order that he proposes to make under this section, and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days from the publication of the notice) within which, and the manner in which, objections to. the proposal may be

346

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

made, to be published in such manner as appears to him to be requisite and shall serve a like notice—

(a) on the local planning authority in whose area the land is situated, except where that authority applied for the making of the order, and

(6) on any authority being the authority responsible for the right of way proposed to be extinguished, except where that authority applied for the making of the order;

and the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the proposal if any objection thereto is duly made.

(3) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the construction or improvement of a road is or will be needed in consequence of the extinguishment under this section of a public right of way, the provisions of section three of this Act shall have effect as they have effect where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the construction or improvement of a road is needed as mentioned in subsection (1) of that section.

(4) Where on the application of a local planning authority or local highway authority an order is made under this section extinguishing a public right of way, and at the time of publication of the notice required by subsection (2) of this section there was under, in, upon, over, along or across the land over which the right of way subsisted any telegraphic line belonging to or used by the Postmaster-General,—

(a) the power of the Postmaster-General to remove the line shall be exercisable notwithstanding the making of the order, so, however, that the said power shall not be exercisable, as respects the whole or any part of the line, after tl\e expiration of a period of three months from the date on which the right of way is extinguished unless before the expiration of that period the Postmaster-General has given notice to the local planning authority or local highway authority of his intention to remove the line or'that part thereof, as the case may be;

(6) the Postmaster-General may by notice to the local planning authority or local highway authority in that behalf abandon the said line or any part thereof, and shall be deemed, as respects the line or any part thereof, to have abandoned it at the expiration of the said period of three months unless before the expiration of that period he has removed it or given notice of his intention to remove it;

(c) the Postmaster-General shall be entitled to recover from the local .planning authority or local highway authority the expense of providing, in substitution

1945* Town and Country Ch. 33. 347

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

for the line and any telegraphic line connected there- Part i. with which is rendered useless in consequence of the —cont. removal or abandonment of the line, a telegraphic line in such other place as the Postmaster-General may require;

(d) where under paragraph (6) of this subsection the Postmaster-General has abandoned the whole or any part of a telegraphic line, it shall vest in the local planning authority or local highway authority, and the provisions of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1943, shall not apply in relation to the line or part in

auestion. as respects anything done or omitted after le abandonment thereof.

In this subsection the expression " telegraphic line " has the 41 & 42 Vict, same meaning as in the Telegraph Act, 1878. c* 76-

23.—(1) Upon the completion by the purchasing authority Extinguish-of a compulsory purchase under this Part of this Act of any ment of land, all private rights of way and rights of laying down, private ways, erecting, continuing or maintaining any apparatus on, under righte* or over the land and all other rights or servitudes in or relating as to 8 to that land shall be extinguished and any such apparatus apparatus, shall vest in the purchasing authority: over or in land

Provided that this section shall not apply to any right purposes^?°F vested in, or any apparatus belonging to, me person carryingthis Part. on a statutory undertaking for the purpose of the carrying on thereof, and shall have effect as respects other matters subject to any direction given by the purchasing authority before the completion of the purchase mat this section shall not apply to any right or apparatus specified in the direction and subject to any agreement which may be made (whether before or after the completion of the purchase) between the purchasing authority and the person in or to whom the right or apparatus in question is vested or belongs.

(2) Any person who suffers loss by the extinguishment of any right or servitude or the vesting of any apparatus under this section shall be entitled to be paid by the purchasing authority compensation, to be determined under and in accordance with the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and section fifty-three of this Act shall have effect in relation to compensation payable under this section and to loss suffered as therein mentioned, as it has effect in relation to compensation in respect of land injuriously affected by the execution of works on land acquired by a government department or a local or public authority and to damage sustained by reason thereof.

(3) Expenses incurred by a Minister in the payment of compensation under the last preceding subsection shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

348.

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—coni. Extinguishment of rights of way, and rights as to apparatus of statutory undertakers.

24.—(1) Where there subsists over land which has been acquired or appropriated and is for the time being held by a local planning authority or a local highway authority for the purposes of this Part of. this Act, or which has been acquired by a Minister thereunder and is for the time being held for the purposes for which he acquired the land, any right of way or any right of laying down, erecting, continuing or maintaining any apparatus on under or over the land, or there is on under of over any such land any apparatus, vested in or belonging to the person carrying on a statutory undertaking for the purpose of the carrying on thereof, the authority or the Minister may serve on the said person a notice that at the expiration of such period as may be specified in the notice the right will be extinguished, or requiring that before the expiration of such period as may be so specified the apparatus shall be removed.

(?) A person on whom a notice is served under the preceding subsection may before the expiration of twenty-eight days from the service of the notice serve a counter-notice on the authority or the Minister stating that he objects to all or any of the provisions of the notice and specifying the grounds of his objection.

(3) If no counter-notice is served under the last preceding subsection, any right to which the notice relates shall be extinguished at the end of the period specified in that behalf in the notice, and if at the end of the period so specified in relation to any apparatus any requirement of the notice as to the removal of the apparatus has not been complied with, the authority or the Minister may remove the apparatus and dispose thereof in any way they or he may think fit. 4

(4) If a counter-notice is served under subsection (2) of this section on a local planning • authority or a local highway authority, the authority may either withdraw the notice (without prejudice, however, to the service of a further notice) or apply to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister for an order embodying, either with or without modification, the provisions of the notice, and the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister may if they think fit, after affording to the person carrying on the undertaking an opportunity of objecting to the application and, if any objection is made, after considering the objection and affording to the said person and to the local planning authority or the local highway authority an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister for the purpose, make an order in accordance with the application, either with or without modification.

1945-

Town and Country Ch. 33. 349

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(5) If a.counter-notice is served under subsection (2) of this Part i.

section on a Minister, either he may withdraw the notice —corn.

(without prejudice, however, to the service of a further

notice) or he and the appropriate Minister may make an order embodying, either with or without modification, the provisions of the notice.

Where a Minister and the appropriate Minister propose to make an order under this subsection, they shall prepare a draft o"f the order an5 shall afford to the person carrying on the undertaking an opportunity of objecting to the proposal and, if any objection is made, shall consider the objection and afford to the said person an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by them for the purpose, and may then make an order in accordance with the draft, either with or without modification.

(6) Subsection' (3) of this section shall apply to an order made under either of the two last preceding subsections as it applies to a notice in respect of which no counter-notice is served, but with the substitution for references to a notice of references to an order.

(7) Where an objection to an order under subsection (4) or (5) of this section is duly made and is not withdrawn before the making of the order, the order shall be provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament.

(8) In respect of the extinguishment of any right, or the imposition of any requirement, under this section, the person carrying on a statutory undertaking shall be entitled to recover from the authority or Minister at whose instance the right was extinguished or the requirement was imposed compensation in accordance with Part I of the Fourth Schedule to this Act. v

(9) Expenses incurred by a Minister in the payment of compensation under the last preceding subsection shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

25.—(1) Where it appears to the Secretary of State and the Extension

appropriate Minister, on a representation made by the per- and modifica-

son carrying on a statutory undertaking, that— tion of powers

.x . , , , , . ... and duties of

(a) m order to secure the provision of services which statutory

would not otherwise be provided, or satisfactorily undertakers, provided, for any purpose in connection with which a local planning authority may be authorised under this Part of this Act to acquire land, or

(b) in order to facilitate any adjustment of the canying on of the undertaking necessitated by the acquisition under this Part of this Act of any land an interest

Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

in which was held, or which was used, for the purpose of the carrying on of the undertaking, or necessitated by the extinguishment of any right, or the imposition of any requirement, under the last preceding section, or necessitated by a decision on an interim development application made by the person carrying on the undertaking for permission to develop land to which section thirty-three of this Act applies or by the revocation or modification of an interim development permission granted on such an application or by the postponement of the consideration of such an application,

% it is expedient that the powers and duties of the said person ' in relation to the carrying on of the undertaking should be extended or modified, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister may by order provide for such extension or modification of the said powers and duties as appears to them to be requisite in order to secure the provision of services as mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, or to facilitate the adjustment of the undertaking as mentioned in paragraph of this subsection, as the case may be.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of the preceding subsection, an order under the preceding subsection may provide—

(a) for empowering the person carrying on the undertaking to acquire, whether compulsorily or by agreement, any land specified in the order and to erect or construct any buildings or works so specified;

(b) for applying in relation to the acquisition of such land and the construction of such works enactments relating to the acquisition of land and the construction of works (including the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and Part II of this Act);

(c) for giving effect, where it has been represented that the making of the order is expedient for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection, to such financial arrangements between the local planning authority and the person carrying on the undertaking as they may agree or, in default of agreement, as may be determined to be equitable in such manner and by such tribunal as may be specified in the order;

and for such incidental and supplemental matters (including the amendment or repeal of any provision in any local enactment) as appear to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister to be expedient for the purposes of the order.

(3) As soon as may be after making a representation under subsection (1) of this section, the person carrying on the

350 Ch. 33.

Part I. —con/.

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

undertaking in question shall publish, in such form and manner as may be directed by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister, a notice giving such particulars as may be so directed of the matters to which the representation relates and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days) within which, and the manner in which, objection to the making of an order on the representation may be made, and shall serve a like notice on any persons appearing from the valuation roll to have an interest in any land to which the representation relates, and if it is so directed by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister, shall also serve a like notice on such other persons,' or persons of such classes, as may be so directed.

(4) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the making of an order on the representation if any objection thereto is duly made, and, subject to those provisions in a case in which they have effect, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister may, if they think fit, make an order.

(5) A local planning authority may represent to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister that the making of an order under subsection (1) of this section as respects any statutory undertaking is expedient for the purpose of securing the provision of new services, or the extension of existing services, for any purpose in connection with which the authority may be authorised under this Part of this Act to acquire land, and where such a representation is made the preceding provisions of this section snail have effect as if the representation had been made by the person carrying on the undertaking in question, but with the substitution in subsection (3) for the reference to the person carrying on the undertaking of a reference to the local planning authority.

(6) An order under this section shall be provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament.

26.—(1) Where on a representation in that behalf made by the person carrying on a statutory undertaking the appropriate Minister is satisfied that the compulsory purchase under this Part of this Act of any land an interest in which was held, or which was used, for the purpose of the carrying on of the undertaking, or the extinguishment thereunder of any right, or the imposition of any requirement as to the removal of apparatus, vested in or belonging to the said person, has rendered impracticable the fulfilment of any obligation of the said person incurred in connection with the carrying on of the undertaking, the appropriate Minister may by order direct that the Said person snail be relieved of the fulfilment of the obligation either absolutely or to such extent as may be specified in the order.

351

Part I.

—cont.

Relief of statutory undertakers from

obligations rendered impracticable by exercise of powers of this Part.

352

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—conl.%

(2) As soon as may be after making a representation to the appropriate Minister under the preceding subsection, the person carrying on the undertaking in question shall, as may be directed by the appropriate Minister, either publish, in such form and manner as may be so directed, a notice giving such particulars as may be so directed of the matters to which the representation relates and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days) within which and the manner in which objections to the making of an order on the representation may be made, or serve such a notice on such persons, or persons of such classes, as may be so directed, or both publish and serve such notices.

(3) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect m relation to the makinig of an order on the representation if any objection thereto is duly made, and, subject to. those provisions in a case in which "they have effect, the appropriate Minister may, if he thinks fit, make an order.

(4) If any objection to the making of an order under this section is made and is not withdrawn before the making of the order, the order shall be provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament.

(5) The provisions of section fifteen of this Act as to the validity and date of operation of orders shall apply to an order made under this section as they apply to such an order. as is mentioned in the said section fifteen.

Provisions as to churches and burial grounds.

27.—(1) Any land consisting of a church or other building used or formerly used for religious worship, or the site thereof, or a burial ground or part of a burial ground, which has been acquired or appropriated by a local planning authority or a local highway authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act, or which has been acquired by a Minister thereunder, may be used in any manner, whether or not involving the erection, construction or carrying out, or maintenance, of any building or work,—

(a) in the case of land acquired or appropriated by a local planning authority or a local highway authority by that authority or by any other person, if that use conforms with planning control, or,

(b) in the case of land acquired by a Minister, by him or on hisi behalf for any purpose for which he acquired the land,

notwithstanding anything in any enactment relating to churches or such other buildings as aforesaid or to burial grounds or any obligation or restriction imposed under any deed or agreement or otherwise as respects that church or other building or burial ground or part thereof:

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect as respects any such land as aforesaid until the prescribed requirements with respect to the removal and re-interment of human remains and the disposal of tombstones, monuments or other memorials, and fixtures and furnishings in or upon the land have been complied with.

(2) Provision shall be made by any regulations made for the purposes of the proviso to the preceding subsection—

(a) for requiring the persons in whom the land is vested to publish notice of their intention to carry out the removal and re-interment of any human remains or the disposal of any tombstones, monuments or other memorials, or fixtures or furnishings;

(b) for enabling the personal representatives or relatives of any deceased person themselves to undertake the removal and re-interment of the remains of the deceased and the disposal of any tombstone, monument or other memorial commemorating the deceased;

(c) for requiring the persons in whom the land is vested to defray the expenses of such removal, re-interment and disposal not exceeding such amount as may be prescribed;

(d) for requiring compliance with any directions given in any case by the Secretary of State, after consultation with the church authorities in the case of a church or churchyard, with respect to the manner of removal and the place and manner of re-interment of any human remains and the disposal of any tombstones, monuments or other memorials, and fixtures and furnishings; and

(c) with regard to such incidental and consequential matters (including the closing of registers) as may appear to the Secretary of State to be expedient for the purposes of the Regulations.

Any expense incurred by a Minister under paragraph (c) of this subsection shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(3) Subject to the provisions of any such regulations as aforesaid, no authority shall be required for the removal and re-interment in accordance with the regulations of any human remains, or for the removal and disposal of any tombstones, monuments or other memorials, or fixtures or furnishings.

(4) In this section—

(a) the expression " burial ground " includes any churchyard, cemetery or other ground, whether consecrated or not, which has at any time been set apart for the purpose of interment;

353

Part I.

—cont.

354

Part I.

—cow/.

Authorisation of use and development of open spaces, etc.,

notwithstand-

ing

restrictions.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(b) the reference to conformity with planning control shall be construed in accordance with subsection (3) of section twenty-one of this Act, with the substitution for references therein to anything done as therein mentioned of references to any use of land, whether or not involving the doing of any such thing.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of a local planning authority or local highway authority or of any body corporate, in contravention of any limitation imposed by law on the capacity of such a body by virtue of its constitution, or as authorising any act or omission on the part of any person that is actionable at the instance of any person on any ground other than contravention of any suon enactment, obligation or restriction as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

28.—(1) Any land being, or forming part of, a common or open space, which has been acquired or appropriated by a local planning authority or a local highway authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act, or which has been acquired by a Minister thereunder, may be used in any manner, whether or not involving the erection, construction or carrying out, or maintenance, of any building or work,—

(a) in the case of land acquired or appropriated by a local planning authority or a local highway autno-rity, by that authority or by any other person if that use conforms with planning control, or,

(b) in the case of land acquired by a Minister, by him or on his behalf for any purpose for which he acquired the land,

notwithstanding anything in any enactment relating to land of that kind, including any public general or local enactment, by which any such land is specially regulated.

(2) In this section—

(a) the expressions " common " and " open space " have die meanings assigned to them respectively by section fourteen of this Act;

(b) the reference to conformity with planning control shall be construed in accordance with subsection (3) of section twenty-one of this Act, with the substitution for references therein to anything done as therein mentioned of references to any use of land, whether or not involving the doing of any such thing.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising any act or omission on the part of a local planning authority or local highway authority, or of any body corporate, in contravention of any limitation imposed by law on the capacity of such a body by virtue of its constitution, or as authorising any act or omission on the part of any person

1945* Town and Country £h. 33.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

that is actionable at the instance of any person on any ground other than contravention of any such enactment as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

29.—(1) Where the carrying out of redevelopment on land Provisions acquired or appropriated by a local planning authority or a as to dis-local highway authority for the purposes of this Part of this placements Act will involve the displacement of persons residing in acquired premises thereon, it shall be the duty of the authority, in so for purposes far as there is not other residential accommodation available of this Part, on reasonable terms, to secure the provision of such accommodation in advance of the displacements from time to time becoming necessary as the redevelopment proceeds.

(2) Section seventy-nine of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 15&.16 Geo. 5. 1925 (which imposes obligations as to the provision of hous-c- x3«

ing accommodation where land is acquired under statutory powers) shall not have effect in relation to an acquisition under this Part of this Act.

(3) If the Secretary of State certifies that possession of any house which has been acquired or appropriated and is for the time being held by a local planning authority or a local highway authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act is immediately required for the purposes for which it was acquired or appropriated, nothing in the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1939, shall prevent the acquiring or appropriating authority from obtaining possession of the house.

(4) Where possession of any building, or any part of a building, which has been acquired or appropriated by a local planning authority or a local highway authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act, or which has been acquired by a Minister thereunder, is required by them or him for the purposes for which it was acquired or appropriated, then, at any time after the tenancy of the occupier has expired or has been determined, the authority or the Minister may serve a notice on the occupier of the building or part of the building requiring him to remove therefrom within a period of twenty-one days; and on the expiry of that period a certified copy of the notice to remove shall be sufficient warrant for ejection against the occupier or any party in his right in the event of non-compliance with the notice.

(5) A local planning authority or a local highway authority or a Minister may pay to any person who is displaced in the carrying out of redevelopment on land which has been acquired or appropriated by the authority or Minister for the purposes of or under this Part of this Act, such reasonable allowance as they think fit towards his expenses in removing, and to a person carrying on any business in a building from

355

Part I. —coni.

356

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I. —coni.

Duty of local planning authority to furnish information to the

Secretary of State.

Powers of Secretary of State with respect to development carried out by interim development authorities and responsible authorities.

which he is so displaced they may pay also such reasonable allowance as they think fit towards the loss which, in their opinion, he will sustain by reason of the disturbance to his business consequent on his having to quit the building, and in estimating that loss they shall have regard to the period for which the premises occupied by him might reasonably have been expected to be available for the purpose of his business and the availability of other premises suitable for that purpose.

Planning provisions.

30. —(1) It shall be the duty of a local planning authority, on a request in that behalf being made to them by the Secretary of State, to furnish to him, in such manner as he may direct, such particulars of their proposals for the time being for the planning of their area as he may consider requisite for enabling him to consider properly the expediency of his confirming or making a compulsory purchase order under this Part of this Act, of his giving his consent to a disposal or appropriation of land by the authority thereunder, of his giving his consent to the carrying out by them thereunder of building operations or any other authorisation or approval for the purposes of this Part of this Act, or the manner in which any other jurisdiction conferred on the Secretary of State by this Part of this Act ought to be exercised by mm.

(2) The power of the Secretary of State under subsection (2) of section six of the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) (Scotland) Act, 1943 (which enables the Secretary of State to give directions requiring interim development authorities to furnish him with such information with respect to interim development applications received by them as he considers necessary or expedient for the purpose of enabling him to cause an application to be referred to him under subsection (1) of that section) shall include power to require the furnishing of such information with respect to interim development applications (including information as to the manner in which any such application has been dealt with) as he may consider requisite for the purpose of enabling him to consider properly the expediency of his exercising any of his functions under that Act. 31

31. —(1) If it appears to the Secretary of State on representations made to him or otherwise that it is expedient, having regard to considerations affecting the public interest, that there should be referred to him for decision the question whether—

(a) any development of land by the authority empowered by an interim development order to permit the development of that land (other than development which is permitted by the interim development order itself), or,

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

Ch. 33.

357

(b) any development of land by the authority responsible for the enforcement of any provisions of a planning scheme in relation to that land (other than development which, if the authority were not so responsible, they would be entitled to carry out under the scheme without the permission or approval of the responsible authority), should be carried out or completed, he may give directions to the authority requiring the question to be so referred, and any decision of the Secretary of State on a question so referred to him shall be deemed for all purposes to be a decision of the authority:

Provided that before dealing with any question so referred to him, the Secretary of State shall, if either the authority or any other person so desires, afford them an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

(2) If any development, with respect to which a decision has been given by the Secretary of State under the provisions of the foregoing subsection, is carried out or completed in contravention of the decision, or if any conditions or limitations imposed by the Secretary of State by a decision consenting to the carrying out or completion of the development (including conditions or limitations as to the period for which any building or use may be maintained or continued), are not complied with, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, give directions to the authority requiring them to take such steps in respect of the development (whether by the removal or alteration of any building or work, the discontinuance of any use, or the reinstatement of any land) as he considers requisite, having regard to the provisions of the scheme, or, as the case may be, to the provisions which ought in his opinion to be included in the proposed scheme, and any such directions shall be enforceable on the application of the Secretary of State by proceedings under section ninety-one of the Court of Session Act, 1868.

(3) In relation to any development by an interim development authority who carry on a statutory undertaking, being development carried out upon land to which section thirty-three of this Act applies, references in this section to the Secretary of State shall be construed as references to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister; and paragraph

(b) of subsection (1) of section twenty-five of this Act, and subsections (2), (3), (6) and (7) of section thirty-four of this Act shall apply in relation to a decision under this section in respect of any such development with the substitution in the said subsection (7) for the reference to section three of the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) (Scotland) Act, 1943, of a reference to subsection (1) of this section.

Part I.

—cont.

31 & 3a Vict, c. 100.

358

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I. (4) For the purposes of section forty of the Town and —cont. Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932 (which provides that the provisions of a planning scheme shall not apply to land held or used by statutory undertakers for the purposes of their undertaking except in so far as they consent thereto) a responsible authority who carry on a statutory undertaking shall be deemed to consent to the application of the provisions of the scheme to any land belonging to them which is held or used by them for the purposes of that undertaking unless and until they have given to the Secretary of State notice in writing stating that they withhold the consent.

Power to suspend planning schemes and reimpose interim development control.

32.—(1) Where a resolution to prepare or adopt a planning scheme revoking or varying an existing scheme has taken effect (whether before or after the commencement of this Act), or where the Secretary of State proposes, in exercise of his powers under subsection (4) of section eight of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, to make a planning scheme revoking or varying an existing scheme, then if it appears to the Secretary of State that it is expedient so to do—

(a) for securing that any development prohibited by the existing scheme may be carried out notwithstanding the provisions of that scheme, or (b)for securing that any development permitted by the

existing scheme may be controlled, he may by order suspend the provisions of the existing scheme pending the coming into operation of the revoking or varying scheme; and any such order may suspend the provisions 01 the scheme either as respects the whole of the area to which the revoking or varying scheme is to apply or as respects any part thereof specified in the order, and either as respects all development or as respects development of any class so specified.

(2) Where the provisions of an existing scheme are suspended by virtue of an order under this section, then, notwithstanding anything in subsection (9) of section ten of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, the provisions of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Acts, 1932 and 1943, with respect to the control of interim development shall, as from the date on which the order comes into operation apply to development to which the order relates and shall so apply as if the resolution had taken effect on that date; and in relation to any such development the material date for the purposes of the revoking or varying scheme shall be the date on which the order comes into operation or such later date as may be specified in that scheme, but without prejudice to the proviso to the definition of "the material date " contained in section fifty-two of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932 (which specifies the material

1945* Town and Country Ch. 33. 359

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

date in relation to any provision of a scheme which is revoked Part I. by a scheme containing the same or a similar provision). —cont.

(3) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, the provisions of section ten of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, shall not apply to a resolution to prepare or adopt a planning scheme revoking an existing scheme, and accordingly subsection (9) of that section shall have effect as if after the word "scheme ", in the third place where that word occurs, there were inserted the words " revoking or".

33. — (1) The provisions of the three next succeeding sec- statutory Hons shall have effect as respects interim development undertakers: applications for permission for the interim development, by development the person carrying on a statutory undertaking, of land to control, which this section applies, the revocation or modification of

such permission, and the postponement of the consideration of applications for such permission.

(2) The land to which this section applies is, in relation to any statutory undertaking, land which is used for the purpose of the carrying on of that undertaking, or in which an interest is held for that purpose, other than any such land which is in respect of its nature or situation comparable rather with the generality of land subject to interim development control than with the generality of land which is used, or in which interests are held, for the purpose of the carrying on of statutory undertakings.

(3) Any question arising under any of the three next succeeding sections whether land is land to which this section applies shall be determined by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister. 34

34. —(1) Where the person carrying on a statutory under- statutory taking appeals to the Secretary of State from a decision on undertakers : an interim development application for permission to develop foAiSrim land to which the last preceding section applies, or such an development application made by the person carrying on a statutory under- permission, taking is referred to the Secretary of State, the decision on

the appeal or application, as the case may be, shall be given by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister:

Provided that where, under the enactments regulating the carrying on of the statutory undertaking, the sanction of a government department (other than the Secretary of State) or the Electricity Commissioners is required for the carrying out of the development in question, or for the borrowing or application of moneys to defray the cost thereof, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister shall not be required to give a decision on the appeal or application until such sanction has been obtained.

360

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

(2) Where the preceding subsection has effect, and the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister propose to refuse permission or to grant permission subject to conditions, they shall notify to the person carrying on the undertaking in question the decision which they propose to give, and if within twenty-eight days from the date on which he receives the notification that person makes application to the appropriate Minister in that behalf, the decision shall be embodied m an order made by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister.

(3) An order under this section shall be provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament.

(4) The provisions of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Acts, 1932 and 1943, shall apply to a decision

g'ven under this section as if it were a decision given by the icretary of State.

(5) In respect of any decision given under this section refusing permission, or granting permission subject to conditions, the person carrying on the statutory undertaking in question shall be entitled to recover compensation from the interim development authority in accordance with Part I of the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

(6) Section twenty-six of this Act shall apply in relation to obligations of the person carrying on a statutory undertaking the fulfilment of which is rendered impracticable by a decision given under this section as it applies to the obligations referred to in subsection (1) of the said section twenty-six.

(7) Notwithstanding anything in section three of the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) (Scotland) Act, 1943, a decision given under this section shall not be such as to grant permission for the erection, construction or carrying out of any building or work, or the use of any building or land, for a limited period only.

Statutory undertakers: revocation of interim development permission.

35.—(1) Section four of the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) (Scotland) Act, 1343 (which relates to the revocation and modification of interim development permissions) shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this subsection as respects any permission granted, on an interim development application made by the person carrying on a statutory undertaking, for the development of land to which section thirty-three of this Act applies:—

(a) the consent required for the making of an order revoking or modifying the permission shall be given by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister;

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

Ch. 33.

361

(6) the power of the Secretary of State to make an order Part I.

on behalf of an interim development authority shall —com.

be exercised by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister;

(c) where the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister propose to give such a consent or make such an order, they shall notify to the person carrying on the statutory undertaking the fact that they so propose, and afford him an opportunity of objecting to the proposal;

(d) if any objection is made to the giving of such a consent and not withdrawn, the consent shall be embodied in an order which shall be provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament;

(e) if any objection is made to the making of such an order and not withdrawn, the order shall be provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament;

(/) the person carrying on the undertaking shall be entitled to recover compensation from the interim development authority m accordance with Part I of the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

(2) Section twenty-six of this Act shall apply in relation to obligations of the person carrying on a statutory undertaking the fulfilment of which is rendered impracticable by the revocation or modification of any such permission as is mentioned in the preceding subsection as it applies to the obligations referred to in subsection (1) of the said section twenty-six.

36.—(1) The power conferred by section two of the Town statutory and Country Planning (Interim Development) (Scotland) undertakers: Act, 1943, to postpone the consideration of an interim develop- onSerirrT611 ment application shall not be exercisable as respects applica- development tions made by the person carrying on a statutory undertaking applications, for permission to develop land to which section thirty-three of this Act applies, in relation to such an application made after the expiration of five years from the commencement of this Act, or in relation to such an application made before the expiration of the said five years so as to postpone the consideration thereof beyond the expiration of the said five years.

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding subsection, where the person carrying on a statutory undertaking makes an interim development application for permission to develop land to which section thirty-three of this Act applies, he may at the time of making the application require that the power

362

Part I.

—cont.

Interim development orders: exclusion of permission in particular areas or particular cases.

Suspension of byelaws and other enactments : additional powers.

52 & 53 Vict, c. 72.

55 & 56 Vict, c. 55-3 Edw. 7. c. 33.

15 & 16 Geo. v c. 68.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

to postpone consideration of the application shall be exercisable by the Secretary of State ana the appropriate Minister; and where such a requirement is made the said power shall be exercisable accordingly, and—

(a) the references in subsection (2) of section two of the said Act of 1943 to the interim development authority shall be construed as references to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister;

(b) the references in subsections (2) and (3) of the said section two to a notice of postponement, and to the service thereof in the prescribed manner, shall be construed as references to written notification of the decision of the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister to postpone consideration of the application, and to the giving of the notification to the applicant.

37. Any interim development order made under section ten of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, being an order which itself permits any development of land, may provide for enabling directions to be given thereunder, either by the Secretary of State or by the interim development authority, excluding the permission so granted either in relation to the carrying out of development in any particular area or in relation to the carrying out of any particular development. 38 *

38. —(1) The power conferred by subsection (8) of section ten of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, to authorise by an interim development order the suspension of enactments contained in local Acts and of orders, byelaws or regulations shall include power to provide for suspending the operation of any enactment contained in subsection (1) of section thirty-two of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1807, section one hundred and fifty-eight of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, as extended by subsection (2)

(h) of section one hundred and four of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903, or section five of the Roads Improvement Act, 1925, as applied to Scotland by section twelve of that Act.

(2) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is expedient so to do for the purpose of securing the carrying out of any development in conformity with the provisions of a planning scheme, he may, upon application in that behalf made to him by the responsible authority, by order relax in relation to that development any enactment, order, byelaw or regulation for the suspension of which provision may be made under the said subsection (8) as amended by this section.

*945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

Ch. 33.

363

39.—(1) A joint committee may be appointed under sec- Part i. tion three of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) —cont. Act, 1932, or constituted by an order under section four Establishment of that Act, for any purpose connected with the prepara-°^j°int £om‘ tion of a planning scheme, or with any matter preliminary fanning°r to the preparation of such a scheme, including the keep- purposes, ing under review of planning schemes, whether operative or not, relating to the areas of any of the constituent authorities or any part thereof.

(2) Any such committee may be empowered to prepare a planning scheme varying a planning scheme relating to the area of any of the constituent authorities or any part thereof, or supplementary to any such scheme.

40. Subsection (3) of section twelve of the Town and Application

Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932 (which provides i{Ifj£cultural that the provisions of a planning scheme with respect to ^J1 provisions buildings shall not apply in relation to buildings used for of planning the purposes of agriculture except in certain cases) shall schemes cease to have effect: as to buildings.

Provided that—

(a) for the purposes of any planning scheme which is in operation at the date of the commencement of this Act, any building erected before that date, being a building to which the scheme would not apply but for this section, shall be treated as an existing building; and

(6) for the purposes of any planning scheme which comes into operation after the date of the commencement of this Act, any building erected before that date, being a building of any description specified in die said subsection (3), shall be treated as an existing building, and the provisions of section five of the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) (Scotland) Act, 1943 (which enables interim development authorities to pull down buildings erected after the commencement of that Act otherwise than in accordance with the terms of the interim development order or of permission granted thereunder) shall not apply thereto. 41

41. —(1) With a view to the guidance of local authorities Designation of in the performance of functions under the Town and Country buil(bngs of Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, and this Act in relation to architectural buildings of special architectural or historic interest, the Secre- Qr historic tary of State may compile lists of such buildings, or approve, interest.

364

Part I.

—cont.

Preservation of buildings of special architectural or historic interest.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

either with or without modifications, such lists compiled by other persons or bodies of persons, and may amend any list compiled or approved under this section.

(2) Before compiling or amending any list under this section, or approving any list thereunder either with or without modifications, the Secretary of State shall consult with such persons or bodies of persons as appear to him appropriate as having special knowledge of or interest in buildings of architectural and historic interest.

(3) As soon as may be after any list has been compiled or approved under this section, or any amendments of such a list have been made, a copy of so much of the list as relates to the area of any local planning authority (or, if the list is a list approved subject to modifications, a copy of so much of the list as modified as relates to their area) or of so much of the amendments as relate thereto, as the case may be, certified by or on behalf of the Secretary of State to be a true copy thereof, shall be deposited with the clerk of the local planning authority.

(4) As soon as may be after the inclusion of any building in a list under this section, whether on the compilation or approval of the list or by the amendment thereof, or as soon as may be after any such list has been amended by the exclusion of any building therefrom, the Secretary of State shall serve a notice on every owner and occupier of the building stating that the building has been included in, or excluded from, the list, as the case may be.

42.—(1) The power of a local authority under section seventeen of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, to prohibit the demolition of any building of special architectural or historic interest shall include power to make an order directing that without the consent of the authority the building shall not, in any way prohibited by the order, be altered or extended.

(2) In accordance with the preceding subsection, the power of a local authority to vary an order under the said section seventeen shall include power as respects any order made under that section (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) by a subsequent order thereunder to vary the order by adding thereto such a direction as is mentioned in the preceding subsection.

(3) An order giving or adding such a direction as aforesaid shall not be made by the authority or approved by the Secretary of State unless the authority or the Secretary of

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

365

State, as the case may be, are or is satisfied that the alteration or extension of the building in the way prohibited would seriously affect the character of the building.

(4) Subsection (2) of the said section seventeen (under which an order prohibiting the demolition of a building is of no effect until approved by the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State is required to consider representations of the owner of the building before approving such an order) shall apply to an order giving or adding such a direction as aforesaid, and subsection (3) of the said section seventeen (which provides for an appeal to the Secretary of State in certain cases) shall have effect as if the reference to the demolition of a building included a reference to the alteration and to the extension thereof.

(5) No person shall execute, or cause or permit to be executed, any work for the purpose of demolishing a building to which this subsection applies, that is to say, a building included in a list compiled or approved under the provisions of the last preceding section, not being a building as respects which an order under the said section seventeen is for the time being in force or a building falling within subsection (5) of that section (which relates to ancient monuments and certain other buildings), or for the purpose of altering or extending a building to which this subsection applies in any way which would seriously affect the character thereof, unless at least two months before the work is executed notice in writing has been given to the local planning authority of the proposed demolition, alteration or extension:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall render unlawful the execution of any such work as aforesaid which is urgently necessary in the interests of safety or health, or for the preservation of the building or of neighbouring property, so long as notice is given as aforesaid as soon as may be after the necessity for the work arises.

(6) Where a local planning authority receive a notice under the last preceding suDsection, they shall as soon as may be send a copy of the notice to the Secretary of State and to such other persons or bodies of persons as may be specified by the Secretary of State either generally or as respects the building in question.

(7) If any owner of a building executes, or causes or permits to be executed, any work for the purpose of demolishing, altering or extending the building in contravention of an order in force under the said section seventeen, or if any person contravenes the provisions of subsection (5) of this section.

Part I.

—cont.

366

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

the said owner or person, as the case may be, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and the court by whom he is convicted may in addition order him to pay such sums as the court think just for the purpose of restoring the building, so far as may be, to its former state.

(8) Where an order under the said section seventeen has come into operation as respects any building, the authority by whom the order was made may at any time serve notice of the order on any person not being an owner of the building, and where such notice has been served the provisions of the last preceding subsection shall apply in relation to the

Eerson on whom it was served as if he were an owner of the uilding.

(9) A local authority having power to make an order under the said section seventeen as respects any building—

(a) may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, acquire by agreement the building and any land comprising or contiguous or adjacent to it which appears to the authority and the Secretary of State to be required for maintaining it or the amenities thereof, or for affording access thereto, or for the proper control or management thereof;

(b) if an order under the said section seventeen is in force as respects the building and it appears to the authority and the Secretary of State that reasonable steps required for properly maintaining the building will not be taken unless the powers of this paragraph are exercised, may be authorised to purchase me building and any such land as aforesaid compulsorily, by means of an order made by the authority and submitted to the Secretary of State and confirmed by him in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act.

(10) A local authority shall have power, as respects any land acquired by them under this section, to repair, maintain and insure any buildings or works on the land and generally to deal therewith in a proper course of management, and may with die consent of the Secretary of State dispose of any land so acquired in any manner which appears to the authority and the Secretary of State expedient for, or consistent with, securing the object for which the land was acquired.

Subsections (9) and (10) of section eighteen of this Act shall apply in relation to the disposal of land under this section as they apply in relation to the disposal of land under that section.

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

367

43. Where, in accordance with paragraph (c) of subsec- Part I. tion (1) of section twelve of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, provision is made by a planning scheme Appeals in for enabling the responsible authority to regulate the design

or external appearance of buildings, any appeal under that subsection from a decision of the responsible authority shall, appearance of if the scheme so provides, lie to the Secretary of State instead buildings, of to the sheriff or a special tribunal, and accordingly the said subsection shall nave effect as if, after the word "sheriff " there were inserted the words "or to the Secretary of State ".

44. —(1) Any planning scheme which makes provision for Extension as the purposes set out in paragraph (ii) (c) of subsection (2) of respects war section nineteen of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Pen°d of Act, 1932 (that is to say, for securing that new buildings eating011 °r may be erected on the sites of existing and certain other buildings buildings if commenced within two years after the destruction and uses.

or demolition of the previous buildings or within such longer period as the responsible authority may permit) shall have effect in relation to any building destroyed or demolished (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) during the war period, as if for any reference therein to the period of two years after the destruction or demolition of the previous building there were substituted a reference to the period ending two years after the expiration of the war period, or, in the case of a scheme which comes into operation after the expiration of the war period, to the period ending two years after the date on which the scheme comes into operation.

(2) The provisions of paragraph (ii) ( ) of subsection (2) of the said section nineteen (which relates to the use of buildings permitted in accordance with paragraph (ii) (c) of that subsection) and of subsections (3) and (4) of that section (which enable the responsible authority to control such buildings and uses upon payment of compensation) and any provisions included m the scheme in accordance with those provisions, shall apply in relation to any buildings the erection of which is permitted by virtue of this section as they apply to buildings permitted in accordance with paragraph

(ii) (c) of the said subsection (2).

(3) Where, at any time during the war period (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) the existing use of any building has been discontinued—

(a) by reason of the occurrence to the building of war damage;

368

Part I.

—cont.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 15.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

26 & 27 Vict.

C. ZI2.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 80.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

(b) by reason of possession of the building having been taken in the exercise or purported exercise of emergency powers, or by an authority by whom, at a time at which, and for a purpose for which, possession of the building could have been so taken;

(c) in consequence of any arrangement for the concentration of production approved, or of any order for that purpose made, by the Board of Trade in the exercise or purported exercise of such powers;

(d) by reason of the entry of the occupier of the building into whole-time service in the armed forces of the Crown or in the merchant navy or the mercantile marine or in a civil defence force within the meaning of the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1942, or, in the case of a woman, in any of the capacities mentioned in the First Schedule to the Reinstatement in Civil Employment Act, 1944; or

(e) by reason of such other circumstances as may be prescribed,

no account shall be taken for the purposes of proviso (i) to the definition of "existing use " m section fifty-two of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932 (which provides that no subsequent use of a building is to be deemed to be an existing use if the existing use has been discontinued for a period of eighteen months) of any time during which the resumption of the existing use of the building is or has been prevented either as mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (e) of this subsection or by reason of the refusal by the Secretary of State on appeal of an interim development application for permission to resume that use.

(4) In this section—

(a) the expression " the war period" means the period beginning with the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine ana ending with the expiration of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939;

(b) the expression " emergency powers" means powers conferred by Defence Regulations, by section fifty-two of the Telegraph Act, 1863, or by section seven of the Air Navigation Act, 1920, or exercisable by virtue of the prerogative of the Crown,

and the reference in subsection (3) of this section to the refusal by the Secretary of State on appeal of an interim development application shall be construed as including a

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

reference to the refusal by him of an interim development application referred to him under subsection (1) of section six of the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) (Scotland) Act, 1943, and to the refusal by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister of an application made by the person carrying on' a statutory undertaking.

45.—(1) Any power conferred by a planning scheme to grant permission for any development shall include power—

(a) where, upon application for such permission made during the continuance in force of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, the responsible authority are satisfied—

(i) that having regard to the purposes for which development is required, and to the circumstances prevailing at the time, it is desirable to grant the permission; but

(ii) that it is inexpedient in the interests of the scheme that the development should be permitted without limit of time,

to grant the permission so as to remain in force for such period as jnay be specified therein;

(b) where permission has been so granted, and the responsible authority are satisfied, upon application made as aforesaid and before the expiration of the period specified in the permission, that it is desirable to permit the development for a further period, to extend the period so specified.

(2) If, after the expiration of the period for which permission has been granted therefor under this section, any building or use is maintained or continued, the provisions of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, and of the scheme shall apply as if the permission had not been granted and as if the building had been erected, or the use begun, at the expiration of the said period by the person then entitled to possession of the land.

(3) Where, in exercise of any such power as aforesaid, the responsible authority have, at any time after the commencement of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, and before the commencement of this Act, purported to grant permission for any development so as to remain in force for a specified period, the provisions of the last preceding subsection shall apply as if the permission had been granted under this section.

2 A

369

Part I.

—cont.

Power during war period to give under planning schemes consent to development with effect for a limited period.

370 Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Part i. (4) Any reference in this section to the responsible autho-—coni pity shall, in a case where an appeal is taken to the Secretary of State under the provisions of the scheme, be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State.

Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Part I.

Provision as to 46. The power of the Public Works Loan Commissioners paKr hVht*° ma^e loans under section nine of the Public Works Loans

Loan^Com- Act, 1875, shall include power to make loans to a local

missioners. planning authority or a local highway authority for the

38 & 39 Vict, purpose of the discharge by them of any of their functions c- 89- under this Part of this Act.

Subsidy under 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 3, as respects housing for persons displaced in exercise of powers of this Part.

47.—(1) In paragraph (a) of subsection (5) of section one of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1938 (which specifies, as the subject matter to which that section applies for the purposes of the Exchequer contributions therein mentioned, housing accommodation rendered necessary as mentioned in that subsection) there shall be inserted, at the end of sub-paragraph (ii), the words "or by displacements from houses as to which the Department are satisfied that they are unfit for human habitation and not capable of being rendered fit for human habitation at reasonable expense, being displacements occurring in the carrying out in connection with file purpose mentioned in subsection (1) of section one or in subsection (1) of section nine of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945, of redevelopment of land which a local planning authority or a local highway authority or a Minister have or has acquired under Part I of that Act."

(2) If the Secretary of State is satisfied as respects any area of land (being the whole or any part of an area of land acquired by a local planning authority under section nine of

25 & 26 Geo. 5. this Act) that the conditions specified in subsection (1) of c. 41 • section thirteen of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1935, exist in

that area and the land is appropriated by the local planning authority for the purpose of providing housing accommodation under the Housing (Scotland) Acts, 1925 to 1944, or is disposed of by them to another local authority for that purpose, then for the purposes of proviso (a) to subsection (2) of section one of the Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1938 (which provides for the payment of additional Exchequer contributions in certain cases) the area shall be deemed to be a redevelopment area.

(3) If the Secretary of State is satisfied as respects any such area of land as aforesaid that the conditions in the area are such that the land therein could have been acquired under

20 & 21 Geo. 5. Part I of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1930, as being land in, c. 40.

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33. 371

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

or adjoining, or surrounded by a clearance area, and that the Part I. land includes dwelling houses or other premises which are neither unfit for human habitation nor injurious or dangerous to health, then for the purposes of proviso (a) to subsection (2) of section one of the said Act of 1938 the dwelling houses or other premises shall be deemed to have been purchased under Part I of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1930, as being such dwelling houses or other premises as are mentioned in paragraph (li) of the said proviso.

(4) Any increase attributable to this section in the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under section three of the said Act of 1938 shall be payable out of moneys so provided.

48. Nothing in this Act shall authorise the execution of any works below works whether of construction, demolition or alteration on, high-water over or under tidal lands below high-water mark of ordinary mark, spring tides, except with the consent of any persons whose

consent would have been required if this Act had not been passed, and except in accordance with such plans and sections and subject to such restrictions and conditions as, previous to such works being commenced, have been approved by the Minister of War Transport.

49. —(1) Where a Minister or a local planning authority Power of or a local highway authority is or are authorised to purchase entry for any land compulsorily under this Part of this Act, or has or Purposes have under consideration the purchase of any land as afore- valuation! said, an officer of the Valuation Office or any person authorised in writing by the Minister or authority may at all reasonable times, on producing, if so required, evidence of

his authority in that behalf, enter on the land, for the purpose of surveying or estimating the value of the land.

(2) An officer of the Valuation Office or any person authorised in writing by the Secretary of State may at all reasonable times, on producing, if so required, evidence of his authority in that behalf, enter on land for the purpose of surveying it or estimating its value in connection with any proposals relating to the land submitted or to be submitted under section seven of this Act.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding subsections, admission shall not be demanded as of right to any land which is occupied, unless twenty-four hours* notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

(4) If any person obstructs such an officer or other person in the exercise of any power conferred on him by this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

2A2

372

Ch. 33.

Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Part I. —cont. Provisions as to local inquiries.

50.—(1) For the purposes of the execution of his powers and duties under this Act, a Minister may cause to be held such local inquiries as are directed by this Act and such other local inquiries as he may think fit; and the provisions of this section shall apply to any inquiry so held.

(2) The Minister shall appoint a person to hold the inquiry and to report thereon to him.

(3) The person appointed to hold the inquiry shall notify any person who has lodged, and has not withdrawn, objections in relation to any matter in question at the inquiry, and shall publish in such newspaper or newspapers as the Minister may direct a notice, of the time when and the place where the inquiry is to be held.

(4) The person appointed to hold the inquiry may, on the motion of any party thereto or of his own motion, serve a notice in writing on any person requiring him to attend at the time and place set form in the notice to give evidence or to produce any books or documents in his custody or under his control which relate to any matter in question at the inquiry:

Provided that—

(i) no person shall be required in obedience to such a

notice to attend at any place which is more than ten miles from the place where he resides unless the necessary expenses are paid or tendered to him; and

(ii) nothing in this subsection shall empower the person appointed to hold the inquiry to require any person to produce any book or document or to answer any question which he would be entitled, on the ground of privilege or confidentiality, to refuse to produce or to answer if the inquiry were a proceeding in a court of law.

(5) The person appointed to hold the inquiry may administer oaths and examine witnesses on oath ana may accept, in lieu of evidence on oath by any person, a statement in writing by that person.

(6) Any person who refuses or wilfully neglects to attend in otedience to a notice under subsection (4) of this section or to give evidence or who wilfully alters, suppresses, conceals, destroys, or refuses to produce, any book or document which he may be required to produce by any such notice shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding three months.

(7) The Minister may make orders as to the expenses incurred by the parties to the inquiry and as to the parties by whom such expenses shall be paid.

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33. 373

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(8) Any order of the Minister under subsection (7) of this Part I. section requiring any party to pay expenses may be enforced

in like manner as a recorded decree arbitral.

(9) In this section the expression " Minister" means the Secretary of State, or any other Minister authorised under this Act to hold a local inquiry.

51. —(1) On the date on which notice to treat for the pur- Notification poses of a purchase under this Part of this Act is served °* purchases m respect of any interest in land that has sustained war imaged land damage any of which has not been made good at that date, to War

or as soon as may be after that date, the purchasing authority Damage shall notify the War Damage Commission that such a notice Commission, to treat has been served in respect of an interest therein:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a notice to treat deemed by virtue of the Sixth Schedule to this Act to have been served, but when the purchasing authority under a purchase order providing for expedited completion record the order in the appropriate Register of Sasines, they shall notify the Commission of that action having been taken.

(2) If an authority who are authorised by an order under this Part of this Act to purchase compulsorily land which has sustained war damage enter into an agreement for the purchase of an interest in the land, and at the date on which the agreement is made any of the damage has not been made good, the authority shall, on that date or as soon as may be after that date, notify the War Damage Commission that they have entered into an agreement for the purchase of an interest therein. 52

52. —(1) Any notice or other document required or Service of authorised to be served or given under this Act may be served notices* or given either—

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be served or to whom it is to be given; or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of abode of that person, or, in a case in which an address for service has been furnished, at that address; or

(c) by sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to that person at his usual or last known place of abode, or, in a case in which an address for service has been furnished, at that address; or

(d) in the case of a person on whom the notice is required by this Act to be served as being a person appearing from the valuation roll to have an interest in land, by sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to that person at his address as entered in the valuation roll; or

374 Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

Part I. (e) in the case of an incorporated company or body, by

—C07lt- delivering it to the secretary or clerk of the company

or body at their registered or principal office or sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at that office; or

(f) in the case of the War Damage Commission, by delivering it to an officer of the Commission at any office of the Commission, or by sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to the Commission at any office of the Commission:

Provided that a notice or other document that is required or authorised to be served on or given to a person as having an interest in, or being an occupier of, any premises shall be deemed to be duly served on that person,—

(i) where he is a person having an interest and his name

cannot be ascertained after reasonable inquiry, or where he is an occupier, if it is addressed to him by the description of *' the owner " or " the occupier " as the case may be, of the premises describing them) and delivered, left or sent as mentioned in paragraph (a), (6) or (c) of this section;

(ii) where he is a person having an interest and his address cannot be ascertained after reasonable inquiry, or where he is an occupier, if the notice or other document (addressed to him either by name or in accordance with paragraph (i) of this proviso, and marked in such manner as may be prescribed for securing that it shall be plainly identifiable as a communication of importance) is sent in a prepaid registered letter to those premises and is not returned to the authority sending it, or is delivered to some person on those premises, or is affixed conspicuously to some object on those premises;

and where a notice or other document is required to be served on or given to all persons having interests m, or being occupiers of, premises comprised in any land, and any of that land appears to the authority required to serve or give the notice or other document to be unoccupied, it shall be deemed to be duly served on all persons having interests in, and of all occupiers (if any) of, premises comprised in the land so appearing to the authority (other than an owner who in accordance with the provisions of this Act in that behalf has furnished the authority with an address for service of the notice on him) if it is addressed to " the owners and any occupiers " of the land so appearing (describing it) and marked as aforesaid and is affixed conspicuously to some object on that land.

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

(2) Where a notice or other document has been served or given by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be served or to whom it is to be given, or by delivering it in pursuance of paragraph (e) of the foregoing subsection, the notice or document shall be deemed to have been served or given at the time of such delivery, and in any other case shall be deemed to have been served or given on the expiration of forty-eight hours after the time at which it was left, sent or affixed as aforesaid.

Part II.

Compensation in connection with Acquisition of Land for Public Purposes.

53.—(1) Compensation for the compulsory purchase of an Assessment of interest in land by a government department or a local or compensation public authority within the meaning of the Acquisition of ^£nnec on Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, compensation acquisition to be estimated in connection with such a purchase for dam- of land for age sustained by reason of the severing of land the subject Public thereof from other land held therewith or otherwise injuriously to

affecting such other land, and compensation under section six ,93Q prices< of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, in respect of land injuriously affected by the execution of works on land acquired by such a department or authority, shall, except in the case of compensation assessed on the basis specified in rule (5) of the rules set out in section two of the said Act of 1919, be assessed subject to the rule following, that is to say—

The value of any interest in land purchased pursuant to a notice to treat served at any time within the period of five years from the seventeenth day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-four, the amount of any damage sustained by reason of severance or other injurious affection compensation for which it is to be estimated in connection with a purchase of an interest in land pursuant to such a notice, and the amount of any damage sustained by reason of other land being injuriously affected by the execution of works which either is sustained or the amount of which falls to be ascertained at any time within that period, shall be ascertained by reference to prices current at the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, on the assumption that the interest had at that date been subsisting as it was in fact subsisting at the time of the service of the notice to treat, and that the land in which the interest subsisted, and any such other land, had been at that date in the

375

Part I.

—cont.

376

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part II. —coni.

Supplement t( compensation in case of owner-occupiers.

state in which it in fact was at the time of service of the notice to treat.

(2) The rule set out in the preceding subsection shall, in its application to tenancies, to land capable of being redeveloped in combination with other land, to dwelling-houses to which the Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Acts, 1920 to 1925, apply, and to agricultural holdings, have effect subject to the provisions of the Seventh Schedule to this Act.

(3) Compensation for disturbance shall not in any case be assessed at any greater amount than that at which it would have fallen to fee assessed if this section had not been enacted.

54.—(1) Where the person entitled to compensation assessed subject to the rule set out in subsection (1) of the last preceding section for the purchase of an interest in land consisting of or comprising a building (not being agricultural property) or consisting of or comprising agricultural property (that is to say, agricultural land or agricultural buildings as defined in this section, or a farmhouse) is an owner-occupier, he shall be entitled to receive from the purchasing authority, as a supplement to that compensation, such sum, if any, not exceeding the maximum hereinafter specified, as may be reasonable having regard to the extent to which, in all the circumstances of his occupation, he is affected fey the purchase of the interest.

(2) The maximum for the sum which may be paid under this section in respect of an interest in land as consisting of or comprising a building shall be-=-

(a) where the interest in question is that of the proprietor of the dominium utile, thirty per cent, of the value of the building ascertained by reference to prices current at the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine;

(b) where the interest in question is that of a tenant, the amount by which the value of the tenancy in the building ascertained by reference to prices current at the said thirty-first day of March falls short of the value of the tenancy in the building ascertained by reference to prices thirty per cent, greater than those current at that date.

(3) The maximum for the sum which may be paid under this section in respect of an interest in land as consisting of or comprising agricultural property shall be the amount (if any) by which—

(a) the value of the interest in the agricultural property ascertained by reference to prices current at the said thirty-first day of March, falls short of

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(6) the value of the interest in the agricultural property ascertained by reference to prices thirty per cent, greater than those current at that date and on the assumption that that property had been at that date subject to a permanent restriction to use as agricultural property within the meaning of this section.

(4) In making any valuation of a building, of a tenancy in a building or of an interest in agricultural property, which is required for fixing either of the said maxima it shall be assumed that the building or property had been at the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, in the state in which it in fact was at the time of service of the notice to treat, except that, in a case in which the building or property has sustained war damage any of which has not been made good at that time and in respect of which the appropriate payment under the War Damage Act, 1943, would 6 apart from the compulsory purchase be a payment of cost of c* works, it shall be assumed that the building or property had been on the said thirty-first day of March in the state in which it was immediately before the occurrence of the damage.

(5) The person entitled to compensation for the purchase of an interest in land consisting of or comprising a Building or agricultural property shall be deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act to be an owner-occupier if any of the following conditions are satisfied, and not otherwise, that is to say—

(a) if he is in occupation of the building or property at the time of service of the notice to treat;

(b) in the case of a building or property so damaged at that time as not to be fit for occupation, if he was in occupation thereof when the damage occurred;

(c) in the case of a building or property of which possession has been taken without other title by virtue of any enactment or by an authority by whom, and in circumstances in which, possession thereof could have been so taken, and has not been given up before that time, if he was in occupation thereof when possession was so taken; or

(d) if-

(i) the title under which the building or property is held at that time is such that he then has the right to enter into occupation thereof or will be in a position to obtain that right within five years from that time, and

(ii) it was at that time his intention, subject to its being possible for him so to do, to enter into

377

Part II.

—cont.

& 7 Geo. 6. 21.

378

Part II.

—cord.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 34.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

occupation of the building or property within the said five years, or, if it is so damaged as not to be fit for occupation, to cause it to be restored for his occupation, or to enter into occupation of premises to be substituted therefor, within the said five years.

(6) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection—

(a) references to the person entitled to the compensation shall, where that person holds as trustee or otherwise for the benefit of another or subject to the directions of another, be construed subject to such adaptations as may be prescribed;

(b) references to occupation of a building or property include references to occupation of a part thereof,

. so however that a person shall not be treated under this paragraph as in occupation of a building or property by virtue of his occupying a part thereof if he occupies it wholly or mainly in connection with the management, supervision or control of the building or property as a whole.

(c) a person shall be treated as in occupation of a building or property if it is in the occupation of a person in his employment for the purposes of that employment, so however that a person shall not be treated under this paragraph as in occupation of a building or property by virtue of any occupation thereof by a person employed by him as caretaker of that building or property;

(d) no regard shall be had to any impediment to a right to enter into occupation arising from the subsistence of a tenancy which is subject to a right on the part of the landlord to terminate it by notice at or before the end of such one of the periods specified in subsection (2) of section one of the Validation of Wartime Leases Act, 1944, as is appropriate to the lease or agreement, or arising from the operation of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1939 (or of any enactment amending or replacing any enactment in those Acts), or arising from the subsistence by virtue of any enactment of a right to possession of land without other title thereto;

(e) no regard shall be had to occupation or intended occupation of a building or property entered into, or intended to be entered into, with a view to rendering a sum payable under this section in a case in which it would not otherwise have been payable.

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33. 379

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(7) In this section the following expressions have the mean- Part ii. ings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say— —com.

" agricultural land 0 means any land used for agricultural or pastoral purposes only, or as wood-lands, market gardens, orchards, allotments, or allotment gardens, gardens exceeding one-quarter acre attached to a house occupied as a dwelling by a person of the labouring classes and any land exceeding one-quarter acre used for the purpose of poultry farming, but does not include any land occupied together with a house as a park, garden or pleasure ground, or any land kept or preserved mainly or exclusively for sporting purposes; and the expression " agricultural purposes shall be construed accordingly;

" agricultural buildings" means buildings (other than dwelling houses) occupied together with agricultural land, or being or forming part of a market garden, and in either case used solely in connection with agricultural operations thereon;

" farmhouse" means a house used as the dwelling-house of a person who is primarily engaged in carrying out or directing agricultural operations on land in the neighbourhood of the house. 55

55. Where compensation assessed subject to the rule set out Supplement to in subsection (1) of section fifty-three of this Act is for the compensation purchase of an interest in land which, after the thirty-first day fn case of of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and before theunprovemen 8 time of service of the notice to treat, has been improved by the erection thereon of a building or by improvements made to a building or to agricultural land comprised therein, the person entitled to the compensation shall be entitled to receive from the purchasing authority, as a supplement to that compensation, such sum, if any, by way of addition to the value, ascertained by reference to prices current at the said thirty-first day of March, of the purchased interest in the land so far as attributable to the improvements, as may be reasonable having regard to all the circumstances, including in particular the cost of the improvements, any provision which may have been made for the payment of any of the cost thereof out of public moneys, ana any increased returns or increased prices m respect of, or of products of, work done on the improved land m so far as it appears that the increase was intended to make provision for recovery of capital applied in making the improvements apart from provision for depreciation.

380 Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Part ii. 56.—(i) On a claim being made for payment of a sum

—cont. under either of the two last preceding sections as a supple-

Supplemental ment to any compensation, the purchasing authority may

rating to settle the claim in agreement with the person entitled to the

the two compensation, and in default of agreement the claim shall

preceding be referred to and determined by an arbiter to be appointed

sections. in accordance with the provisions of the Acquisition of Land

(Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919:

Provided that—

(a) the sheriff shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any question arising on such a claim whether the claimant is a person who is to be deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act to be an owner-occupier; and

(b) in lieu of the provisions of the said Act ot 1919 as to the statement of special cases, the arbiter may at any stage of the proceedings before him, and shall if so directed by the sheriff, state in the form of a special case for the opinion of the sheriff any question of law arising in the course of the proceedings, and may state his award as to the whole or part thereof in the form of a special case for the opinion of the sheriff.

The opinion of the sheriff on any question brought before him under this subsection shall be final, unless either party appeals to the Court of Session, from whose decision no appeal shall lie.

(2) The Treasury may make regulations prescribing the manner in which, and matters by reference to which, any valuation required for the purposes of the determination of a claim for payment of a sum under either of the two last preceding sections is to be made.

(3) Provision may be made by an order made by the Treasury and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament for substituting, in view of any circumstances arising since the passing of this Act, for any reference in section fifty-four of this Act to thirty per cent, a reference to such higher or lower percentage as may be specified in the order, either generally or as respects any particular provision of that section.

An order or orders may be made under this subsection as respects such period or respective periods as appear to the Treasury to be appropriate, and any such order shall have effect (if approved as aforesaid) in relation to interests in respect of which notices to treat are served during the period as respects which the order is made.

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33. 381

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(4) Where the person entitled to any compensation would Part ii. apart from this provision be entitled to receive a sum as a —cont. supplement to that compensation under both of the two last preceding sections, he shall be entitled to receive whichever of

those sums is the greater, to the exclusion of the other.

(5) A sum payable under either of the two last preceding sections as a supplement to any compensation shall be held and disposed of in like manner as if it had formed part of the compensation, and, where the compensation carries interest, shall carry interest at the rate and from the date at and from which interest on the compensation is payable.

57. —(1) The provisions of the Eighth Schedule to this Act Ascertainment shall have effect as to the ascertainment of the compensation of compensator the compulsory purchase of an interest in the whole of tion for

the land in a hereditament within the meaning of the War Damage Act, 1943, the value of which is required by that ynder the Act to be ascertained by reference to its state after war war Damage damage. Act, 1943-

(2) In this section, and in the Eighth Schedule to this Act, references to the compensation for the compulsory purchase of an interest shall be construed as references to the compensation payable apart from any supplement under section fifty-four or fifty-five of this Act.

58. —(1) The rate of interest for any period after the com- power to mencement of this Act on compensation which fell or falls, prescribe rate in default of agreement, to be ascertained in accordanceof

with the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) ^made*5 Act, 1919 (whether as originally enacted or as amended by before this Act), in respect of land compulsorily purchased on which payment of entry has been made before the payment of the compensation compensation, shall, in lieu of being the rate of five per cent, specified in section eighty-four of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, be four per cent, per annum or such oilier rate as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Treasury under this section.

(2) The Treasury may from time to time make regulations prescribing the rate at which such interest as aforesaid for the period after the coming into force of the regulations, and before the coming into force of any subsequent regulations made under this section, is to be payable.

Part III.

General.

59.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise Regulations, requires, the expression " prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State.

382

Part III.

—cont.

Expenses of, and borrowing by, local authorities.

Powers of official arbiter on references to him.

Interpretation.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(2) Any regulations made under this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if either House of Parliament within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which the regulations are laid before that House resolves that the regulations be annulled the regulations shall thereupon become void, without prejudice, however, to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

60. —(1) Any expenses incurred by a local planning authority under this Act shall be defrayed as if they were expenses incurred by the authority under the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932; and any expenses incurred by a highway authority under this Act shall be defrayed in like manner as expenses incurred by the authority on highways.

(2) A local authority may borrow for the purposes of this Act m accordance with the provisions of section twenty-three of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929.

(3) Every sum borrowed under this Act shall be repaid within such period as the local authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, determine.

(4) Nothing in this Act shall authorise the exercise of any power of borrowing money or the making of any issue of capital without compliance with the requirements of any regulation for the time being in force under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, or of any order made under any such regulation.

61. An official arbiter appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, to whose determination any matter is referred under this Act shall have the like powers with respect to procedure, costs and the statement of special cases as he has under that Act, except in so far as is otherwise provided by this Act. 62

62. —(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say—

" appropriate Minister/’ in relation to a statutory undertaking, has the meaning assigned to it by section thirteen of this Act;

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

383

" clearing" means preparing land to the prescribed extent for development, including the construction of any prescribed works in the course of so preparing it;

" development " includes re-development;

" first local advertisement" means in relation to the publication of a notice as respects any land, the first publication of the notice in a newspaper circulating m the locality where the land is situated, and includes, in relation to a notice so published once only, die publication thereof;

* Gazette and local advertisement' ’ means, in relation to an application, order or certificate relating to any land, publication in the Edinburgh Gazette and, in each of two successive weeks, in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality in which the land is situated;

" interim development application " and " interim development authority " have the same meanings as in the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) (Scotland) Act, 1943;

" land " includes land covered with water and any interest in land and any servitude or right in or over land;

0 loan charges" means the sums required for the payment of interest on borrowed moneys and for the repayment thereof either by instalments or by means of a sinking fund;

" local enactment" means an enactment in any local or private Act of Parliament and a provision in a statutory order;

" local highway authority" means a highway authority other than the Minister of War Transport;

" local planning authority" means such a council as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section two of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, and any council to whom powers and duties have been transferred under subsection (2) of that section;

" owner,* in relation to any building or land, includes any person who under the Lands Clauses Acts would be enabled to sell and convey the building or land to the promoters of an undertaking, and includes also a lessee under a lease or agreement, the unexpired period of which exceeds three years;

" planning scheme" means a scheme under the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, and

Part III.

—cont.

384

Ch. 33.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part III. —cant.

15 & 16 Geo.

c. 17.

Short title and extent.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

includes a town planning scheme under the Town Planning (Scotland) Act, 1925, or any enactment repealed by that Act;

" purchasing authority " includes a Minister purchasing under mis Act;

" purchase order providing for expedited completion " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (3) of section seventeen of this Act;

" statutory order" means an order or scheme made under an Act of Parliament, including an order or scheme confirmed by Parliament;

" statutory undertaking " has the meaning assigned to it by section thirteen of this Act;

" Valuation Office" means the Valuation Office of the Inland Revenue Department;

" valuation roll" means the valuation roll for the year current at the time when the notice is served, or, if the notice is served after the fifteenth day of May and before the first day of October in any year, the valuation roll for the preceding year;

" war damage " has the meaning assigned to it by the War Damage Act, 1943;

(2) References in this Act to any other enactment shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by this Act or by or under any other enactment.

(3) Words in this Act importing a reference to service of a notice to treat shall be construed as including a reference to the constructive service of such a notice which, by virtue of the Sixth Schedule to this Act or of any other enactment, is to be deemed to be served.

63.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(2) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

I945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Sections 1

25, 26.

PROCEDURE FOR DEALING WITH OBJECTIONS.

1___(1) The following provisions of this Schedule shall have effect

where an objection is duly made to—

(a) an application for an order under section one of this Act;

(b) a proposal to make an order under section twenty-two thereof;

(c) the making of an order under section twenty-five or twenty-

six thereof;

(d) an order authorising a compulsory purchase submitted by a local planning authority or a local highway authority, or prepared in draft by a Minister, in accordance with the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act;

and is not withdrawn.

(2) An objection shall not be deemed for the purposes of any of the said enactments or of this Schedule to be duly made unless—

(a) it is made within the time and in the manner specified in the notice required by the relevant enactment referred to in the preceding sub-paragraph, and

(b) the objection comprises, or there is submitted therewith, a statement in writing of the grounds thereof.

(3) In this Schedule, the expression " the Minister" means the • Minister or Ministers having jurisdiction to make or confirm the order

in question.

2. Unless the Minister decides apart from the objection not to make or confirm the order, or decides to make a modification agreed to by the person making the objection as meeting the objection, the Minister shall, before deciding whether to make or confirm the order, or what modification if any ought to be made, consider the grounds of the objection as set out in the statement, and may, if he thinks fit, require the person making the objection to submit within a specified period a further statement in writing as to any of the matters to which the objection relates.

3. In so far as the Minister is satisfied, after considering the grounds of the objection as set out in the original statement and any such further statement—

(a) that the objection relates to a matter which can be dealt with by an arbiter by whom compensation is to be assessed, or

(b) in the case of an objection to an order authorising a compulsory purchase of land as to which an order under section one

2 B

386

1ST SCH. —coni.

Sections 2,3, 4 9. 10, 42.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

of this Act is in force, that the objection is made on the ground that the purchase is unnecessary or inexpedient, the Minister may treat the objection as irrelevant for the purpose of his deciding as aforesaid.

4. If after considering the grounds of the objection as set out in the original statement and any such further statement, the Minister is satisfied that he is sufficiently informed, for the purpose of his deciding as aforesaid, as to the matters to which the objection relates, or if where a further statement has been required it is not submitted within the specified period, the Minister may decide as aforesaid without further investigation as to those matters.

5. Subject as mentioned in the two last preceding paragraphs, the Minister shall, before deciding as aforesaid, afford to die person making the objection an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose by the Minister, and if he avails himself thereof the Minister shall afford an opportimity of appearing and being heard on the same occasion to the authority or other person (if any) making the application or representation or submitting the order in question and to any other persons to whom it appears to the Minister to be expedient to afford it.

6. Notwithstanding anything in paragraphs 2 to 5 of this Schedule, if it appears to the Minister that the matters to which the objection relates are such as to require investigation by public local inquiry before he decides as aforesaid, he shall cause such an inquiry to be held, and where he determines to cause such an inquiry to be held, any of the requirements of those paragraphs to which effect has not been given at the time when he so determines shall be dispensed with.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

PROCEDURE FOR AUTHORISING COMPULSORY PURCHASE.

. Part I.

Purchases by local planning authorities or by local highway authorities.

1. —(1) An order made by a local planning authority or a local highway authority authorising a compulsory purchase under this Act shall designate the land to which the order relates by reference to a map or maps annexed thereto either with or without descriptive matter (which, in case of any discrepancy with the map or maps, shall prevail except in so far as may be otherwise provided by the order).

(2) Subject as aforesaid the form of such an order shall be such as may be prescribed.

2. —(1) After submitting such an order to the Secretary of State, the authority shall publish a notice in the prescribed form describing the land, stating that an order authorising the compulsory purchase thereof

*945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

38/

has been submitted to the Secretary of State, naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map or maps and any descriptive matter annexed thereto may be seen at all reasonable hours, and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days from the first local advertisement) within which and the manner in which objections to the order may be made.

(2) The authority shall serve on every person appearing from the valuation roll to have an interest in any of the land to which the order relates and on such other persons as the Secretary of State may specify, whether individually or as members of a class of persons a notice to the like effect as that of the notice required by the preceding sub-paragraph to be published:

Provided that this sub-paragraph shall not have effect in the case of an order which relates only to land as to which an order under section one of this Act is in force.

(3) The notice required as aforesaid to be published shall be published—

(a) in the case of an order which relates only to land as to which an order under section one of this Act is in force, by Gazette and local advertisement; or

(b) in a case in which service as aforesaid is effected, in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality in which the land to which the order relates is situated.

(4) Publication as aforesaid, and service as aforesaid if any, shall be effected, in the case of an order which relates only to land as to which an order under section one of this Act is in force, as soon as may be after the order has been submitted, and, in any other case, as soon as may be after the order has been submitted and service as aforesaid has been effected.

3. The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the order if any objection thereto is duly made.

4. Subject to the provisions of the said Schedule in a case in which those provisions have effect, the Secretary of State may confirm the order as submitted, either without modification or with any modification except (unless all persons interested consent) a modification extending the order to any land not designated by the order as submitted.

5. As soon as may be after the order has been confirmed, the authority shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality in which the land thereby designated is situated a notice in the prescribed form describing the land, stating that the order has been confirmed and naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map or maps and any descriptive matter annexed thereto may be seen at all reasonable hours, and shall serve a like notice on—

(a) any owner or occupier of any of the land thereby designated who, at any time after the publication of the notice of the order as submitted, has sent to the authority a request in

2 B 2

2ND SCH. —cont.

388

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

2ND Sen. —cont

writing to serve him with the notice required by this paragraph specifying an address for service and giving the prescribed particulars of his interest;'

(6) any person who has duly made an objection to the order and at the time of making it or thereafter has sent to the authority such a request as aforesaid; and

(c) such other persons, if any, as the Secretary of State may specify, whether individually or as members of a class of persons.

6. The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision for enabling proceedings required for the purposes of paragraphs 1 to 3 of this Schedule to be taken, in the case of an order authorising a compulsory purchase of land as to which an application for an order under section one of this Act is pending, contemporaneously with the proceedings on that application, so far as may be practicable.

Part II.

Purchases by Ministers.

7. —(1) An order made by a Minister authorising a compulsory purchase under this Act, other than an order giving an authorisation in acccordance with section thirteen of this Act, shall designate the land to which it relates as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule.

(2) Subject as aforesaid the form of such an order shall be such as the Minister making the order may determine.

8. Where a Minister proposes to make such an order, he shall prepare a draft thereof and shall as soon as may be thereafter publish *in the manner mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule and serve on every person appearing from the valuation roll to have an interest in any of the land to which the draft relates and on any other persons on whom he may think it proper to effect such service a notice, in such form as he may determine, similar, with requisite adaptations, to the notice mentioned in that paragraph.

9. Paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to such an order, with the substitution, for references to the Secretary of State, and to the authority, of references to the Minister having jurisdiction to make the order, and, for references to an order as submitted and to the confirmation of an order, of references respectively to an order as prepared in draft and to the making of an order. 10

10. In the case of an order under section four of this Act relating to land as to which an application for an order under section one of this Act is pending, such of the proceedings required for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule as it appears to the Ministers having jurisdiction to make the order under section four of this Act to be practicable to take contemporaneously with the proceedings on that application may be so taken.

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33,

389

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Section 13.

PROCEDURE for authorising compulsory purchase

OF STATUTORY UNDERTAKERS’ LAND.

Purchases by local planning authority or by a local highway authority.

1. An application by a local planning authority or a local highway authority for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of section thirteen of this Act shall be in such form as may be prescribed, and shall describe by reference to a map the land to which the application relates.

2. As soon as may be after submitting the application to the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister, the authority shall serve on every owner, lessee and occupier of any land to which the application relates a notice in the prescribed form describing the land, stating that an application under the said subsection (4) has been submitted in relation to the land and is about to be considered by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister, naming a place where a copy of the application and of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours, and specifying the times (not being less than twenty-eight days from the service of the notice) within which and the manner in which objections to the application may be made.

3.—(1) If no objection is duly made by any of the persons on whom notices are required to be served, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister may,' if they think fit, make an order in accordance with the application, either without modification or with any modification except (unless all persons interested consent) a modification extending the order to any land to which the application did not relate.

(2) If any objection is duly made by any of the persons on whom notices are required to be served and is not withdrawn, the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister shall before making an order on the application consider the objection and shall, if either the person by whom the objection was made or the authority so desire, afford that person and the authority an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister for the purpose, and may then, if the}' think fit, make an order as aforesaid.

(3) An objection shall not be deemed for the purposes of the said subsection (4) or of this Schedule to be duly made unless—

(a) it is made within the time and in the manner specified in the notice in that behalf, and

(b) the objection comprises, or there is submitted therewith, a statement in writing of the grounds thereof.

Part I.

39°

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3RD SCH. —ccmt.

4. An order made on such an application shall be in such form as the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister may determine, and shall describe by reference-to a map the land to which the order relates.

5. —(1) As soon as may be after an order has bfeen made on such an application, the authority shall serve on every owner, lessee and occupier of any land to which the order relates a notice in the prescribed form stating that the order has been made and naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours.

(2) In relation to an order made on such an application, references in this Act to notices of the confirmation of an order required to be published shall be construed as references to the notices required by the preceding sub-paragraph to be served, and references to the date of first publication of notices of the confirmation of an order shall be construed as references to the date on which the service of notices required by the preceding sub-paragraph is completed.

Part II.

Purchases by Ministers.

6. An order made by a Minister and the appropriate Minister for the purposes of paragraph (6) of subsection (4) of section thirteen of this Act shall be in such form as they may determine, and shall describe by reference to a map the land to which the order relates.

7. Where a Minister and the appropriate Minister propose to make such an order, they shall prepare a draft thereof and shall as soon as may be thereafter serve on every owner, lessee and occupier of any land to which the draft relates a notice in such form as they may determine describing the land, stating that the making of the order is proposed, naming a place where a copy of the draft and of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours, and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days from the service of the notice) within which and the manner in which objections to the proposal may be made.

8. Paragraphs 3 and 5 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to such an order, with the substitution for references to the Secretary of State of references to the Minister having, in conjunction with the appropriate Minister, jurisdiction to make the order, and, for references to an application and to the making of an order thereon, of references to an order as prepared in draft and to the making of an order, with the omission of the references in sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 3 to the applicant authority, and with the substitution for the references in paragraph 5 to that authority of a reference to the Minister having jurisdiction as aforesaid.

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

39i

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Sections 13, 24,

34# 35-

ASSESSMENT OF COMPENSATION TO STATUTORY UNDERTAKERS.

1. The compensation to be paid—

(a) in respect of a compulsory purchase authorised under subsection (4) of section thirteen of this Act, as respects the interest of the person -by whom the statutory undertaking in question is carried on,

(b) in respect of the extinguishment of any right, or the imposition of any # requirement, under section twenty-four of this Act,

(c) in respect of the refusal of permission to develop land, or the - granting of such permission subject to conditions, by the Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister under section thirty-four of this Act, or in respect of the revocation or modification of any such permission granted as mentioned in subsection (1) of section thirty-five of this Act,

shall in default of agreement be assessed by the arbitration of the tribunal constituted in accordance with the provisions of Part II of this Schedule, and the amount of the compensation shall be an amount calculated in accordance with the provisions of the next following paragraph:

Provided that, as respects compensation in respect of a compulsory purchase, if before the expiration of two months from the date on which notice to treat is served, in respect of the interest of the person by whom the statutory undertaking is carried on that person gives notice in writing to the purchasing authority that he elects thg.t as respects all or any of the land comprised in the purchase the compensation shall be ascertained in accordance with the enactments, other than rule (5) of the rules set out in section two of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, which would be applicable apart from the provisions of this Schedule, the compensation shall be so ascertained.

2. —(1) The amount of the said compensation shall, subject to the provisions of this paragraph, be the aggregate of the following amounts, that is to say,—

(a) the amount of any expenditure reasonably incurred in acquiring land, providing apparatus, erecting buildings or doing work for the purpose of any adjustment of the carrying on of the undertaking rendered necessary by the proceeding giving rise to compensation, and

Part I.

Amount of Compensation.

392

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

4TH SCH. —cont.

(b) when any such adjustment is made, the estimated amount of any decrease in net receipts from the carrying on of the undertaking pending the adjustment, in so far as the decrease is directly attributable to the said proceeding together with such amount as appears reasonable compensation for any estimated decrease in net receipts from the carrying on of the undertaking in the period after the adjustment has been completed, in so far as the decrease is directly attributable to the adjustment; or

(c) where no such adjustment is made, such amount as appears reasonable compensation for any estimated decrease in net receipts from the carrying on of the undertaking which is directly attributable to the proceeding giving rise to compensation; and

(d) in the case of compensation in respect of the imposition of a requirement under section twenty-four of this Act to remove any apparatus, any expense reasonably incurred by the person carrying on the undertaking in complying with the requirements reduced by the value after removal of the apparatus removed.

(2) The amount of any compensation assessed in accordance with the preceding sub-paragraph shall be reduced by such amount (if any) as appears to the tribunal to be appropriate to offset—

(a) the estimated value of any property (whether moveable or heritable) belonging to the person carrying on the statutory undertaking in question and used for the carrying on thereof which as the result of any such adjustment as is mentioned in the preceding sub-paragraph cease to be so used, in so far as the value of the property has not been taken into account under head ( d) of the preceding sub-paragraph; and

(b) the estimated amount of any increase in net receipts from the carrying on of the undertaking in the period after any such adjustment has been completed, in so far as that amount has not been taken into account under head (6) of the preceding sub-paragraph and is directly attributable to the adjustment,

and by any further amount which appears to the tribunal to be appropriate having regard to any increase in the capital value of heritable property belonging to the person carrying on the statutory undertaking in question which is directly attributable to any such adjustment as aforesaid, allowance being made for any reduction made under head (6) of this sub-paragraph.

(3) References in this paragraph to a decrease in net receipts shall be construed as references to the amount by which a balance of receipts over expenditure is decreased, or of expenditure over receipts is increased, or, where a balance of receipts over expenditure is converted into a balance of expenditure over receipts, as references to the aggregate of the two balances; and references to an increase in net receipts shall be construed accordingly.

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

393

Ch. 33.

(4) In this paragraph the expression " proceeding giving rise to compensation" means the particular action (that is to say, purchase, extinguishment of a right, imposition of a requirement, refusal of permission, grant of permission subject to conditions, or revocation or modification of permission) in respect of which compensation falls to be assessed, as distinct from any development or project in connection with which the action in question may have been taken.

Part II.

Tribunal for assessment of compensation to statutory undertakers.

3-—i1) The tribunal for the assessment of compensation referred to in Part I of this Schedule shall consist of four persons, namely—

(a) an advocate or solicitor of not less than seven years’ standing, appointed by the Lord President of the Court of Session to act as chairman;

(b) two persons appointed by the Secretary of State as persons having special knowledge and experience of the valuation of land and of civil engineering respectively; and

(c) for each claim coming before the tribunal, a person selected by the appropriate Minister, as a person having special knowledge and experience of statutory undertakings of the kind carried on by the claimant, from the members of a panel appointed by appropriate Ministers of persons appearing to them to have such knowledge and experience of statutory undertakings.

(2) The Treasury may pay out of moneys provided by Parliament to the members of the tribunal such remuneration (whether by way of salaries or by way of fees), and such allowances, as the Treasury may determine. 3

(3) The provisions of sections three, five and six of the Acquisition of Land»(Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall apply in relation to the tribunal and proceedings before the tribunal as they apply in relation to an official arbiter and proceedings before an official arbiter, with the substitution for references in the said section five to the acquiring authority of references to the authority or Minister from whom compensation is claimed.

4^ Sch. —cord.

394

Sectional 7.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 19.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

•FIFTH SCHEDULE.

MODIFICATIONS OF LANDS CLAUSES ACTS, RAILWAYS CLAUSES CONSOLIDATION (SCOTLAND) ACT, 1845, AND ACQUISITION OF LAND (ASSESSMENT OF COMPENSATION) ACT, 1919, FOR PURPOSES OF PART I.

Part I.

The Lands Clauses Acts.

1.—(1) In construing the Lands Clauses Acts and the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, as incorporated with Part I of this Act—

(a) Part I of this Act, or, in relation to a compulsory purchase, the said Part I (together, in the case of a purchase authorised by virtue of such an order as is mentioned in section four of this Act, with the relevant enactment mentioned in that section) and the order by which the purchase is authorised, shall be deemed to be the special Act;

(b) in relation *to a compulsory purchase, references to the promoters of the undertaking or to the railway company shall be construed as references to the purchasing authority;

(c) references to the execution of the works or to the construction

of the railway shall be construed as including references to any erection, construction or carrying out of buildings or works authorised by Part I of this Act; and in relation^ to any such erection, construction or carrying out references in section six of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, to the railway company shall be construed as references to the person by whom the buildings or works in question are erected, constructed or carried out; and

(d) references to the execution of the works or to the construction of the railway shall be construed as including also references to any erection, construction or carrying out of buildings or works on behalf of a Minister on land purchased by him under Part I of this Act for the purposes for which the land was purchased. 2

(2) For the purposes of section one hundred and sixteen of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845 (which provides that powers of compulsory purchase shall not be exercised after the expiration of the prescribed period) the prescribed period shall be, in relation to any purchase, three years from the coming into operation of the order authorising it.

2. The following sections of the Lands Glauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, shall be excepted from incorporation with Part I of this Act, that is to say,—

(a) sections one hundred and twenty to one hundred and twenty-four (which relate to sale of superfluous land);

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 33.

395

(6) section one hundred and twenty-seven (which relates to promoters making good deficiencies in land tax and rates); and

(c) sections one hundred and forty-two and one hundred and forty-three (which relate to access to the special Act).

3. 'Die purchasing authority shall, without prejudice to any power in that behalf exercisable by them apart from this paragraph, be entitled, notwithstanding anything in section seventeen of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, or in any other provision of the Lands Clauses Acts, to purchase one or some of two or more interests subsisting therein without purchasing the other or others of them.

4. —(1) When the purchasing authority have served notice to treat on every owner of any land, they may at any time thereafter serve a notice on every occupier of any of the land, and on every other person who having been served with a notice to treat has requested the authority in writing to serve him with any notice under this sub-paragraph and has furnished them with an address for service thereof, describing the land to which the notice relates and stating their intention to enter on and take possession thereof at the expiration of such period (not being less than twenty-eight days) from the date on which the notice is served as may be therein specified.

(2) At the expiration of the period specified in such a notice (or, where two or more such notices are required, and the periods specified in the several notices do not expire at the same time, of the last of those periods to expire), or at any time thereafter, the purchasing authority may enter on and take possession of the land without previous consent or compliance with sections eighty-three to eighty-eight of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, but subject to the payment of the like compensation for the land of which possession is taken, and interest on the compensation agreed or awarded, as they would have been required to pay if those provisions had been complied with.

(3) This paragraph shall not have effect in relation to a purchase authorised by a purchase order providing for expedited completion being a purchase of land as respects which the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act apply to the order.

5—(1) The following provisions shall have effect in substitution for the provisions of section ninety of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, that is to say, no person shall be required to sell a part only of any house, building or manufactory, or of a park or garden belonging to a house, if he is willing and able to sell the whole of the house, building, manufactory, park or garden unless the arbiter determines that in the case of a house, building, or manufactory such part as is proposed to be taken can be taken without material detriment to the house, building or manufactory, or, in the case of a park or garden, that such part as aforesaid can be taken without seriously affecting the amenity or convenience of the house, and, if he so determines, he shall award compensation in respect of any loss due to the severance of the part so proposed to be taken, in addition to the value of that part, and thereupon the party interested shall be required to

5TH SCH. —coni.

396

5TH SCH —cont.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 40.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

sell to the purchasing authority that part of the house, building, manufactory, park or garden.

(2) This paragraph shall not have effect in relation to a purchase authorised by a purchase order providing for expedited completion being a purchase of land as respects which the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act apply to the order.

6. Notices required to be served by the purchasing authority may, notwithstanding anything in section eighteen of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, be served and addressed in the manner specified in section fifty-two of this Act -in relation' to notices required to be served under this Act.

Part II.

The Acquisition of Land ( Assessment of Compensation) , 1919.

7. The arbiter shall not take into account any interest in land, or any enhancement of the value of any interest in land by reason of any building erected, work done or improvement or alteration made, whether on the land purchased or on any other land with which the claimant is, or was at the time of the erection, doing or making of the building, works, improvement or alteration, directly or indirectly concerned, if the arbiter is satisfied that the creation of the interest, the erection of the building, the doing of the work, the making of the improvement or the alteration, as thf case may be, was not reasonably necessary and was undertaken with a view to obtaining compensation or increased compensation.

8. —(1) As respects any dwelling-house in the district of a local authority for the purposes of the Housing (Scotland) Acts, 1925 to 1944, which in their opinion is unfit for human habitation and not capable at reasonable expense of being rendered so fit, and which is comprised—

(a) in land designated by an order made under section one of this Act, or

(b) in land for the compulsory purchase of which a local planning authority or a local highway authority have resolved to seek authorisation under any enactment in Part I of this Act, or as respects which a Minister proposes to make an order under section three, four or nine thereof,

the local authority for the purposes of the said Acts may make and submit to the Secretary of State an order in such form as may be prescribed by regulations made by him under section forty-four of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1930, declaring the house to be in that state, and, if the order is confirmed by him, the compensation to be paid for the house on a Gompulsory purchase thereof pursuant to any authorisation given by an order under any enactment in Part I of this Act confirmed or made by the Minister having jurisdiction to give such authorisation either before or within two years after the confirmation by the Secretary of State of the order submitted under this paragraph, shall be assessed in like manner as if it had been a dwelling-house specified in a compulsory purchase order as unfit for human habitation and purchased compulsorily under Part I of the Housing (Scotland)

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Act, 1930, and the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation)

Act, 1919, shall accordingly have effect, in its application for the purposes of Part I of this Act, subject to this provision.

(2) Before submitting an order under this paragraph to the Secretary of State, the local authority shall serve on the owner of and, so far as it is reasonably practicable to ascertain such persons, on the superior of, and on every holder of a heritable security over the dwelling-house or of any part thereof, a notice in such form as may be prescribed as mentioned in the preceding sub-paragraph, stating the effect of the order and that it is about to be submitted to the Secretary of State for confirmation, and specifying the time within which and the manner in which objection thereto can be made.

(3) If no objection is duly made by any of the persons on whom notices are required to be served, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, confirm the order, but in any other case he shall before confirming the order consider any objection not being withdrawn and shall, if either the person by whom the objection was made or the local authority so desire, afford that person and the authority an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose, and may then, if he thinks fit, confirm the order.

(4) Where the provisions of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph

have effect as to the compensation to be paid for a dwelling-house on a compulsory purchase thereof under any enactment in Part I of this Act, the provisions of section fifty-eight of the Housing (Scotland) 25 & Geo. 5.

Act, 1935 (which relate to payments in respect of well-maintained c. 41. houses) shall have effect, as they have effect where a dwelling-house

is made the subject of a compulsory purchase order under Part I of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1930, as being unfit for human habitation, if the Secretary of State is satisfied as mentioned in that section on a representation made to him by a person who would be entitled to any payment under that section or to a share thereof within three months from his first becoming aware that a notice to treat for the purchase of any interest in the house has been served:

Provided that, in the application of that section for the purposes of this sub-paragraph, there shall be substituted, for references therein to the local authority therein mentioned and to the order therein mentioned, references respectively to the purchasing authority and to the order by which the purchase of the house is authorised.

(5) In this paragraph the expression " dwelling-house " has the

same meaning as in the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925, and *5 & *6 5.

in determining for the purposes of this paragraph whether ac* I5‘

dwelling-house is fit for human habitation regard shall be had to

the matters to which regard is required by section forty-nine

of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1930, to be had in determining

that question for the purposes of that Act, and sections one hundred

and four and one hundred and nine of the Housing (Scotland) Act,

1925 (which relate to the surveying and examination of land) shall have effect as if the powers conferred by this paragraph were powers under that Act.

9. The power conferred by subsection (2) of section five of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, to

397

5TH SCH. —cont.

39«

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6

5th Sch. withdraw a notice to treat shall not be exercisable in the case of a

—coni. notice to treat which is deemed to have been served by virtue of

section eleven of this Act.

Sections 17.51. SIXTH SCHEDULE.

62.

PROCEDURE FOR COMPLETION OF COMPULSORY PURCHASE UNDER ORDERS PROVIDING FOR EXPEDITED

COMPLETION.

Part I.

Procedure for expedited completion.

1.—(1) Except as provided by sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph, when a purchase order providing for expedited completion has come into operation the Lands Clauses Acts and the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall have effect as if a notice to treat (that is to say, such a notice as is mentioned in section seventeen of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845) had been served on all the parties interested in the land as respects which this Schedule applies by virtue of the order or the parties enabled by the said Act of 1845 to sell and convey the same or their rights and interests therein.

(2) The date on which a notice to treat is to be deemed by virtue of the preceding sub-paragraph to have been served on any party shall be the date on which the order is recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines in pursuance of section sixteen of this Act.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, no notice to treat shall be deemed to be served on any person in respect of an interest being either—

(a) a short tenancy (that is to say a tenancy for a year or from year to year or any less interest); or

(b) a long tenancy which is about to expire (that is to say, a tenancy granted for a period longer than a year or from year to year which at the date when apart from this provision notice to treat would be deemed by virtue of the said sub-paragraph (1) to be served on the owner of the tenancy, has still to run only such period longer than a year as may be specified in the order for the purposes of the operation of this provision in relation to the land in which the tenancy subsists, the period which the tenancy has then still to run being ascertained on the assumption that the tenant will exercise any option to renew the tenancy, and will not exercise any option to determine the tenancy, then or thereafter available to him and that the landlord will exercise any option to determine the tenancy then or thereafter available to him).

1945* Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

(4) The reference in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph to the Lands Clauses Acts and the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, is to those enactments as modified by the Fifth Schedule to this Act and by paragraph 3 and Part II of this Schedule (and as amended by Part II of this Act).

2. The notice of the confirmation of an order authorising compulsory purchase required by this Act to be published shall, in the case of a purchase order providing for expedited completion, include a notification to the effect that every person entitled to claim compensation in respect of any of the land as respects which this Schedule applies by virtue of the order, or in respect of any interest in any such land, is invited to give information to the purchasing authority in such form as may be prescribed of his name and address and of the land and interest in question.

3. —(1) At any time or from time to time after the coming into operation of a purchase order providing for expedited completion but not earlier than such time as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, the purchasing authority may execute, as respects an area consisting either of the whole or a part of the land as respects which this Schedule applies by virtue of the order, a declaration designating that area and stating—

(a) their intention to enter on the land in the designated area and take possession thereof at the expiration of such period (not being less than twenty-eight days) as may be specified therein from the date on which the service of notices on occupiers required by sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph is completed; and

(6) that at the expiration of that period the purchasing authority will expede a notice of title which, on being recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines, will vest the land in the designated area in the authority.

(2) The earliest time at which such a declaration may be executed shall be the expiration of two months from the date of the recording of the order in pursuance of section sixteen of this Act:

Provided that the order may provide for the substitution of a period shorter than two months for the purposes of the operation of this sub-paragraph as respects any land, so however, that provision for the substitution of a shorter period shall not be so made in relation to any land unless the order as submitted or the draft of the order or the application therefor, as the case may be, made such provision in relation thereto. 3

(3) As soon as may be after executing such a declaration, the purchasing authority shall serve upon every occupier of any of the land in the area designated thereby (other than any of the land therein in which a short tenancy, or a long tenancy which is about to expire, is subsisting), and on every other person who has given information to the authority in relation to any of the land therein pursuant to such invitation as is mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule, a notice describing that area and stating the effect of the declaration.

399

6th Sch. —coni.

400 Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

6th Sch. (4) At the expiration of the period specified in such a declaration

—coni. from the date on which the service of notices on occupiers required by

the last preceding sub-paragraph is completed (as to which date a certificate given by the purchasing authority shall be conclusive)—

(a) the purchasing authority shall be entitled to enter on and take possession of the land in the area designated by the declaration or any of it without previous consent or compliance with sections eighty-three to eighty-eight of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845; and

(b) the purchasing authority shall expede a notice of title containing a description of the land in the area designated by the declaration and narrating the circumstances under which the land has been purchased, and on such notice of title being recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines in accordance with section eighty of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, the land shall vest in the purchasing authority absolutely and free of any heritable security or charge as if the circumstances in which under that Act the promoters of an undertaking have powers to expede a notarial instrument for vesting in them lands or any estate or interest in lands (including the estate, right .and interest of any holder of a heritable security), or for the extinguishment of, or of a portion of, any charge, had arisen as regards all the said land and, subject to the next succeeding sub-paragraph, as regards all interests therein, and the authority had duly exercised those powers accordingly at the expiration of the said period;

but the purchasing authority shall be liable to pay the like compensation, and interest on the compensation agreed or awarded, as they would have been required to pay if the provisions of sections eighty-three to eighty-eight of the said Act, and the provisions thereof compliance with which would have been requisite in order to render the said powers exercisable by them, had been complied with.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraph (1) or (4) of this paragraph, the following provisions shall have effect as respects land in an area designated by a declaration executed under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph in which a short tenancy, or a long tenancy which is about to expire, is subsisting, that is to say—

(a) in the case of a short tenancy, the right of entry conferred by sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph shall not be exercis-

- able, and the vesting of the land in the purchasing authority shall be subject to the tenancy during its subsistence, but without prejudice to any power to require a tenant to give up possession exercisable by the purchasing authority by virtue of the Lands Clauses Acts;

(b) in the case of a long tenancy which is about to expire, the right

of entry conferred by sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph shall not be exercisable unless or until the purchasing authority have served notice to treat in respect of the tenancy and they have thereafter served a notice upon every occupier of any of the land in which the tenancy subsists describing the land to which the notice relates and stating

40i

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

their intention to enter on and to take possession thereof at the expiration of such period (not being less than twenty-eight days) from the date on which the notice is served as may be therein specified, and that period has expired, and the vesting of the land in the authority shall be subject to the tenancy until the expiration of that period or the expiration of the tenancy, whichever first occurs.

(6) Every notice of the confirmation of a purchase order providing for expedited completion required by this Act to be published, shall refer to the provisions as to entry and vesting contained in sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph.

4. Where the land as respects which this Schedule applies by virtue of a purchase order providing for expedited completion comprises part only of any house, building or manufactory, or of a park or garden belonging to a house, then, if at any time after the coming into operation of the order and before the execution of a declaration under the last preceding paragraph as respects the said part, the owner of any interest therein gives notice to the purchasing authority in that behalf, no notice to treat shall be deemed by virtue of this Schedule to have been served in respect of aqy interest in the said part, and as from the giving of the notice the order shall have effect in relation to the said part as if this Schedule had not been applied thereto.

5. —(1) Where the compensation payable in respect of the interests in land in respect of which a purchasing authority have expede a notice of title under sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 3 of this Schedule or the amount of any sum payable as a supplement thereto is not finally ascertained at the time when such notice of title is presented for recording, then, if the notice of title is accompanied by a certificate by the purchasing authority to that effect, it may lawfully be recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines notwithstanding that it is not stamped; and section twelve of the Finance Act, 1895 (which provides 5 for the collection of stamp duty, where property is vested by way of c sale by virtue of an Act, within three months of the date of vesting) shall have effect as respects the vesting of those interests with the substitution for the reference therein to the date of vesting of a reference to the date on which the compensation, together, if any sum is payable as a supplement thereto, with the amount of that sum, has been finally ascertained.

(2) Where after the vesting of any land in a purchasing authority under paragraph 3 of this Schedule a person retains possession of any writ relating to the land, he shall be deemed to have given to* the authority an undertaking to produce that writ to the authority on all necessary occasions.

Part II.

Adjustments where provision for expedited completion made.

6.—(1) The time within which a question of disputed compensation arising out of an acquisition of an interest in land in respect ox which a notice to treat is deemed to have been served by virtue of this Schedule may be referred to arbitration shall be the period of six years from the date at which the person claiming compensation or a

2 C

6th Sch. —coni

& 59 Vict. 16.

402 Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

6th Sch. person from whom he derives title first knew, or could reasonably —coni. be expected to have known, of the vestipg of the interest under

paragraph 3 of this Schedule.

(2) In reckoning the period of six years referred to in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, no account shall be taken of any period during which the person claiming compensation or the person from whom he derives title was in minority or less age or was under legal disability.

7. The power conferred by subsection (2) of section five of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, or that subsection as applied by paragraph 3 of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, to withdraw a notice to treat shall not be-exercisable, in the case of a notice to treat which is deemed to have been served by virtue of this Schedule in respect of the interest of an occupier, at any time after the service on that occupier of the notice referred to in sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, and, in the case of a notice to treat so deemed to have been served in respect of any other interest, at any time after the vesting of that interest in the purchasing authority under paragraph 3 of tins Schedule.

8. In relation to a compulsory purchase authorised by a purchase order providing' for expedited completion, being a purchase of an interest in respect of which a notice to treat is deemed to have been served by virtue of this Schedule, the following sections of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, shall be excepted from the incorporation of that Act with Part I of this Act, that is to say, sections fifty-six to sixty and sixty-three to sixty-six (which relate to the mode of ascertaining compensation to absent parties), section ninety (which relates to sales of parts of buildings) and sections one hundred and seventeen to one hundred and nineteen (which relate to interests which have by mistake been omitted to be purchased).

9. —(1) Where any of the land as respects which this Schedule applies by virtue of a purchase order providing for expedited completion constitutes a part only of land burdened with a charge, the following provisions of this paragraph shall have effect. 2 3

(2) Any question as to the apportionment mentioned in section one hundred and nine of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, shall be referred and determined as mentioned in section one of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919.

(3) Such portion of the charge as may be apportioned under the said section one hundred and nine to the land as respects which this Schedule applies by virtue of the order shall be treated as having been extinguished on the vesting of that land in the purchasing authority under paragraph 3 of this Schedule, and sections one hundred and eight to one hundred and eleven of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, shall have effect as if the extinguishment had taken place under section one hundred and ten thereof:

Provided that if the person entitled to the charge and the owner of the land subject thereto enter into an agreement to that effect, the said sections one hundred and eight to one hundred and eleven shall have effect as if the person entitled to the charge had discharged therefrom the land as respects which this Schedule applies by virtue

1945- Toum and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

of the order, on the condition mentioned in the said section one hundred and nine, at the time of the vesting of that land in the purchasing authority under paragraph 3 of this Schedule, and in that case none of the charge shall be treated as having been extinguished by virtue of that paragraph so far as regards the remaining part of the land charged therewith.

10. Where any land as respects which this Schedule applies by virtue of. a purchase order providing for expedited completion constitutes a part only of land comprised in a lease for a term of years unexpired, section one hundred and twelve of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, shall have effect subject to the modification that, for references therein to the time of the apportionment of rent therein mentioned, there shall be substituted references to the time of the vesting of the first-mentioned land in the purchasing authority under paragraph 3 of this Schedule.

11. Any person who in consequence of the vesting of any land in the purchasing authority under paragraph 3 of this Schedule is relieved from any liability, whether in respect of a charge, rent under a lease, interest due on any heritable security or any other matter, and who makes any payment as in satisfaction or part satisfaction of that liability shall, if. he shows that when he made the payment he did not know of the facts which constitute the cause of his being so relieved or of some one or more of them, be entitled to recover the sum paid from the person to whom it was paid.

Part III.

Interpretation.

12. In this Schedule— references to a heritable security include references to any such security as is mentioned in the words introductory to sections ninety-nine to one hundred and six of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845;

references to a charge include references to any such feu duty, ground annual, or rent or other payment or incumbrance as is mentioned in the words introductory to sections one hundred and seven to one hundred and eleven of the last mentioned Act; and

references to the confirmation of an order shall be construed, in relation to an order made by a Minister or by a Minister and the appropriate Minister, as references to the making of the order. 2

2 C 2

403

6th Sch. —coni.

404

Section 53.

13 & 14 Geo. c. 10.

Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

APPLICATION OF THE RULE AS TO ASSESSMENT OF COMPENSATION IN CERTAIN SPECIAL CASES.

1. Where in ascertaining the value of any such interest, or the amount of any such damage, as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section fifty-three of this Act regard is to be had to rent payable in respect of a tenancy created after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine (whether the tenancy is vested in the person claiming the compensation or not), the said rent shall be taken to be the lesser of the two following amounts, that is to say,—

(a) the rent in fact payable in respect of the tenancy; or

(b) the maximum rent which would have been obtainable from a willing tenant if the tenancy had been created on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, for the like period and subject to the like terms and conditions.

2. Where the value of any such interest, or the amount of any such damage, as aforesaid is increased by reason of the. possibility of redeveloping the land in which the interest subsists, or the land affected by severance or injuriously affected, as the case may be, in combination with other land, the amount of the increase shall be disregarded in so far as that possibility is attributable to circumstances, other than the effluxion of time, occurring since the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine.

•3. In ascertaining the value of any such interest as aforesaid, or the amount of any such damage as aforesaid, a dwelling-house to which the Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Acts, 1920 to 1925, applied at the time of service of the notice to treat shall not be treated as a dwelling-house to which those enactments then applied unless they applied thereto at the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine. 4 5

4. Where a person is in possession of a holding as defined for the

5. purposes of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, having an interest therein greater than as tenant for a year or from year to year, then so far as the value of the interest is attributable to crops it shall be ascertained in like manner as in the case of the interest of a tenant from year to year, that is to say, without regard to the rule set out in subsection (1) of section fifty-three of this Act.

1945-

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

Ch. 33.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

' Section

ASCERTAINMENT OF COMPENSATION FOR PURCHASE OF LAND VALUED UNDER THE WAR DAMAGE ACT, 1943.

Certified after-dacnage value of land to be taken in certain circumstances as its value for compensation on compulsory purchase.

1—(1) Where the subject of a compulsory purchase, the compensation for which is by virtue of section fifty-three of this Act to be assessed subject to the rule set out in subsection (1) of that section, is or comprises an interest in the whole of the land in a hereditament within the meaning of the War Damage Act, 1943, the value of which is required by that Act to be ascertained by reference to its state after war damage and to an assumed sale thereof, the value of the said ' land for the purposes of the ascertainment of the compensation for the purchase shall be taken to be such amount as may be certified by the War Damage Commission to be the value of the hereditament as ascertained as aforesaid (in this Schedule referred to as the " certified after-damage value " of that land), subject however to the two next succeeding sub-paragraphs.

(2) The preceding sub-paragraph shall not have effect if, between the occurrence of the war damage and the time when the notice to treat is served, the land in the hereditament has been brought into a state such as to make it capable of being as beneficially used while remaining in that state as it was immediately before the occurrence of the war .damage.

(3) If the land in the hereditament has not been brought into such a state as aforesaid, but there is any material difference either—

(a) between the state of the land in the hereditament after damage by reference to which the value thereof falls to be ascertained under the War Damage Act, 1943, and its state at the time when the notice to treat is served; or

(b) between the incumbrances, if any, to which the said land was subject immediately after the occurrence of the war damage and the incumbrances, if any, to which it is subject at the time when the notice to treat is served, being incumbrances of a kind required by the said Act to be taken into account in ascertaining the value of the hereditament,

the value of the said land for the purposes of the ascertainment of the compensation for the purchase shall be taken to be the certified after-damage value thereof adjusted by adding, or by subtracting, as the case may require, the amount by which the value of the hereditament as required to be ascertained under the said Act would have been greater or less if that value had fallen to be ascertained by reference to the state of the hereditament at the time when the notice to treat is served, and if it had been subject immediately after the occurrence of the war damage to all incumbrances of any such kind as aforesaid to which it is subject at the time when the notice to treat is served and to no other incumbrances of any such kind.

4°6 Ch. 33. Town and Country 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

8th Sch. (4) Where this paragraph has effect as respects a purchase, the

—cont. subject of which comprises, but does not consist solely of, the interest

in question in the land in the hereditament, the compensation for the purchase shall be ascertained, and all statutory provisions relating to the ascertainment thereof or to the carrying out of the purchase or to matters connected therewith shall have effect, subject to any agreement between the purchasing authority and other parties concerned, as if the interest in question in that lan^ had been purchased separately and separate notices to treat had been served accordingly, and had been served simultaneously.

Compensation for compulsory purchase of several interests in land to he ascertained in certain circumstances by apportionment of certified after-damage value thereof.

2—(1) Where by virtue of paragraph 1 of this S'chedule the value of the land comprised in a hereditament is to be taken for the purposes of the ascertainment of compensation to be its certified after-damage value (or that value as adjusted), and notices to treat have been served in respect of two or more interests in the whole of that land on the same date or within such period as may be fixed as respects that land under rules, the compensation to be paid for the purchase of each of those interests shall be ascertained in accordance with the following provisions of this paragraph.

(2) The amount representing the value of each of those interests as it would have fallen to be ascertained if this paragraph had not had effect in relation thereto shall be agreed, assessed or determined in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraphs (3) to (7) of this paragraph, and the compensation to be paid for the purchase of each interest shall be the proportion of the certified after-damage value of the land, or of that value as adjusted, as the case may be, which the amqunt agreed, assessed or determined in respect of that interest bears to the aggregate of the amounts agreed, assessed or determined in respect of the several interests:

Provided that if the interests in question do not include all interests subsisting in the land at the date or at the expiration of the period aforesaid, an amount representing the value of any excluded interest, as it would have fallen to be ascertained if that interest had been purchased and this paragraph had not had effect in relation thereto, shall be agreed, assessed or determined in accordance with the said provisions and added to the said aggregate. 3

(3) If the values of the several interests in question and of any excluded interests are not otherwise agreed, the claimant in respect of each of the interests in question, and the purchasing authority as respects any excluded interest, shall cause an estimate of the value of that interest to be made and transmitted to an officer of the Valuation Office appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and that office shall, after considering the estimates, take steps in accordance with rules for securing if possible agreement between the claimants, and, if there is any excluded interest, the purchasing authority, as to the value of each interest.

1945- Town and Country Ch. 33.

Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945.

(4) In default of agreement as to the value of any interest, the said officer shall make an assessment of the value of that interest.

(5) The costs of the employment by a claimant of a person skilled in valuation to advise or act for him for the purposes of either of the two last preceding sub-paragraphs on a purchase by a local or public authority within the meaning of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall be paid by the authority.

(6) If any claimant, or, if there is any excluded interest, the purchasing authority, is aggrieved by an assessment made by the said officer, the claimant or the authority may in accordance with rules require the value of the interest dealt with by the assessment to be determined by one of the panel of arbiters appointed under section one of the said Act of 1919.

(7) If in respect of any of the interests in question no claim is duly made within the time prescribed by rules, an independent person skilled in valuation may be appointed in accordance with rules to act for the purposes of sub-paragraphs (3) to (6) of this paragraph in respect of that interest, and those sub-paragraphs shall have effect as if all things done thereunder by the person so appointed had been duly authorised, by all persons concerned in respect of the interest in question, to be done by that person as agent for them.

(8) Where the last preceding sub-paragraph has had effect as respects any interest and the value thereof has been agreed or assessed under sub-paragraph (3) or (4) of this paragraph, if any person who would have been entitled but for this paragraph to have any question of disputed compensation in relation to that interest referred to arbitration in accordance with the said Act of.1919 shows in accordance with rules that the fact that no claim was made as aforesaid was not attributable to any default on his part, he may in accordance with rules require the value of that interest to be determined by one of the panel of arbiters appointed under section one of the said Act of 1919, and if the compensation on the basis of the value of the interest as so determined is greater or less than the compensation on the basis of the value thereof as agreed or assessed as aforesaid, thd"difference shall be recoverable by the person entitled to the compensation from the purchasing authority or by the authority from him, as the case may be.

(9) The costs of any arbitration under sub-paragraph (6) or (8)-of this paragraph, including any fees, charges and expenses of the Arbitration or award, shall be in the discretion of the official arbiter, who may direct to and by whom and in what manner those costs or any part thereof shall be paid, and the official arbiter may in any case disallow the costs of counsel. 10

(10) The amount of any costs that an authority are liable to pay by virtue of sub-paragraph (5) of this paragraph, or of any arbitration under sub-paragraph (6) or (8) thereof, shall be determined by reference to scales to be prescribed by the Treasury, and in case of difference as to the amount of any such costs they shall, if payable under sub-paragraph (5) of this paragraph, be taxed in such manner as the Treasury may direct, or, if payable under direction of an

407

8th Sch. —coni.

408

Ch. 33.

Town and Country

Planning (Scotland) , 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

8th Sch. —coni.

official arbiter, be taxed by him or in such manner as he may direct.

Rules for giving effect to preceding provisions of this Schedule.

3. Provision may be made by rules made by the Secretary of State, after consultation with the Reference Committee referred to in the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, for giving effect to the provisions of the two preceding paragraphs, for prescribing anything thereby required to be determined by rules, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the power conferred by this paragraph,—

(a) for the determination of any question whether land has been brought into a state such as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, of any question whether there is any such material difference as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (3) of that paragraph, and, in a case in which there is any such difference, how the certified after-damage value ought to be adjusted;

(b) for regulating the proceedings for the ascertainment of compensation, where the value of any land for the purposes of the ascertainment thereof is to be taken to be the certified after-damage value of the land (or that value as adjusted), so as to secure that the requisite certificate and particulars of any requisite adjustment may be rendered available for those purposes;

(c) for fixing the period referred to in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule within which, where a notice to treat has been served as respects an interest in the whole of the land in a hereditament, such a notice in respect of any other interest therein must be or have been served in order to render the provisions of that paragraph applicable to the ascertainment of the compensation to be paid for the purchase of those interests, and for securing, so far as may be practicable, that all such notices intended to be given as respects interests in the whole of the land in ^hereditament shall be given within the period fixed;

(d) for specifying limits of time within which things required or authorised by paragraph 2 of this Schedule must be done, with or without power to persons designated by the rules to extend to such limits;

and references in paragraph 2 of this Schedule to rules shall be construed as references to rules made under this paragraph.

1945-

Hydro-Electric Undertakings

(Valuation for Rating) (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Ch. 34.

409.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to amend the law of Scotland with regard to the valuation for rating of hydro-electric undertakings and for purposes connected therewith.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

1. It shall be the duty of the Assessor of Public Undertakings North of (Scotland) to ascertain and fix the value of all lands and heritages Scotland belonging to or leased by the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric 601110

Board and forming part of their undertaking as hereinafter Undertaking defined and for that purpose the provisions of the Lands Valuation Assessor^?1 by (Scotland) Act, 1854, and the Acts amending it shall apply in £5,1^ like manner as that Act as so amended applies in relation to the Undertakings valuation of the lands and heritages belonging to any company vict

or body which it is the duty of the Assessor to value. c.91.

2.—(1) It shall be the duty of every assessor in any valuation Valuation of roll made up by him to enter separately, and to assign values to, generating the generating works forming part of any undertaking whose lands ^nning

and heritages it is his duty to value, and it shall be the duty of the hydro-electric assessor for any county or burgh to furnish to the Assessor of installation. Public Undertakings (Scotland) such information as he may require with regard to the value of any generating works which it is the duty of the assessor for such county or burgh to value.

(2) The provisions hereinafter contained shall have effect with regard to the valuation of any generating works forming part of a hydro-electric installation (whether or not wholly situated in one area) the total capital cost of which installation divided by the number of kilowatts representing the effective capacity of the installation (which cost so divided is hereinafter referred to as the cost per kilowatt) exceeds thirty pounds;

(3) The rateable value of any such generating works as aforesaid which were first entered in the valuation roll after the year ending on the fifteenth day of May nineteen hundred and forty-four shall be such sum as bears to the net annual value of those works the same proportion as thirty pounds bears to the cost per kilowatt of the hydro-electric installation of which those works form part. 4

(4) For the purpose of fixing the rateable value for any year after thqt ending on the fifteenth day of May nineteen hundred and forty-six of any such generating works as are mentioned in subsection (2) of this section and were entered in the valuation

Ch. 34. Hydro-Electric Undertakings 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Valuation for Rating) (Scotland) , 1945.

roll for the year ending on the fifteenth day of May nineteen hundred and forty-four, there shall be ascertained

(i) the sum arrived at by deducting from the net annual

value of the works for the year immediately preceding that for which the rateable value is to be fixed the rateable value thereof for that preceding year calculated in accordance with subsection (3) of this section; and

(ii) the amount which bears to that sum the same proportion as the total of the rateable values for the last mentioned year of all the new hydro-electric lands and heritages in the same area bears to the total of the sums ascertained in accordance with paragraph (i) of this subsection in respect of all such generating works as aforesaid in the area.

(5) The rateable value of any such generating works as are mentioned in the last foregoing subsection shall be the sum obtained by deducting from the net annual value the amount ascertained under paragraph (ii) of the said subsection in respect of those works:

Provided that if in any year the said amount equals or exceeds the sum arrived at in pursuance of sub-paragraph (i) of the last foregoing subsection in the case of those generating works, this and the last foregoing subsection shall thereupon cease to apply thereto, and the rateable value thereof shall, in that and in every succeeding year, be fixed in accordance with subsection

(3) of this section and that subsection shall apply accordingly.

(6) (a) For the purposes of this and the succeeding sections of this Act—

the expression " area" means a large burgh within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, or a county inclusive of any burgh, other than a large burgh situated therein;

the expression " generating works" means any lands and heritages comprised in a hydro-electric installation but does not include generating works

(i) forming part of an undertaking as regards which a provision contained in a local Act for a reduction in the valuation of the lands and heritages forming part of the undertaking is in force; or (ii)

(ii) forming part of any industrial or freight transport lands and heritages to which section forty-five of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, applies;

1945-

Hydro-Electric Undertakings

,('Valuation for Rating) (Scotland) , 1945.

Ch. 34.

411

the expression " generating plant " includes generators, alternators, switch-gear and transformers (not being switch-gear or transformers forming part of a transmission line);

the expression " hydro-electric installation" means a generating station forming part of any undertaking and operated by water power, together with any generating plant and any civil of mechanical engineering or hydraulic works or other works of whatever description forming part of that undertaking and installed, erected or constructed for use in connection with the station for the purpose of generating electricity by water power;

the expression " new hydro-electric lands and heritages" means lands and heritages forming part of an undertaking and first entered in the valuation roll after the year ending on the fifteenth day of May nineteen hundred and forty-four;

the expression " number of kilowatts representing the effective capacity of the installation " means, in relation to any hydro-electric installation, and to the valuation for any year, ten twelfths of the average aggregate continuous maximum rating in kilowatts of the generating plant installed or erected at the generating station comprised in the hydro-electric installation on the first day of each month in the last accounting year brought into computation in arriving at the aforesaid valuation;

the expression " undertakers" means any undertakers or authorised undertakers within the meaning of the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1936, generating electricity by water power and the expression " undertaking " shall be construed accordingly but shall not include any dwelling-houses or any lands and heritages which are let by such undertakers or which are not used or adapted for use for the purposes of the functions of such undertakers with regard to the generation or supply of electricity.

(b) Any reference in this section to the net annual value of any generating works shall be construed as a reference to such value before any adjustment thereof is made in pursuance of subsection

(7) of section twelve of the Rating (Scotland) Act, 1926, or section 16 & 17 Geo. 5 forty-five of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903, or any corre- c. 47. sponding provision in a local Act, and such adjustment shall be 3 Edw- 7*c- 33-made on the rateable value of the generating works arrived at by virtue of this section.

412 Ch. 34. Hydro-Electric Undertakings 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Valuation for Rating) (Scotland) Act, 1945.

Electricity Commissioners to certify kilowatts installed and to determine questions.

3.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Electricity Commissioners on the application of the assessor whose duty it is to value any generating works or of the undertakers whose undertaking comprises those works, to certify the continuous maximum rating in kilowatts of any generating plant at any generating station comprised in the hydro-electric installation of which the generating works form part and any certificate issued by the Electricity Commissioners as to such continuous maximum rating shall be conclusive.

Investigation of working of section 2.

Sums equal to reduction in rates payable by authorised undertakers in consequence of section 2 to be applied as Electricity Commissioners direct.

Citation.

(2) It shall be the duty of any undertakers whose undertaking comprises any hydro-electric installation to furnish to the Electricity Commissioners such information as they may require for the purpose of the discharge of their duties under this section.

4. The Secretary of State shall, before the expiry of ten years from the commencement of this Act, and at intervals of ten years thereafter, cause investigations to be made into the working of section two of this Act and shall cause a report of the result of any such investigation to be laid before Parliament.

5. Any undertakers (other than the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board) whose undertaking comprises generating works the rateable value of which is reduced by the operation of section two of this Act, shall furnish to the Electricity Commissioners such information as those Commissioners may from time to time require to enable them to determine the difference between the amount of the rates payable by those undertakers, and the amount which would have been so payable had this Act not been passed, and a sum equal to that difference shall be applied by the undertakers in accordance with directions given by the Electricity Commissioners to the development of their system of distribution or for the benefit of their consumers :

Provided that where the Electricity Commissioners are satisfied that the aforesaid difference exceeds the net gain accruing to the undertakers by the operation of section two of this Act, the sum required to be applied as aforesaid shall be a sum equal to that net gain.

6. This Act may be cited as the Hydro-Electric Undertakings (Valuation for Rating) (Scotland) Act, 1945.

1945-

Forestry Act, 1945*

Ch. 35-

413

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to make provision for the reconstitution of the Forestry Commission and as to the exercise of the functions of the Forestry Commissioners, the acquisition of land for forestry purposes and the management, use and disposal of land so acquired; and in connection with the matters aforesaid to amend the Forestry Acts, 1919 to 1927, and certain other enactments relating to the Forestry Commissioners.

[15th June I945-]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Forestry Commission shall consist of a chairman and not more than nine other Commissioners appointed by His Majesty by warrant under the sign manual, and every Commissioner shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of the instrument under which he is appointed, and a Commissioner who vacates office shall be eligible for reappointment.

(2) At least three of the said Commissioners (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Commissioners ’’) shall be persons who have special knowledge and experience of forestry and at least one of the Commissioners shall be a person who has scientific attainments and a technical knowledge of forestry.

(3) A person shall be disqualified for being appointed or being a Commissioner so long as he is a member of the Commons House of Parliament.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not affect any Commissioner holding office at the date of the passing of this Act, not being a person disqualified by the last foregoing subsection, and any such Commissioner shall continue to hold office for the remainder of the term for which' he was appointed.

(5) There shall be paid to such of the Commissioners as may be determined by the Ministers with the approval of the Treasury such salaries or other emoluments as may be so determined.

(6) The Commissioners may, subject to such limit as to number as the Treasury may determine, appoint and employ such officers and servants for the purposes of the Forestry Acts, 1919 to 1945, as the Commissioners think necessary, and the Commissioners may remove any officer or servant so appointed or employed, and there shall be paid to such officers

Reconstitution of Forestry Commission.

414

Ch. 35.

Forestry Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Exercise of functions of Commissioners to be subject to direction of Ministers.

Appointment of committees for England, Scotland $nd Wales and delegation of functions thereto.

9 & 10 Geo. 5 c. 58.

Transfer to Minister of Commissioners’ power to acquire land.

and servants such salaries or remuneration as the Ministers may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

2. The Commissioners shall, in exercising their functions under the Forestry Acts, 1919 to 1945, comply with such directions as may be given to them by the Ministers:

Provided that this section shall not affect any functions exercisable by virtue of any Regulation in force under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, by the Minister of Supply instead of by the Commissioners, so long as those functions remain so exercisable.

3. —(1) The Commissioners shall by order appoint committees for England, Scotland and Wales, respectively, which shall consist partly of’members who are Commissioners or officers of the Commissioners and partly of members, not exceeding three in number, who are not Commissioners or such officers, and the Commissioners may delegate, subject to such restrictions or conditions as they think fit, any of their functions to a committee so appointed.

(2) An order under this section appointing a committee shall make provision as to the constitution (including the terms of office of the members), quorum and procedure of that committee, and there shall be paid to the members of any such committee who are not Commissioners or officers of the Commissioners such travelling and other allowances as the Ministers may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine, and all such allowances shall be defrayed out of the Forestry Fund.

(3) Section five of the Forestry Act, 1919 (which provides for the delegation of functions by the Commissioners to assistant commissioners appointed for England and Wales and fQr Scotland respectively), and section six of the said Act (which provides for the establishment of consultative committees for England, Scotland and Wales respectively) shall cease to have effect. 4

4. —(1) The provisions of the Forestry Act, 1919, relating to the acquisition of land for forestry purposes shall cease to have effect, and the following provisions of this section shall have effect in lieu thereof.

(2) The appropriate Minister may by agreement acquire, whether by way of purchase, lease or exchange, or may purchase compulsorily, any land which in his opinion is suitable for afforestation or for purposes connected with forestry or must necessarily be acquired together with any such land as aforesaid, and for the purposes of such acquisition the enactments referred to in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall be incorporated with this section to such extent and subject to such modifications and adaptations as are specified in the said Part I.

*945-

Forestry Act, 1945.

Ch. 35-

415

(3) The powers of the appropriate Minister under the last foregoing subsection to acquire land compulsorily shall be exercised by means of an order made in accordance' with Part II of the First Schedule to this Act, and Part III of the said Schedule shall apply with respect to the validity and date of operation of any such order:

Provided that, if an objection to any such order is duly made in accordance with the said Part II and is not withdrawn before the order is made, the order shall be provisional only and shall not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament, and the said Part III shall not apply to the order.

(4) An order made under the last foregoing subsection may authorise the compulsprv purchase of any land belonging to the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated by the National Trust Act, 1907, not- 7 Edw- 7-withstanding that such land is held inalienably by that Trustc*cxxxvl* under section twenty-one of the said Act or section eight of

the National Trust Act, 1939. 2 & 3 Geo. 6.

c« lxxxvi.

(5) All land vested in the Commissioners at the date of the passing of this Act is hereby vested in the appropriate Minister by virtue of this section and shall be held by him subject to the same terms and conditions as it was held by the Commissioners, and any references to the Commissioners in any conveyance, lease or other instrument affecting such land shall be construed as references to the appropriate Minister:

Provided that all such land shall, until the appropriate Minister otherwise directs, be deemed for the purposes of the following provisions of this section and of section six of this Act to have been placed at the disposal of the Commissioners.

(6) The Commissioners may manage, plant and otherwise use for the purpose of the exercise of their functions under the Forestry Acts, 1919 to 1945, any land vested in or acquired by the appropriate Minister by or under this section and for the time being placed at their disposal by him, and any timber (within the meaning of section three of the Forestry Act, 1919) produced on any such land shall belong to the Commissioners.

(7) The appropriate Minister may—

(a) manage and use for such purposes as he thinks fit any land vested in or acquired by him by or under this section which is -not for the time being placed at the disposal of the Commissioners for the purpose of the exercise of their functions aforesaid;

(b) let any land vested in or acquired by him as aforesaid or grant any interest or right m or over such land;

416

Ch. 35.

Forestry Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(c) sell any land vested in or acquired by him as aforesaid which in his opinion is not needed or ought not to be used for the purpose of afforestation or any purpose connected with forestry, or exchange any such land for other land more suitable* for any such purpose,'and pay and receive money for equality of exchange.

(8) Any power to manage and use land conferred by this section shall, without prejudice to the generality of that power, include power to erect buildings or execute works on the land.

(9) Subsection (4) of section seven of the Forestry Act, 1919 (which empowers the Commissioners to require the -grant of haulage facilities subject to a right of appeal to the Development Commissioners) shall have effect as if for the references to the Development Commissioners there were substituted references to the appropriate Minister.

(10) In consequence of the foregoing provisions of this section the enactments hereinafter mentioned shall have effect subject to the following amendments: —

(0) the references to the Forestry Commissioners in 13 & j4 section one of the Forestry (Transfer of Woods) Act,

Geo. 5- c 21. 1923 (which provides for the transfer of property to

the Forestry Commissioners) shall be construed as references to the appropriate Minister, except that the first reference in paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of that section shall be construed as including a reference both to the Forestry Commissioners and to the appropriate Minister, and the reference in the said paragraph (d) to property acquired by the Commissioners under the Forestry Act, 1919, shall be construed as a reference to property acquired by the appropriate Minister under this section; and

(6) the references to the Forestry Commissioners in 16 section forty-eight of the Settled Land Act, 1925

Geo. 5. c. 18. (which contains regulations respecting forestry leases)

and in the definition of "forestry lease " in section one hundred and seventeen of the said Act shall be construed as references to the appropriate Minister, and the reference in the said definition to the Forestry Act, 1919, shall be construed as a reference to this section.

Restrictions 5. (1)—Nothing in the last foregoing section shall authorise

on compulsory the compulsory acquisition of— acquisition of

certain land. (0) any land which is the site of an ancient monument or

other object of archaeological interest;

1945-

Forestry Act, 1945.

Ch. 35.

4i7

(b) any land which forms part of any park, garden or ' *

gleasure ground, or which forms part of the home Lrm attached to and usually occupied with a mansion house or is otherwise required for the amenity or convenience of any dwelling house;

(c) any land which is the property of a local authority, or which has been acquired by statutory undertakers for the purposes of their undertaking.

(2) In this section the expression—

" local authority" means the council of a county, county borough, county district or rural parish, the Common Council of the City of London or the council of a metropolitan borough;

" statutory undertakers" means any persons authorised by an enactment or by any order or scheftie made under any enactment to construct, work or carry on any railway, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, tramway, gas, electricity, water, or other public undertaking.

6.—(1) Any capital payments made by the appropriate Financial Minister in acquiring land under this Act shall be defrayed out provisions, of the Forestry Fund, and any capital sums received by the appropriate Minister from the sale, lease or exchange of any land -vested in or acquired by him by or under'this Act shall be paid into the said Fund.

(2) Where any land vested in or acquired by the appropriate Minister by or under this Act is not for the time being placed at the disposal of the Commissioners, the expenses of the Minister in managing and using the land, including any rent or other outgoings payable by him in respect of the land, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and any sums received by him from the letting or use of the land, or the grant of any interest or right in or over the land shall be paid mto the Exchequer, and the Minister shall pay into the Forestry Fund out of moneys provided by Parliament such periodical sums (if any) in respect of the land as may be determined by the Treasury.

(3) Where any such land is for the time being placed at the disposal of the Commissioners, any rent or other outgoings payable in respect of the land by the appropriate Minister shall be defrayed out of the Forestry Fund and any sums received by the appropriate Minister from the letting of the land or the grant of any interest or right in or over the land shall be paid into the said Fund.

2 D

Ch. 35.

Forestry Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

418

(4) There shall be paid into the Forestry Fund out of moneys provided by Parliament in respect of the financial year beginning with the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, and subsequent financial years such annual amounts as Parliament may determine.

(5) Any administrative expenses incurred by either of the Ministers in consequence of the passing of this Act (other than expenses referred to in the foregoing provisions of this section) shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Annual . 7.—(1) The Commissioners shall prepare accounts in accounts and respect of the financial year beginning with the first day of

missioner?0m" April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, and each subsequent is oners. financial year, showing the sums paid into and the sums issued out of the Forestry Fund in that year, and the accounts shall be in such form and manner as the Ministers, with the approval of the Treasury, may direct, and the Commissioners shall transmit the accounts to the Ministers at such time as the Ministers, with the approval of the Treasury, may direct.

(2) The Ministers, shall, on or before the thirtieth day of November in the year nineteen hundred and forty-six and in each subsequent year, transmit to the Comptroller and Auditor General the accounts prepared by the Commissioners under the last foregoing subsection for the financial year last ended, and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine and certify them and lay copies thereof, together with his report thereon, before both Houses of Parliament.

(3) The Commissioners shall, on such day and in such form as the Ministers may direct, make to the Ministers an annual report as to their proceedings under the Forestry Acts, 1919 to 1945, and the Ministers shall lay every such report before Parliament.

__ /

Pensions of 8.—(1) The Ministers may, with the approval of the Commission- Treasury, make schemes providing for the grant of super-era and their annuation and other allowances and gratuities to or for the 0 cer8, benefit of the Commissioners and such officers employed by them as may be from time to time determined by the Ministers with the approval of the Treasury, and there shall be paid out of the Forestry Fund to such Commissioners or officers on retirement, or to their legal representatives on death, such superannuation and other allowances and gratuities under the schemes as the Ministers may, with the approval of the Treasury, sanction in each case; and the Treasury may determine the Forestry Fund to be a public Fund for the purposes 55 & 56 Vict, of the Superannuation Act, 1892.

c. 40.

1945- Forestry Act, 1945. Ch. 35, 419

(2) Any scheme made by the Forestry Commission under subsection (2) of section ten of the Forestry Act, 1919, or under that subsection as extended by section six of the Forestry (Transfer of Woods) Act, 1923, being a scheme in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall continue in force and have effect, with any necessary modifications, as if it had been made Under this section; and the references in subsection (2) of the said section six to any such scheme shall be construed as references to a scheme made, or having effect as if made, under this section.

(3) For the reference in the first column of the Schedule to

the Superannuation (Various Services) Act, 1938, to subsection Geo. 6.

(2) of section ten of the Forestry Act, 1919, as amended by c. 13. subsection (1) of section six of the Forestry (Transfer of Woods) Act, 1923, there shall be substituted a reference to this section, and for both references in the second column of that Schedule to the Forestry Commissioners there shall be substituted references to the Ministers.

9. In the application of this Act to Scotland— toPScoS^d

(a) the reference in subsection (2) of section four to pur-

chase shall include a reference to taking in feu;

(b) section five shall have effect as if for the definition of "local authority " there were substituted the following definition—

" ‘ local authority ' means a county, town or district council

(c) the First Schedule shall have effect as if—

(i) for references to the sections of the Lands 8 & 9 Vict.' Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, mentioned in c. 18. paragraph 1 of Part I of the said Schedule there

were substituted references to sections one hundred and twenty to one hundred and twenty-five, section one hundred and twenty-seven, and sections one hundred and forty-two and one hundred and forty-three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation 8 & 9 Vict. (Scotland) Act, 1845; c-19.

(ii) for the reference to section one'hundred and twenty-three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, there were substituted a reference to section one hundred and sixteen of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845;

(iii) for references to section seventy-seven and sections seventy-eight to eighty-five of the Rail- 8 & 9 Vict., ways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, there werec. 20.

2 D 2

420

8 & 9 Vict, c. 33.

Short title, construction! interpretation, extent and repeals.

Ch. 35. Forestry Act, 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

substituted references to section seventy and sections seventy-one to seventy-eight of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845;

(iv) for references to the High Court or the

, Court of Appeal there were substituted references

to the Court of Session;

(v) paragraph 4 of Part I of the said Schedule were omitted.

10.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Forestry Act, 1945, and shall be construed as one with the Forestry Acts, 1919 to 1927, and this Act and those Acts may be cited together as the Forestry Acts, 1919 to 1945.

(2) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to mem, that is to say:—-

" the Ministers" means the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and the Secretary of State concerned with agriculture in Scotland, and, except where the context otherwise requires, means those Ministers acting jointly:

Provided that the said Ministers may make arrangements for the exercise of any of their functions under this Act, as respects transactions affecting England and Wales only or affecting Scotland only, by the appropriate Minister and the said expression shall, as respects those transactions, be construed as referring to the appropriate Minister;

" the appropriate Minister " means, as respects England and Wales, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and, as respects Scotland, the Secretary of State as aforesaid.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) The enactments mentioned in the second column of the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that the repeal of subsection (4) of section eight of the Forestry Act, 1919, shall not affect the operation of the said subsection as respects the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

1945-

Ch. 35.

421

Forestry Act, 1945.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Fart I.

Incorporation of the Lands Clauses Act and Railway Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

1. The Lands Clauses Acts, except sections one hundred and twenty-seven to one hundred and thirty-three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, (which relate to the sale of superfluous land and deficiencies of land tax and rates) and sections one hundred and fifty and. one hundred and fifty-one of the said Act (which relate to access to the special Act), are hereby incorporated with section four of this Act, subject to the modifications and adaptations hereafter specified in this Schedule.

2. In construing the Lands Clauses Acts as incorporated with section four of this Act, the said section four or, in relation to a compulsory purchase, the said section four and the order by which the purchase is authorised, shall be deemed to be the special Act, and references to the promoters of the undertaking shall be construed as references to the appropriate Minister.

3. For the purposes of section one hundred and twenty-three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (which provides that powers of compulsory purchase shall not be exercised after the expiration of the prescribed period) the prescribed period shall, in relation to any compulsory purchase, be three years from the coming into operation of the order authorising it.

4. Where land compulsorily purchased is glebe land or other land belonging to an ecclesiastical benefice, sums agreed upon or awarded by way of compensation shall not be paid as directed by the Lands Clauses Acts but shall be paid to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to be applied by them as money paid to them upon a sale under the^provisions of the Ecclesiastical Leasing Acts of land belonging to a benefice.

5. In the case of compulsory purchase, the order authorising the purchase may provide that section seventy-seven of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and sections seventy-eight to eighty-five of that Act as originally enacted and not as amended for certain purposes by section fifteen of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923, shall be incorporated with section four of this Act, subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the order.

Part II.

Procedure for making Compulsory Purchase Orders.

1. An order for the compulsory purchase of land under section four of this Act shall describe by reference to a map the land to which it applies, and before making any such order, the appropriate Minister shall—

(a) publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality in which the land to which the order relates is situated a notice stating that such an order is proposed to be made, describing

Section 4.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 20.

422

1ST SCH. —cont.

Ch. 35. Forestry Act, 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

the land, and naming a place where a copy of a draft of the order and Of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours and specifying the time (not less than twenty-eight days from the date of the publication of the notice) within which and the manner in which, objections to the order may be made;

(b) serve a copy of the notice in such manner as the appropriate Minister thinks fit on every owner, lessee and occupier (except tenants for a month or less period than a month) of any land

x to which the order relates.

2. If no objection is duly made by any of the persons on whom notices are required to be served or by any other person appearing to the appropriate Minister to be affected or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the appropriate Minister may, if he thinks fit, make the order, either with or without modifications, but in any other case he shall before making the order cause a local inquiry to be held and shall consider any objections not withdrawn and the report of the person who held the inquiry, and may then if he thinks fit make the order with or without modifications:'

Provided that an order made by the Minister with modifications shall not, unless all persons interested consent, authorise him to purchase compulsorily any land which the order would not have authorised him so to purchase if it had been made without modifications.

Part III.

Validity and Operation of Compulsory Purchase Order.

1.So soon as may be after an order has been made by the appropriate Minister for the compulsory purchase of land under section four of this Act, he shall publish in a newspaper circulating in the locality in which the land to which the order relates is situated a notice stating that the order has been made and naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours, and shall serve a like notice on every person who made an objection to the order.

2. If any person aggrieved by such an order as aforesaid desires to question the validity thereof on the ground that it is not within the powers of this Act or that any requirement of this Act has not been complied with, he may within six weeks after the publication of the notice of the order, make an application for the purpose to the High Court, and where any such application is duly made, the Court—

(i) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order,

either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings; and

(ii) if satisfied upon the hearing of the application that the order is not within the powers of this Act or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of this Act not having been complied with, may quash the order, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant. 3

3. Subject to the provisions of the last preceding paragraph, the order shall not be questioned by prohibition or certiorari or in any legal

I945-

Forestry Act, 1945.

Ch. 35.

423

proceedings whatsoever either before or after the order is made, and shall become operative at the expiration of six weeks from the date on which notice of the order is published in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Schedule.

4. Except by leave of the Court of Appeal, no appeal shall lie to the House-of Lords from a decision of the Court of Appeal in proceedings under this Part of this Schedule.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Repeal of Enactments.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. The Forestry Act, Section one.

c. 58 1919. Subsection (2) of section two.

In subsection (2) of section three the word "only " and the words from " but, so far as they relate " to the end of the subsection; and in subsection (3) the words "Subject to any directions which may be given by the Treasury", paragraphs (a) and (b) and the words from " Provided that " to the end of the subsection. Section five.

Section six. Subsections (1) to (3) of section seven. In subsection (2) of section eight

paragraph (a) and in paragraph (6) the words "any land or "; and subsection (4) of that section. Subsection (2) of section ten.

Schedule.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. The Forestry In subsection (2) of section five

c. ax. (Transfer of the words "not being a Forestry

Woods) Act, 1923. Commissioner ".

17 & 18 Geo. 5. The Forestry Act, Subsection (1) of section six. Section one.

c. 6. / 1927.

ist Sch. *—cont.

Section 10.

4*4

Ch. 36.

Distribution of Industry

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Provision of premises for industrial undertakings in

development

areas.

CHAPTER 36.

Distribution 6/Industry Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Provisions as to development areas.

Section.

1. Provision of premises for industrial undertakings in development

areas.

2. Financial assistance to trading or industrial estate companies in

development areas.

3. Financial assistance for improvement of basic services for development

areas.

4. Financial assistance for industrial undertakings in development areas.

5. Provisions for dealing with derelict land in development areas.

6. Buildings erected under ss. 1 and 5 to comply with planning schemes.

7. Alteration of Schedule of development areas.

8. Repeal of Special Areas Acts.

General provisions as to distribution of industry.

9. Erection of buildings for new industrial units to be notified to Board

of Trade.

10. Supplementary provisions relating to s. 9.

Supplementary Provisions. n. Expenses and receipts.

12. Provisions as to acquisition and disposal of land.

13. Exercise of functions of Board of Trade.

14. Service of notices.

15. Interpretation.

16. Provisions as to Scotland.

17. Short title and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Development Areas.

Second Schedule.—Compulsory Purchase Orders.

An Act to provide for the development of certain areas; for controlling the provision of industrial premises with a view to securing the proper distribution of industry; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

Provisions as to development .

1. In any area specified in the First Schedule to this Act (hereinafter referred to as a " development area ") the Board of Trade may for the purpose of facilitating the provision of premises needed for meeting the requirements of industrial undertakings (including requirements arising from the needs of persons employed

1945- Distribution of Industry Ch. 36. - 425

' Act, 1945.

or to be employed therein) or sites for such premises or means of access thereto—

(a) acquire, by agreement or, if so authorised by a compulsory purchase order made under this Act, by compulsory purchase, land for the provision thereon (whether by the Board or by other persons) of such premises or means of access; and

(b) erect such buildings and carry out such works on land

held by the Board as appear to them expedient for the purpose of providing such premises sites or means of access, or of rendering the land Suitable for the provision thereof by other persons.

2. The Board of Trade may with the consent of the Treasury Financial make loans to trading or industrial estate companies (whether ""stance to incorporated before or after the passing of this Act) where the

Board are satisfied that the loans will further the provision of estate com industrial premises in development areas in such a way as to panies in induce persons to establish or expand industrial undertakings in development such areas. areas.

3. —(1) Where it appears to a Minister of the Crown that Financial adequate provision has not been made for the needs of any ^stance for development area in respect of a basic service for which he is responsible, he may with the consent of the Treasury make services for grants or loans towards the cost of improving the service to development such persons and in such manner as appears to him to be requisite areas-

for enabling those needs to be met.

(2) In this section the expression " basic service" means the provision of facilities for transport (whether by road, rail, water or air) or of power, lighting or heating, and housing, health and other services on which the development of the area in question, and in particular of industrial undertakings therein, depends.

(3) The powers conferred by this section are in addition to any other powers of a Minister of the Crown to make grants or loans.

4. —(1) The Treasury may, in accordance with recommenda- Financial

tions of an advisory committee appointed by them, agree with for

any person carrying on, or proposing to carry on, in a development undertakings area an industrial undertaking to which this section applies in develop-(whether an undertaking already established or proposed to be ment areas, established) to give financial assistance to the carrying on of the undertaking, on such terms as may be specified in the agreement,

in one or more of the following ways—

(a) by making annual grants to the said person, either towards the cost of paying interest on moneys

426

Ch. 36.

Provisions for dealing with derelict land in

development

areas.

Buildings erected under ss. 1 and 5 to comply with planning schemes.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 48, c. 49.

Alteration of Schedule of development areas.

Distribution of Industry 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

borrowed or to be borrowed for the purposes of the undertaking or generally for those purposes;

(b) by making loans for those purposes.

(2) This section applies to any undertaking approved by the Board of Trade as complying with the requirements of the proper distribution of industry, being an undertaking as to which the Treasury are satisfied in accordance with such recommendations as aforesaid that there are good prospects of its ultimately being able to be carried on successfully without further assistance under this section, but that the person carrying it on or proposing to carry it on cannot for the time being, without assistance under this section, obtain capital required for the purposes of the undertaking on the requisite terms.

5. —(1) Where it appears to the Board of Trade that by reason of land in a development area being derelict and likely to remain so for a considerable period it is expedient that it should be acquired by the Board for the purpose of securing that it is brought into use or of improving the amenities of the neighbourhood, the Board may acquire the land by agreement or, if so authorised by a compulsory purchase order made under this Act, by compulsory purchase.

(2) The Board of Trade may carry out such work on land acquired by them under this section as appears to them expedient for enabling the land to be brought into use or for improving the amenities of the neighbourhood.

(3) The Board of Trade may, with the consent of the Treasury, make grants, in such manner as appears to the Board to be requisite for the purposes of this subsection, to any local authority, or to any company the constitution of which prohibits the distribution of the profits of the company to its members, towards the cost of carrying out work on land in development areas which is derelict for the purpose of enabling the land to be brought into use or of improving the amenities of the neighbourhood.

6. The Board of Trade shall not erect any building or carry out any work in pursuance of section one or five of this Act so as to contravene- the provisions of any scheme in force under the Town and Country Planning Act, 1932, the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, or any enactment repealed by either of those Acts or by any enactment thereby repealed.

7. —(1) The Board of Trade may from time to time, and shall on the expiration of the period of three years from the passing of this Act, take into consideration the question whether any area should be added to, or removed from, the First Schedule to this Act.

1945*

Distribution of Industry

Act, 1945.

Ch. 36.

427

(2) Where at any time it appears to the Board that the distribution of industry is such that in any area not specified in the said First Schedule there is likely to be a special danger of unemployment, the Board may by order direct that the area shall be added to that Schedule.

(3) Where at any time after the expiration of the period of three years from the passing of this Act the Board are satisfied, as to the whole or any part of any area specified in the said First Schedule, that the conditions aforesaid no longer exist, they may by order direct that the area or part in question shall be removed from that Schedule :

• Provided that an order under this subsection shall not affect the validity or continuance of anything done or entered into before the coming into operation of the order.

(4) An order under this section shall not be made except after consultation with every local authority whose area includes any land to which the order relates.

(5) An order under this section shall not have effect until it has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

8.—(1) The Special Areas (Development and Improvement) Repeal of Acts, 1934 and 1937, are hereby repealed. Axea^Acts

(2) As soon as may be after the passing of this Act the Special Areas Fund shall be wound up in accordance with directions of the Treasury, and there shall be paid into the Exchequer—

(a) any balance in the Fund at the winding up thereof, and

(b) any moneys accruing due after the winding up thereof

which apart from this subsection would have been payable into the Fund,

but nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall affect the operation of subsections (5) to (7) of section three of the Act of 1934 (which relates to the preparation and laying before Parliament of accounts) as respects things done before the winding up of the Fund.

(3) Any interest vested in a Commissioner immediately before the passing of this Act in land acquired by him under section four of the Act of 1934, and any security then vested in a Commissioner to secure the repayment of a loan made by him under that Act, shall on the passing of this Act and without more vest in such Minister of the Crown as the Treasury may determine.

(4) Without prejudice to the provisions of section thirty-eight

of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of & vjc1 repeals), the repeal of the said Acts shall not affect the continued 1 $3 4 5‘ operation of any agreement entered into thereunder before the

428

Ch. 36.

Distribution of Industry

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

25 & 26 Geo. 5, c. 1.

Erection of buildings for new industrial units to be notified to Board of Trade.

passing of this Act, but any such agreement shall be modified as follows, that is to say—

(a) in the case of an agreement entered into by a Com- -

missioner to .make loans or grants to assist the provision of industrial premises, the Board of Trade shall be substituted for the Commissioner;

(b) in the case of any other agreement entered into by a

Commissioner there shall be substituted for the Commissioner such Minister of the Crown as the Treasury may determine,

and any measures undertaken by a Commissioner may be completed by such Minister of the Crown as aforesaid.

(5) In this section the expression " the Act of 1934" means . the Special Areas (Development and Improvement) Act, 1934, and the expression " Commissioner" means a Commissioner appointed under section one of that Act.

General provisions as to distribution of industry.

9.—(1) No person shall enter into a contract for the erection of an industrial building forming part of a new industrial unit, or begin the erection of such a building, at a time earlier than the expiration of sixty days, or such shorter period as the Board of Trade may allow, from the giving to the Board of notification in writing of the proposed erection :

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to the erection of a building which will have an aggregate floor space not exceeding ten thousand square feet.

(2) For the purposes of this section, a building shall be deemed to form part of a new industrial unit unless—

(a) it is contiguous or adjacent to another industrial building used in the course of the same undertaking, being a building erected before the passing of this Act or in respect of which notification has been given under this section; or

(b) it replaces such another industrial building as aforesaid

and is erected either oh the same site or on a site contiguous or adjacent to the site thereof.

(3) The Board of Trade may, by notice in writing served upon any person who has notified the Board under this section of the proposed erection of a building, require him to inform them, in so far as the information was not given in the notification, of the proposed situation of the building, the industrial process to be carried on therein, the estimated aggregate floor space thereof, and the estimated number of men and of women to be employed therein.

*945-

Distribution of Industry

Act, 1945.

Ch. 36.

(4) If any person contravenes the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, or fails to furnish any information required under subsection (3) thereof, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(5) If in furnishing any information required under subsection

(3) of this section any person knowingly or recklessly makes any statement false in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

10. —(1) The Board of Trade may by regulations made under this section exempt from the provisions of the last' foregoing section any class or description of industrial building.

(2) Any regulations made under this section shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if either House of Parliament within the period of forty days beginning with the day on* which the regulations are laid before it resolves that the regulations be annulled, they shall thereupon become void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(3) For the purposes of the last foregoing section, the person who causes the erection of a building (whether for the occupation

- or use of himself or of any other person), and not (except where the first-mentioned person himself carries out the work) the person by whom the work is carried out, shall be deemed to be the person by whom the building is erected.

Supplementary .

11. —(1) Subject to any direction given under this section, any expenses incurred by any Government department under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(2) Subject to any direction given under this section, any receipts of a Government department in respect of loans made under this Act, or of the disposal of land acquired, or on which work has been carried out, under this Act, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) The Treasury may direct that any expenses or receipts of a Government department under section three or section eight of this Act shall respectively be defrayed out of or paid into such

Supplementary provisions relating to s. 9.

Expenses

receipts.

430

Provisions as to acquisition and disposal of land.

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw. 8. c. 51

Exercise of functions of Board of Trade.

Service of notices.

52 & 53 Vict, c. 63.

Ch. 36. Distribution of Industry 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

fund under the control and management of the department as may be specified in the direction :

Provided that no direction shall be given such as to impose a charge on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

12. —(1) Compulsory purchase orders may be made under this Act in accordance with the provisions of the Housing Act, 1936, set out with modifications in the Second Schedule to this Act; and those provisions shall apply accordingly to the compulsory purchase of land by virtue of this Act.

(2) The consideration for any disposal (whether by sale or lease or otherwise) of land acquired by the Board of Trade under this Act, or land held by the Board on which buildings have been erected or works carried out by them under this Act, shall be determined with the consent of the Treasury.

13. Anything required or authorised under this Act to be done by, to or before the Board of Trade may be done by, to or before the President of the Board, any secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board or any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board.

14. —(1) Any notice or other document required or authorised to be served under this Act may be served on any person either by delivering it to him,- or by leaving it at his proper address, or by post, so however that a document shall not be duly served by post unless it is sent by registered letter.

(2) Any such document required or authorised to be served upon an incorporated company or body shall be duly served if it is served upon the secretary or clerk of the company or body.

(3) For the purposes of this section and of section twenty-six of the Interpretation Act, 1889, the proper address of any person ilpon whom any such document as aforesaid is to be served shall, in the case of the secretary or clerk of any incorporated company or body be that of the registered or principal office of the company or bo(jly, and in any other case be the last known address of the person to be served.

(4) If it is not practicable after reasonable enquiry to ascertain the name or address of an owner, lessee or occupier of land on whom any such document as aforesaid is to be served, the document may be served by addressing it to him by the description of " owner " or " lessee " or " occupier " of the premises (naming them) to which it relates, and by delivering it to some person on the premises or, if there is no person on the premises to whom it can be delivered, by affixing it, or a copy of it, to some conspicuous part of the premises.

*945-

Distribution of Industry

Act, 1945.

Ch. 36.

43i

15. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say,—

" industrial building " and " industrial premises " mean respectively a building and premises used or desigijed

* or suitable for use for the carrying on of any industrial process;

" industrial undertaking" means an undertaking by which an industrial process is carried on;

" industrial process" means any process for or incidental to any of the following purposes, namely,—

(«) the making of any article or of part of any article, or

(6) the altering, repairing, ornamenting, finishing, cleaning, washing, packing or canning, or adapting for sale, or breaking up or demolition, of any article, or

(c) without prejudice to the foregoing paragraphs, the getting, dressing or preparation for sale of minerals or the extraction or preparation for sale of oil or brine,

being a process carried on in the course of trade or business, and for the purposes of this definition the expression " article" means an article of any description, including a ship or vessel;

" local authority" means the council of a county, county borough, or county district, or in relation to Scotland a county council, town council or district council;

" trading or industrial estate company" means a company the objects of which include the provision of industrial premises for use by persons other than the company, being a company the constitution of which prohibits the distribution of the profits of the company to its members.

(2) References in this Act to a Minister of the Crown shall be construed as references to the Secretary of State, Minister or Board in charge of a Government department.

16. —(t) Anything required or authorised to be done by section seven of this Act in relation to any area or part of an area in Scotland shall be done by the Board of Trade and the Secretary of State acting jointly.

(2) The provisions of Part V of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the application of that Schedule to Scotland.

17. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Distribution of Industry Act, 1945.

(2) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

Interpretation.

Provisions as to Scotland.

Short title and extent.

432 Ch. 36.

Sections 1, 7.

Distribution of Industry 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Development Areas.

The North-Eastern Development Area.

The Administrative County of Durham and the County Boroughs of Darlington, Gateshead, South Shields, Sunderland and West Hartlepool.

The County Boroughs of Newcastle-on-Tyne and Tynemouth.

In the Administrative County of Northumberland—

The Boroughs of Wallsend and Blyth.

The Urban Districts of Longbenton, Newburn, Ashington, Newbiggin by the Sea, Bedlingtonshire, Seaton Valley, Whitley Bay and Gosforth.

The County Borough of Middlesbrough.

In the North Riding of Yorkshire—

The Boroughs of Thomaby on Tees and Redcar.

The Urban Districts of Eston, Guisborough, Saltburn and Marske by the Sea, Skelton and Brotton and Loftus.

Within the Rural District of Stokesley, the parishes of Ingleby Barwick, Maltby, Stainton, Hemlington, Marton and Ormesby, and within the Rural District of Whitby, the parish of Hinderwell.

The West Cumberland Development Area.

In the Administrative County of Cumberland—

The Boroughs of Whitehaven and Workington.

The Urban Districts of Cockermouth and Mary port.

The Rural Districts of Cockermouth, Ennerdale, Millom and Wigton.

The South Wales and Monmouthshire Development Area.

The Administrative County of Glamorgan, and the County Boroughs of Cardiff, Merthyr Tydfil and Swansea.

In the Administrative County of Carmarthen—

The Boroughs of Kidwelly and Llanelly.

The Urban Districts of Ammanford, Burry Port and Cwmamfnan.

The Rural District of Llanelly.

In the Administrative County of Pembroke—

The Borough of Pembroke.

In the Administrative County of Brecknock—

The Urban District of Brynmawr.

The Rural Districts of Crickhowell, Vaynor and Penderyn and Ystradgynlais.

The County Borough of Newport.

1945- Distribution of Industry Ch. 36.

Act, 1945.

In the Administrative County of Monmouth—

The Urban Districts of Abercam, Abertillery, Bedwas and Machen, Bedwellty, Blaenavon, Caerleon, Cwmbran, Ebbw Vale, Mynyddislwyn, Nantyglo and Blaina, Pontypool, Rhymney, Risca, Tredegar and Usk.

The Rural Districts of Magor and St. Mellons and Pontypool.

The Scottish Development Area.

The Counties of Dunbarton, Lanark and Renfrew.

. The County of the City of Glasgow.

The parishes of- Ardrossan, Beith, Dairy, Dreghom, Dunlop, Fenwick, Galston, Irvine, Kilbimie, Kilmarnock, Kilmaurs, Kilwinning, London, Riccarton, Stevenston, and Stewarton, within the County of Ayr.

The parish of Sanquhar within the County of Dumfries so far as situated north of the London Midland and Scottish Railway line from Dumfries to Kilmarnock.

The parishes of Falkirk, Grangemouth, Muiravonside and Slaman-nan within the County of Stirling so far as situated south of the London and North Eastern Railway line from Castlecary to Linlithgow, and also the parishes of Campsie and Balder-nock within that County.

The parishes of Bathgate, Ecclesmachan, Kirkliston, Livingston, Linlithgow, Torphichen, Uphall and Whitburn within the County of West Lothian so far as situated south of the London and North Eastern Railway line from Linlithgow to Ratho.

The parishes of Kirknewton, Mid Calder and West Calder within the County of Midlothian.

The County of the City of Dundee.

References in this Schedule to any county, county borough, City, county district or parish shall, subject to the provisions of any order under subsection (2) of section seven of this Act, be construed as references thereto as defined at the passing of this Act.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Compulsory Purchase Orders.

Part L

Procedure for Authorising Compulsory Purchase.

1. A compulsory purchase order shall incorporate, subject to the modifications set out in Part IV of this Schedule and to any necessary adaptations, the Lands Clauses Acts, section seventy-seven of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and sections seventy-eight to eighty-five of that Act (as originally enacted and not as amended for certain purposes by section fifteen of the Mines (Working Facilities

2 E

433

1ST SCH. —coni.

Sections 12,16.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 20.

13 & 14 Geo. c. 20.

434

2ND SCH.

—cont.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

Ch. 36. Distribution of Industry 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

and Support) Act, 1923), and shall describe by reference to a map the land to which it relates, and subject as aforesaid shall be in such form as the Board of Trade may determine.

2. Where the Board of Trade propose to make a compulsory purchase order they shall prepare a draft thereof, and shall—

(a) publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the district

in which the land to which the draft of the order relates is situated a notice stating that they propose to make a compulsory purchase order and describing the said land and naming a place where a copy of the draft of the order and of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours;

(b) serve on every owner, lessee and occupier (except tenants for

a month or a less period than a month) of any of the land to which the draft of the order relates a notice stating that the Board propose to make a compulsory purchase order and the effect thereof and specifying the time within which, and the manner in which, objections to the proposal may be made.

3. —(1) If no objection is duly made—

(a) by any of the persons upon whom notices are required to be

served, or

(b) by any local authority in whose area the land to which the draft of the order relates is situated, or by any society or body having as its object or one of its objects the preservation of amenities enjoyed by the public, being a society or body the character and membership of which is such that it is, in the opinion of the Board of Trade, proper that their views should be considered,

or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the Board may, if they think fit, make an order either in accordance with the draft or with any modification thereof except, unless all persons interested consent, a modification extending the order to any land not designated by the draft.

(2) In any other case the Board shall, before making an order, cause a public local inquiry to be held, and shall consider any objection not withdrawn and the report of the person who held the inquiry, and may then make an order as aforesaid :

Provided that the Board may require any person who has made an objection to state in writing the grounds thereof, and may make an order without causing a public local inquiry to be held if they are satisfied that every objection duly made relates exclusively to matters which can be dealt with by the arbitrator by whom the compensation is to be assessed.

(3) Subsections (2) to (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which relate to the giving of evidence at, and defraying the costs of, local inquiries) shall apply to local inquiries held in pursuance of this paragraph as they apply to the local inquiries mentioned in subsection (1) of the said section two hundred and ninety.

1945-

Distribution of Industry

Act, 1945.

Ch. 36;

435

Part II.

Validity and Operation of Compulsory Purchase Orders.

2ND Sch.

—cont.

4. So soon as may be after a compulsory purchase order has been made, the Board of Trade shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the district in which the land designated by the order is situated a notice stating that the order has been made, and naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours, and shall serve a like notice on every person who, having duly given notice of his objection to the making of the order, appeared at the public local inquiry in support of his objection.

5. If any person aggrieved by a compulsory purchase order desires to question the validity thereof, or of any provision contained therein, on the ground that it is not within the powers of this Act or that any requirement of this Act has not been complied with in relation to the order, he may, within six weeks from the publication of notice of the making of the order, make an application to the High Court, and on any such application the Court—

(a) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order or any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings; and

(b) if satisfied that the order or any provision contained therein

is not within the powers of this Act or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of this Act not having been complied with, may quash the order or any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as if affects any property of the applicant

6. Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph, a compulsory purchase order shall not, either before or after it has been made, be questioned in any legal proceedings whatsoever, and shall become operative on the expiration of six weeks from the date on which notice of the making of the order is published in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Schedule.

Part III.

Restrictions on Compulsory Purchase of Certain Lands.

7.—(1) Where a compulsory purchase order authorises the purchase of any land forming part of a common, open space, fuel allotment or field garden allotment, the order, so far as it relates to the purchase of such land, shall be provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament, except where the order provides for giving in exchange for such land other land, not being less in area, certified by the appropriate Minister to be equally advantageous to the persons, if any, entitled to commonable or other rights and to the public.

2 E

436

2ND SCH.

— con.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 47.

7 Edw. 7. c. xxxvi.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. lxxxvi.

Ch. 36. DistribtUion of Industry 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(2) Before giving any such certificate the appropriate Minister shall give public notice of the proposed exchange, and afford opportunities to all persons interested to make representations and objections in relation thereto, and shall, if necessary, hold a public load inquiry on the subject.

Sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 3 of this Schedule shall apply to local inquiries under this paragraph as it applies to local inquiries under that paragraph.

(3) An order which provides for such an exchange shall provide for vesting the land given in exchange in the persons in whom the common, open space, or allotment was vested, subject to the same rights, trusts and incidents as attached to the common, open space or allotment, and for discharging the part of the common, open space, or allotment purchased from all rights, trusts and incidents to which it was previously subject.

(4) Part II of this Schedule shall not apply to a compulsory purchase order in so far as it is provisional only and of no effect until confirmed by Parliament.

(5) For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression " appropriate Minister " means, in relation to a common or a fuel allotment or field garden allotment, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, and in relation to an open space, not being a common or such an allotment, the Minister of Town and Country Planning; the expression "common" includes any land subject to be enclosed under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, and any town or village green; the expressions " fuel allotment " and " field garden allotment " mean respectively an allotment set out as a fuel allotment and as a field garden allotment under an Inclosure Act; and the expression " open space" means any land laid out as a public garden, or used for the purposes of public recreation, or land being a disused burial ground.

8. A compulsory purchase order shall not authorise the purchase of any land which is the site of an ancient monument or other object of archaeological interest, or the purchase of any building included in a list compiled or approved under the provisions of section forty-two of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944.

9. A compulsory purchase order shall not authorise the purchase of any land belonging to the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated by the National Trust Act, 1907, which is inalienable under section twenty-one of that Act or section eight of the National Trust Act, 1939.

10. —(1) A compulsory purchase order shall not authorise the purchase of any land which is the property of a local authority, or of any land which is the property of statutory undertakers, having been acquired by them for the purposes of their undertaking.

(2) In this paragraph the expression " local authority " includes a jpint committee appointed under any enactment, order or scheme if all the constituent authorities are local authorities.

I945*

Distribution of Industry

Act, 1945.

Ch. 36.

437

Part IV.

2ND SCH.

—cont.

Modifications of Lands Clauses Acts and Acquisition

of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, for Purposes of this Act.

The Lands Clauses .

11. In construing the Lands Clauses Acts as incorporated with a compulsory purchase order,—

(a) this Act, together with the compulsory purchase order in question, shall be deemed to be the special Act;

(b) references to the promoters of the undertaking shall be construed as references to the Board of Trade;

(c) references to the execution of the works shall be construed as references to any erection or carrying out by the Board of Trade of buildings or works authorised by this Act.

12. The following sections of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 9 Vict. 1845, shall be excepted from incorporation with a compulsory purchase c*l8, order, that is to say,—

(a) sections one hundred and twenty-seven to one hundred and

thirty-two (which relate to the sale of superfluous land);

(b) section one hundred and thirty-three (which relates to promoters making good deficiencies in land tax and rates);

(c) sections one hundred and fifty and one hundred and fifty-one (which relate to access to the special Act).

I

13. —(1) Where the Board of Trade have served notice to treat on every owner of any land, they may at any time thereafter serve a notice on every owner and occupier of any of the land, describing the land to which the notice relates and stating their intention to enter on that land and take possession thereof at the expiration of such period (not being less than fourteen days) from the date on which the notice is served as may be therein specified.

(2) At the expiration of the period specified in such a notice (or, where two or more such notices are required, and the periods specified in the several notices do not expire at the same time, at the expiration of the last of those periods to expire), or at any time thereafter, the Board of Trade may enter on and take possession of the land without previous consent or compliance with sections eighty-four to ninety of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, but subject to the payment of the like compensation for the land of which possession is taken, and interest on the compensation agreed or awarded, as they would have been required to pay if those provisions had been complied with. 14

14. The following provisions shall have effect in substitution for the provisions of section ninety-two of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, that is to say, no person shall be required to sell a part only of any house, building or manufactory, or of a park or garden belonging to a house, if he is willing and able to sell the whole of the house, building, manufactory, park or garden, unless the arbitrator determines that, in the case of a house, building or manufactory, such part as is

438 Ch. 36. Distribution of Industry 8 & ^Geo. 6.

, 1945.

2nd Sch. proposed to be taken can be taken without material detriment to the —cont. house, building or manufactory, or, in the case of a park or garden,

that such part as aforesaid can be taken without seriously affecting the amenity or convenience of the house, and, if he so determines, he shall award compensation in respect of any loss due to the severance of the part so proposed to be taken, in addition to the value of that part, and thereupon the party interested shall be required to sell to the Board of Trade that part of the house, building, manufactory, park or garden.

15. Where glebe land or other land belonging to an ecclesiastical •benefice is purchased compulsorily, or compensation falls to be paid for damage sustained by the owner of such land by reason of severance or injury affecting the land, sums agreed upon or awarded for the purchase, severance or injury shall not be paid as directed by the Lands Clauses Acts, but shall be paid to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to be applied for the purposes for which the proceeds of a sale by agreement of the land would be applicable under any enactment or Measure authorising such a sale.

16. All notices required to be served by the Board of Trade may, notwithstanding anything in section nineteen of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, be served and addressed in the manner specified in this Act in relation to notices required to be served under this Act.

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919.

17. The arbitrator shall not take into account any interest in land, or any enhancement of the value of any interest in land by reason of any building erected, work done or improvement or alteration made, whether on the land purchased or on any other land with which the claimant is, or was at the time of the erection, doing or making of the building, work, improvement or alteration, directly or indirectly concerned, if the arbitrator is satisfied that the creation of the interest, the erection of the building, the doing of the work, or the making of the improvement or alteration, as the case may be, was not reasonably necessary and was undertaken with a view to obtaining compensation or increased compensation.

8 & 9 Vict, c. r9.

Part V.

Application to Scotland.

18. This Schedule shall apply to Scotland subject to the following modifications:—

(a) for any reference to the High Court there shall be substituted a reference to the Court of Session; and for any reference to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or the Minister of Town and Country Planning there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State;

(b) for the provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845,

referred to, there shall be substituted the corresponding provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, that is to say for section nineteen, section eighteen; for

1945- Distribution of Industry Ch. 36,37. 439

Act, 1945.

sections eighty-four to ninety, sections eighty-three to 2nd Sch. eighty-eight; for section ninety-two, section ninety; for —re-

sections one hundred and twenty-seven to one hundred and thirty-two, sections one hundred and twenty to one hundred and twenty-five; for section one hundred and thirty-three, section one hundred and twenty-seven; and for sections one hundred and fifty and one hundred and fifty-one, sections one hundred and forty-two and one hundred and forty-three;

(c) for references to the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845,

and to sections seventy-seven and seventy-eight to eighty-five thereof there shall be respectively substituted references to the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and 8 & 9 Vict, to section seventy and sections seventy-one to seventy-eight c. 33. thereof;

(d) paragraph 3 shall have effect as if subsections (2) to (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933, applied to Scotland with the substitution of references to an order for references to a summons, and the omission of the word "summarily " in subsection (4) and of the words from " and every such order " in subsection (5) to the end of the subsection;

(e) for any reference to section forty-two of the Town and Country

Planning Act, 1944, there shall be substituted a reference to any similar enactment applying to Scotland;

(f) paragraph 7 shall have effect as if the references to fuel

allotments, field garden allotments, and land subject to being enclosed under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, were omitted;

(g) paragraph 14 shall not apply.

CHAPTER 37

Education (Scotland) Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

Provision of Education by Education Authorities. Primary, Secondary and Further Education.

Section.

1. Provision of educational facilities by education authorities.

2. Provision of educational facilities to be in accordance with schemes.

3. Facilities for recreation and social and physical training.

4. Amendment of s. 68 of Act of 1872.

5. Safeguards for religious beliefs,

6. Child guidance service.

7. Education of pupils requiring special educational treatment.

8. Power to provide education elsewhere than at an educational

establishment.

9. Provision of hostels, etc.

10. Combination of institutions for mental defectives and special schools.

440

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Free Educa.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Section.

11. Free education.

School Buildings, etc.

12. Provision and maintenance of schools, etc.

13. Requirements as to premises of schools, etc.

14. Discontinuance of educational establishments.

15. Acquisition of land, etc.

16. Borrowing powers.

Co-operation between Education Authorities and Others.

17. Provision by education authority for education of pupils belonging

to areas.of other authorities.

18. Co-operation in the performance of functions.

19. Contributions to universities.

Part II.

Rights and Duties of Parents and Functions of Education -Authorities in Relation to Individual Pupils.

General Principle.

20. Pupils to be educated in accordance with the -wishes of their parents.

Promotion from Primary to Secondary Education.

21. Promotion schemes.

Attendance at School.

22. Duty of parents to provide education for their children.

23. School age.

24. Dates for commencing and terminating attendance at school.

25. Failure to attend regularly at a public school.

26. Attendance orders.

27. Reasonable excuses.

28. Legal proceedings.

Attendance at Junior Colleges.

29. Attendance at junior colleges.

30. Provisions for securing attendance at junior colleges.

31. Enforcement of attendance at junior colleges.

Provision to enable Pupils to take advantage of Educational Facilities.

32. Power of education authorities to enable persons to take advantage

of educational facilities.

33. Education of pupils in exceptional circumstances.

34. Provision of transport and other facilities.

35. Recovery of cost of board and lodging.

Provision of Milk, Meals, etc.

36. Provision of milk and meals at schools and other educational

establishments under the management of education authorities.

37. Provision of ancillary services for pupils not in attendance at public

schools.

Medical Inspection, Supervision and Treatment.

38. Medical inspection and treatment of pupils.

39. Power to ensure cleanliness.

1945* Education (Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

Handicapped Children.

Section.

40. Duty of education authorities to ascertain what children are suffering

from disability.

41. Children requiring special educational treatment.

42. Duty of education authorities to report to local authorities under

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 38 in certain cases.

Restriction of Employment.

43. Power of education authorities to prohibit or restrict employment of

children.

Part III.

Administration and Staffing.

Business Arrangements of Education Authorities.

44. Amendment of law regarding schemes under 19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 25.

45. Admission of Press to meetings of education committees.

46. Minutes of education committee meetings.

47. Education estimates.

Director of Education.

48. Appointment of director of education.

Teachers.

49. Training of teachers and certificates of competency.

50. Salaries of teachers.

51. Married women teachers.

Amendment of the Teachers Superannuation Scheme.

52. Amendment of superannuation scheme.

Inspection of Schools and Educational Establishments.

53. Inspection of educational establishments.

54. Inspection of schools on request of managers.

Supplementary Provisions as to Grants.

55. Payment of grants to be subject to conditions.

56. Provision for certain payments out of Education (Scotland) Fund

for certain purposes.

Miscellaneous Powers of Secretary of State.

57. Powers of Secretary of State as to medical examination and inspection.

58. Local inquiries.

59. Approval and carrying out of schemes.

60. Powers of Secretary of State to enforce duty of authorities and other

persons.

Miscellaneous Administrative Provisions.

61. Revocation and variation of orders and directions.

62. Regulations to be laid before Parliament.

63. Certificates of birth.

64. Notices.

65. Actuarial inquiry under 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 55.

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

Independent Schools.

Section.

66. Registration of independent schools.

67. Complaints.

68. Determination of complaints.

69. Enforcement of orders.

70. Removal of disqualifications.

71. Proceedings before Independent Schools Tribunals and matters

relating thereto.

Part V.

General.

Expenses of Secretary of State.

72. Expenses of Secretary of State.

Educational Endowments.

73. Register of educational endowments.

74. Alteration of schemes under 45 & 46 Vict. c. 59.

75. Date of endowment accounts.

76. Amendment of 18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 30.

77. Sale of land belonging to educational endowments.

Promotion of Educational Developments.

78. Research.

79. Educational conferences.

Evidence.

80. Provisions as to evidence.

Savings.

81. Saving as to' persons in the service of the Crown.

82. Saving as to lunatics, mental defectives, etc.

Miscellaneous.

83. Effect of attendance notices on computation of working hours.

84. Adaptation of enactments relating to employment of children and

young persons.

85. Exemption from rates.

86. Amendment of enactments.

87. Interpretation.

88. Repeal of obsolete enactments.

89. Citation, repeal and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Articles incorporated in the Teachers Superannuation Scheme.

Second Schedule.—Local'Inquiries.

Third Schedule.—Constitution of Independent Schools Tribunals. Fourth Schedule.—Minor and Consequential Amendments.

Fifth Schedule.—Obsolete Enactments.

Sixth Schedule.—Enactments Repealed.

1945* Education (Scotland) Ch. 37. 443

Act, 1945.

An Act to amend the law relating to education in Scotland.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Provision of Education by Education Authorities.

Primary, Secondary and Further Education.

1.—(1) It shall be the duty of every education authority Provision of to secure that adequate and efficient provision is made educational throughout their area of all forms of primary, secondary and further education (including the teaching of Gaelic in Gaelic- aut^rities. speaking areas).

(2) " Primary education" means progressive elementary education in such subjects as may be prescribed in the code, regard being had to the age, ability and aptitude of the pupils concerned, and such education shall be given in primary schools or departments. Primary education includes training by appropriate methods in schools and classes (hereinafter referred to as " nursery schools " and " nursery classes ") for pupils between the age of two years and such later age as may be permitted by the code.

(3) " Secondary education" means progressive courses of instruction of such length and in such subjects as may be approved in terms of the code as appropriate to the age, ability and aptitude of pupils who have been promoted from primary schools and departments and to the period for which they may be expected to remain at school. Such courses shall be given in secondary schools or departments.

(4) " Primary education " and " secondary education " include education by special methods (hereinafter referred to as " special educational treatment") appropriate to the special requirements of pupils who suffer from Usability of mind or body. Special educational treatment shall be given in special schools approved by the Secretary of State for the purpose, or by other means so approved.

(5) " Further education " includes—

(a) compulsory part-time and in exceptional cases full-time courses of instruction approved in terms of the code given in colleges (hereinafter referred to as " junior colleges ") to young persons not exempt from attendance under subsection (8) of section twenty-nine of this Act and designed to enable them to develop their various

444 Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6*

Act, 1945.

aptitudes and capacities and to prepare them for the responsibilities of citizenship;

voluntary part-time and full-time courses of instruction for persons over school age; and

voluntary leisure-time occupation, in such organised cultural training and recreative activities as are suited to their requirements, for persons over school age.

(6) The provision of primary education in nursery schools and nursery classes shall be deemed to be adequate if such provision is made at centres where sufficient children whose parents desire such education for them can be enrolled to form a school or class of a reasonable size.

(7) The provision of secondary education shall be deemed to be adequate if a reasonable variety of courses is provided, from which the parent of a pupil may select a course from which, in the opinion of the education authority, the pupil shows reasonable promise of profiting, and the parent shall not be entitled to select a course of secondary education from which in the opinion of the education authority (confirmed by the Secretary of State in the event of a dispute between the parent and the authority) the pupil shows no reasonable promise of profiting.

Part I. —cont.

(*>

(0)

Provision of

edacational

facilities

to be in

accordance

with

schemes.

2.—(1) The functions of an education authority under the foregoing section shall be exercised in accordance with schemes prepared as hereinafter provided and approved by the Secretary of State under section fifty-nine of this Act.

(2) It shall be the duty of an education authority within such time as may be prescribed to prepare and submit for the approval of the Secretary of State a scheme or schemes for the exercise of their powers and duties under the foregoing section.

(3) An education authority may at any time, and shall if and when so required by the Secretary of State, prepare and submit for his approval a revised scheme or modification of an existing scheme under this section.

(4) In considering and determining for the purposes of any scheme for the provision of primary and secondary education what amount of public school accommodation or additional public school accommodation is required for their area, an education authority shall have regard to and take into account every school, whether public or not, and whether situated in the area or not, which, in their opinion, gives, or will when completed give, efficient primary or secondary education, and is, or will when completed be, suitable and available for the education of the pupils in such education area.

(5) An education authority shall for the purposes of the last foregoing subsection have power to call upon all head teachers

1935* Education (Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

and managers of schools other than public schools for such information and for access to and delivery of all such documents as shall to the education authority appear to be necessary to enable them to discharge their duties under this Act, and an education authority may from time to time appoint fit and proper persons to procure such information and to inspect such documents.

(6) In the preparation of any scheme for the provision of primary and secondary education, an education authority shall, in particular, have regard to the expediency of securing the provision of boarding accommodation, either in boarding schools or in hostels, for pupils for whom education as boarders is considered by their parents and by the authority to be desirable.

(7) In the preparation of any scheme for further education, an education authority shall have regard to such of the following considerations as may be relevant—

(a) to any facilities for such education provided for their

area by universities, central institutions, training centres, training colleges, educational associations and other bodies and to the need for consultation with any such organisations as. aforesaid and with the education authorities for adjacent areas; and the scheme may include such provisions as to the co-operation of any such bodies or authorities as may have been agreed between them and the authority preparing the scheme;

(b) to the need for consultation with persons concerned or

engaged in crafts, industries, commerce or other employments in their area;

(c) to the need for securing the adequate provision of

technical education and, keeping in view the requirements of the crafts, industries, commerce and other employments in the area and the provision therefor made elsewhere, to the need for the establishment of local technical colleges offering courses of suitable standard;

(d) to the expediency of securing the provision of boarding

accommodation, either as part of a junior college or in hostels, for pupils for whom residence at a distance from their homes is necessary in order that the greatest advantage may be derived from compulsory further education; and *

(e) to the desirability of securing the provision of residential

colleges for other forms of further education.

(8) Where general arrangements under section thirty-three of this Act are part of the measures to be taken by the authority to

445

Part I.

— con

446

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I. —coni.

Facilities for recreation and social and physical training.

1 Edw. 8.

1 Geo. 6. c. 46.

Amendment of s. 68 of Act of 1872.

Safeguards for

religious

beliefs.

secure the adequate provision of primary or secondary or compulsory further education for persons resident in any part of their area, information regarding the said arrangements shall be included in the appropriate scheme prepared under this section.

3. —(1) It shall be the duty of an education authority to secure that the facilities for primary, secondary and further education provided for their area include adequate facilities for recreation and social and physical training. For that purpose an education authority, with the approval of the Secretary of State, may establish, maintain and manage, or assist the establishment, maintenance and management of camps, holiday classes, playing fields, play centres and other places (including playgrounds, gymnasiums and swimming baths not appropriated to any school or college) at which facilities for recreation and for such training as aforesaid are available for persons for whom primary, secondary or further education is provided by the authority. They may also organise games, expeditions and other activities for such persons, and may defray or contribute towards the expenses thereof.

(2) An education authority, in making arrangements for the provision of facilities or the organisation of activities under the powers conferred on them by the last foregoing subsection, shall, in particular, .have regard to the expediency of co-operating with any voluntary societies or bodies whose objects include the provision of facilities or the organisation of activities of a similar character.

(3) It shall be in the power of an education authority to provide, for pupils in attendance at any school or junior college under their management, articles of clothing suitable for physical exercise.

(4) Sections one and two of the Physical Training and Recreation Act, 1937, (which, as applied to Scotland, relate to a National Advisory Council and regional committees and subcommittees for the promotion of physical training), and so much of section three of that Act as relates to the grants committee, to recommendations of that committee and to consultation with the aforesaid Council shall cease to have effect.

4. Section sixty-eight of the Act of 1872, in so far as it limits the time or times during which religious observance may be practised or instruction in religious subjects may be given, shall cease to have effect, and accordingly the words in the said section from " for elementary " to " meeting, and " shall be repealed.

5. Where the parent of any pupil who is a boarder at any public school, junior college or other educational establishment under the management of an education authority requests

1945* Education (Scotland) CH.37. 447

Act, 1945.

that the pupil be permitted to attend worship in accordance Part 1.

with the tenets of a particular religious denomination on Sundays ___coni '.

or other days exclusively set apart for religious observance by the religious body to which his parent belongs, or to receive religious instruction or to practise religious observance in accordance with such tenets outside the working hours of the school, junior college or other educational establishment, the education authority shall make arrangements for affording to the pupil reasonable opportunities for so doing, and such arrangements may provide for affording facilities for such worship, instruction or observance on the premises of the school, junior college or other educational establishment, so however that such arrangements shall not entail expenditure by the education authority.

6. It shall be lawful for an education authority to provide Child guidance a child guidance service in child guidance clinics or elsewhere, service.

The function of the service shall be to study handicapped, backward and difficult children, to give advice to parents and teachers as to appropriate methods of education and training and in suitable cases to provide special educational treatment for such children in child guidance clinics.

7.—(1) The Secretary of State shall make regulations defining Education of the several categories of pupils requiring special educational pupils treatment and making provision as to the special educational requiring arrangements appropriate for pupils of each category. educational

(2) The arrangements made by an education authority for the treatment, special educational treatment of pupils of any such category shall be such as to ensure, as far as practicable, that the education is given in an appropriate special school or by other appropriate means.

(3) The code may prescribe the requirements to be complied with as a condition of approval as a special school, and as to the withdrawal of approval from any special school which fails to comply with requirements so prescribed.

(4) The requirements prescribed by the code with respect to special schools shall be such as to secure that a pupil shall in no case be compelled to take part in religious observance or to receive religious instruction contrary to the wishes of his parent.

8. If an education authority are satisfied that by reason of Power to any extraordinary circumstances a pupil is unable to attend a provide suitable educational establishment for the purpose of receiving ejiuc^ion education, they shall have power, with the approval of the Secre- tharTat^n tary of State, to make special arrangements for him to receive educational education elsewhere than at an educational establishment. establishment.

448

Part I. —coni. Provision of hostels, etc.

Combination of institutions for mental defectives and special schools.

Free

education.

Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

9. An education authority shall have power to provide and maintain hostels for pupils attending cjay schools or young persons attending junior colleges or other educational establishments in their area, and shall if required by the Secretary of State exercise, in accordance with such conditions as he may prescribe, the power hereby conferred.

10. —(1) Subject to the approval of the Secretary of State and of the General Board of Control for Scotland, any council being a local authority for the purposes of the Mental Deficiency Acts and also an education authority may, in the exercise of their functions as such local authority and as an education authority, provide and maintain institutions to be used both as certified institutions under the said Acts and as special schools under the Education Acts.

(2) The Secretary of State shall determine in what proportion the expenses incurred in the provision and maintenance of any such institutions ought to be treated as having been incurred by the council in the exercise of their functions under the Mental Deficiency Acts and in the exercise of their functions under the Education Acts respectively, and the said expenses shall be defrayed accordingly.

Free Education.

11.—(1) Primary, secondary and compulsory further education provided in public schools and junior colleges under the management of .an education authority shall be without payment of fees, provided that if the authority think it expedient they may charge fees in some or all of the classes in a limited number of primary and secondary schools, provided further that the power to charge fees may be exercised only where it can be exercised without prejudice to the adequate provision of free primary and secondary education in public schools in which no fees are charged, or in other schools the managers of which agree, in respect of such payment by the education authority as may be agreed, to admit and educate pupils free of charge on the nomination of the education authority.

(2) An education authority shall provide free of charge for all pupils who are given free education at schools or junior colleges under their management or at other schools in accordance with the last foregoing subsection books, writing materials, stationery, mathematical instruments, practice material and other articles which are necessary to enable the pupils to take full advantage of the education provided. The authority may also make similar provision, with or without charge, for other pupils resident in their area and attending any school or other educational establishment.

I945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

449

(3) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection, a pupil in Part I.

respect of whose education fees are charged in a school or class —cont.

managed by an education authority shall be deemed to be given free education if the authority remit his fees, or pay his fees or grant a scholarship, bursary or allowance under section thirty-two of this Act which is not less in amount than the amount of the fees, or if an award not less in amount than the amount of the fees is made to the pupil by the governing body of any educational ■endowment within the meaning of the Educational Endowments x8 & 19 Geo. 5. (Scotland) Act, 1928, a condition of which is that the candidates c- 3°-require financial assistance, or if a combination of such remission, payments, grants or awards together amounts to or exceeds the amount of the fees.

School Buildings, etc.

12. —(1) It shall be the duty of an education authority to Provision and provide for their area, in accordance with any scheme under maintenance section two of this Act for the time being in force, in the area, of schools, etc. sufficient accommodation in public schools (whether day schools

■or boarding schools), junior colleges and other educational ■establishments under their management for all pupils resident in the area for whose education efficient and suitable provision is not otherwise made.

(2) An education authority shall maintain and keep efficient every public school, junior college and other educational establishment under their management and shall from time to time provide such additional accommodation as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of any such scheme as aforesaid.

(3) An education authority may, for the purposes of their ■duty under this section, provide, alter, improve, enlarge, equip and maintain schools, junior colleges and other educational ■establishments outside as well as within their area.

(4) An education authority may provide, alter, improve,

■enlarge, equip, maintain and furnish houses and hostels, with such outbuildings and gardens as they think expedient, for teachers and other officers employed by them. 13

13. —(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations pre- Requirements scribing the standards to which the premises, furnishing and as to premises equipment of schools, junior colleges and other educationalof schools> etc-establishments under the management of education authorities

are to conform, and such regulations may prescribe appropriate standards for such descriptions of schools, junior colleges and other establishments as may be specified in the regulations.

2 F

450

Part I. —cont.

Discontinuance of educational establishments.

18 & 19 Vict, c. 131.

Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, it shall be the duty of an education authority to secure that the premises, furnishing and equipment of every school, junior college and other educational establishment maintained by them conform to the standards prescribed for schools, colleges or educational establishments of the description to which the school, college or educational establishment belongs :

Provided that if the Secretary of State is satisfied with respect to the premises of any school, college or educational establishment that, having regard to the nature of the site or to any existing buildings thereon or to other special circumstances affecting such premises, it would be unreasonable to require conformity with the requirements of the regulations in any particular respect, he may direct that those premises shall be deemed to conform to the prescribed standards if in lieu of conforming to the requirements of the regulations in that respect they conform to such other requirements as may be specified.

(3) With a view to securing that the premises, furnishing and equipment of schools, junior colleges and other educational establishments under the management of an education authority are maintained in such a condition as to contribute to the good health of the pupils, it shall be the duty of an education authority to cause their medical officers as part of their ordinary work from time to time to inspect and to report to them upon the said premises, furnishing and equipment, and in malong the said inspections the medical officers shall have special regard to the lighting, heating and ventilation, and to the sanitary arrangements.

14.—(1) Subject to any special conditions attaching thereto and to any scheme under section two of this Act relating thereto, an education authority may, with the sanction of the Secretary of State,—

(a) discontinue, or change the site of, any educational

establishment under their management, or part thereof; and

(b) sell, excamb or let any land vested in them :

Provided that the sanction of the Secretary of State shall not be required in the case of a let for a period of one year or less or of a let with breaks in favour of the education authority at intervals not exceeding one year.

(2) The School Grants Act, 1855, (which restricts the sale of land for the purchase of which money was advanced out of the parliamentary grant for education) shall cease to have effect.

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

45i

15. In order to enable them to execute any of their functions, Part I.

an education authority may from time to time— —com.

Acquisition of

(a) acquire, whether by way of purchase, feu, lease, excambion land, etc. or donation, any land whether situated within or outwith the area of the authority;

(b) erect and furnish buildings or execute any other works on any land belonging to them, or on land leased by them;

(c) convert, alter, enlarge or improve any existing building or other works belonging to the authority or leased by them:

Provided always that paragraphs (6) and (c) of this section shall not of themselves authorise the authority to do anything contrary to the conditions contained in the title to or lease of any such land, buildings or other works.

16. —Where an education authority require to incur expenditure Borrowing in the exercise of any of the powers conferred upon them by powers, the last foregoing section, or in purchasing any moveable property,

or in making any other payment, and the authority are of opinion that the expenditure cannot conveniently be met out of revenue, they shall report the position to the Secretary of State, and if he considers that, by reason of the permanent character of the works involved, or of the length of time for which the moveable property may be expected to remain serviceable, or of the purpose for which . such other payment is to be made, the expenditure may properly be met by borrowing, and that the repayment of the loan should be spread over a term of years, the authority may borrow money for the purpose, and shall repay the money so borrowed within such period not exceeding fifty years as the Secretary of State may determine.

Co-operation between Education Authorities and Others.

17.—(1) An education authority shall have power to provide, in Provision by or in connection with any public school, junior college or other education educational establishment under their management, primary, ^Jjon o? secondary or further education and other services under this Act pup^ °n ° for any pupil belonging to the area of some other education belonging to authority. areas of other

authorities.

(2) Where an education authority or the managers of any school not conducted for private profit situated in the area of that authority have provided primary or secondary education with or without other services for any pupil belonging to the area of some other authority, the education authority or the managers, as the case may be, may, if a claim therefor is made within the prescribed period, recover from that other authority such

2 F 2

452 Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part I. contributions in respect of such provision as may be agreed by the authorities concerned or by the authority and the managers concerned, as the case may be, or, in default of such agreement, as may be determined by the Secretary of State, who shall have regard to the estimated cost of such provision :

Provided that, if in the case of any pupil the Secretary of State is satisfied, having regard to all the circumstances including the religious belief of the parents, that there was no sufficient reason why he should not have attended a school provided by the authority of the area to which he belongs, the Secretary of State may, on the application of that authority, direct that no contribution shall be recoverable in respect thereof under this subsection.

(3) For the purposes of this section, a pupil shall be deemed to belong to the area in which his parent resides.

(4) Where at the appointed day or at any subsequent date it is the practice of an education authority or of the managers of a school situated in the area of that authority to provide for the primary or secondary education of pupils belonging to the area of another education authority, then, whether contributions have been recovered under subsection (2) of this section or not, they shall not be entitled to discontinue such practice except after giving such notice as the Secretary of State may, in the event of a dispute, consider reasonable.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be construed as preventing the payment by agreement between education authorities or between an education authority and the managers of an educational establishment not conducted for private profit of contributions in respect of education and other services under this Act provided by one authority on behalf of another or by such managers on behalf of an authority in cases where the authority or the managers by whom the education or services are provided are not entitled to recover contributions under this section.

18.—(1) An education authority may, and shall, if required by the Secretary of State, make arrangements for co-operation or combination with another education authority in the performance of any duty or the exercise of any power under the Education Acts, and any scheme submitted to the Secretary of State undef the said Acts may include provision for such co-operation or combination.

(2) Where any question, difference or dispute arises between authorities in regard to or out of any such arrangements as aforesaid, the same shall be finally determined by the Secretary of State, and it shall be the duty of such authorities to comply with any such determination or any direction given for the purpose thereof.

Co-operation in the performance of functions.

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

453

19. An education authority may provide financial assistance to Part I

any university for the purpose of improving the facilities for —corn.

further education available for their area. Contributions

to universities.

Part II.

Rights and Duties of Parents and Functions of Education Authorities in Relation to Individual Pupils.

General Principle.

20. In the exercise and performance of their powers and duties Pupils to be under the Education Acts the Secretary of State and education educated in authorities shall have regard to the general principle that, so far ^httwwishes as is compatible with the provision of suitable instruction and^theirewis es training and the avoidance of unreasonable public expenditure, parents, pupils are to be educated in accordance with the wishes of their

parents.

Promotion from Primary to Secondary .

21. —(1) It shall be the duty’of an education authority within Promotion such time as may be prescribed to prepare and submit for the schemes, approval of the Secretary of State under section fifty-nine

of this Act a scheme (hereinafter referred to as a " promotion scheme") relating to the schools under their management and showing the method to be adopted for promoting pupils from primary schools or departments to secondary schools or departments and for enabling an opinion to be formed as to the courses from which each pupil shows reasonable promise of profiting and a decision to be made, after taking into account the wishes of the parent, as to the course to which the pupil is to be admitted.

(2) An education authority may at any time, and shall if and when so required by the Secretary of State, prepare and submit for his approval a revised scheme or modification of an existing scheme under this section.

Attendance at School.

22.—(1) It shall be the duty of the parent of every child of Duty of school age to provide efficient education for him suitable to his parents to age, ability and aptitude either by causing him to attend a public P^ovi()f school regularly or by other means. theiT

children.

(2) Sections two and three of the Act of 1936 (which relate to employment certificates) shall cease to have effect.

454

Part II. —coni. School age.

Dates for

commencing

and

terminating attendance at school.

Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

23. —(1) Subject to the provisions of subsections (3) and (4) of this section and of section twenty-four of this Act, the expression " school age" means any age between the age of five years and the age of fifteen years, and accordingly a person shall be deemed to be of school age if he has attained the age of five years and has not attained the age of fifteen years, and a person shall be deemed to be over school age if he has attained the age of fifteen years.

(2) The last foregoing subsection shall have effect with the substitution of the word "fourteen " for the word "fifteen " until the first day of April nineteen hundred and forty-six or such subsequent day within one year thereafter as the Secretary of State, having regard to the time required for enabling adequate provision to be made for a supply of teachers or of school accommodation to meet the needs of children between the ages of fourteen and fifteen years, may by order appoint.

(3) As soon as the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is practicable to raise the upper limit of the school age to sixteen, he shall make regulations prescribing that subsection (1) of this section shall have effect with the substitution of references to the age of sixteen for references to the age of fifteen.

(4) Where an education authority have decided under section forty-one of this Act that a child requires special educational treatment, that child shall, unless the said decision is rescinded, be deemed to be of school age until he attains the age of sixteen although the upper limit of school age in relation to other children is less than sixteen.

(5) Section three of the Act of 1901 shall have effect with the substitution for references to twelve and fourteen respectively—

(a) when the upper limit of school age is fifteen, of references

to fourteen and fifteen; and

(b) when that limit is sixteen, of references to fourteen and

sixteen.

(6) Section four of the Act of 1936 (which limits the power to grant exemption under the Act of 1901) shall come into operation on the day upon which the upper limit of the school age is raised to fifteen.

24. The Secretary of State may from time to time require an education authority to fix for their area any or all of the following dates:—

(a) two or more dates for commencing school attendance, and

(b) two or more dates for terminating school attendance.

1945-

* Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

455

The education authority shall intimate to the Secretary of State Part II. the dates which they propose to fix, and the Secretary of State —cont. may approve the said dates or may, after consultation with the authority and with such other persons as he thinks fit, require the authority to fix other dates. The authority shall fix dates in accordance with the approval or requirement of the Secretary of State, and thereupon a child resident in the area shall for the purpose of attendance at school be deemed to attain any given age on the fixed date next following the day when he actually attains that age.

25.—(1) Where a child of school age who has attended a public Failure to school on one or more occasions fails without reasonable excuse to attend attend regularly at the said school, then, unless the education authority have consented to the withdrawal of the child from the p school (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), his parent shall be guilty of an offence against this section.

(2) It shall be the duty of the education authority, if they consider that a parent has committed an offence against this section, to serve a notice on the parent requiring him, within such time as may be specified in the notice (not being less than forty-eight hours or more than seven days from the service thereof) to appear (with or without the child) before the authority, or any committee or sub-committee to whom the function may have been delegated, and explain the reason for the absence of the child from school.

If the parent fails to satisfy the authority or such committee or sub-committee that he had a reasonable excuse, the education authority or such committee or sub-committee may instruct that he be prosecuted forthwith under section twenty-eight of this Act, or may warn the parent and postpone for a period not exceeding one month a decision as to whether to prosecute.

(3) A child shall be deemed to attend regularly at a day school if he attends every meeting of the school at which attendance is compulsory. He shall be deemed to attend regularly at a boarding school if he is present at the school throughout the school term , except when he is granted leave of absence by the head teacher or by another person duly authorised by him.

26.—(1) Where a child of school age has not attended a school Attendance under the management of the education authority of the area in orders, which his parent is residing, or has attended such a school and has been withdrawn therefrom with the consent of the authority, then, if the education authority are not satisfied that the parent is providing efficient education for him suitable to his age, ability and aptitude, it shall be the duty of the education authority to serve a notice on the parent requiring him within such time as

456

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part II. may be specified in the notice (not being less than seven or more

—cont. than fourteen days from the service thereof) either—

(i) to appear (with or without the child) before the authority

or any committee or sub-committee to whom the function may have been delegated (in this section referred to as " the authority ") and give such information as the authority may require regarding the means, if any, he has adopted for providing education, or,

(ii) in the option of the parent, to give such information in

writing.

(2) If a parent on whom a notice has been served in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection fails to satisfy the authority that he is providing efficient education for the child suitable to his age, ability and aptitude or that there is reasonable excuse for his failure to do so, the authority shall, after considering any views expressed by the parent as to the school which he desires his child to attend, by an order in writing (hereinafter referred to as an " attendance order ") require the parent to cause the child to attend a school named in the order being a school the managers of which are willing to receive him :

Provided that a school at which the parent will be required to pay fees shall not be named in the order except at the request of the parent:

Provided further that a special school shall not be named in the order unless a certificate issued under subsection (2) of section forty-one of this Act is in force certifying that the child is suffering from such disability as to require special educational treatment.

(3) The authority shall cause a copy of any attendance order made by them under the last foregoing subsection to be served upon the parent, and it shall thereupon be the duty of the parent, subject to an appeal to the sheriff under the next succeeding subsection, to cause the child to attend regularly at the school named in the order.

(4) A parent aggrieved by the making of an attendance order may within fourteen days after the date upon which a copy of the order was served upon him under the last foregoing subsection appeal against it to the sheriff, who may confirm, vary or annul the order and whose decision shall be final.

(5) An authority may at any time while an attendance order is in force with respect to any child serve upon the parent of the said child a notice of their intention to amend the order by substituting the name of another school for that named in the order. The parent may within fourteen days of the service of the said notice intimate in writing to the authority any objections he may have to the proposed amendment. After the expiry of

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

457

the said period of fourteen days and after considering any Part II. objections made by the parent, the authority may amend the attendance order, and the provisos to subsection (2) and subsections (3) and (4) of this section shall apply in the case of the amended attendance order as they apply in the case of an attendance order.

(6) If at any time while nn attendance order is in force with respect to any child the parent of the child makes application to the authority by whom the order was made requesting that another school be substituted for that named in the order, or requesting that the order be revoked on the ground that arrangements have been made for the child to receive efficient education suitable to his age, ability and aptitude at a school other than that named in the order or elsewhere than at school, the authority shall amend or revoke the order in compliance with the request unless they are of opinion that the proposed change of school is unreasonable or inexpedient in the interests of the child, or that the arrangements made for the education of the child at a school other than that named in the order or elsewhere than at school are not satisfactory, as the case may be; and, if a parent is aggrieved by a failure of the authority to reach a decision upon his application within one month after the date thereof or by refusal of the authority to comply with any such request, he may appeal to the sheriff, who shall give such direction as he thinks fit. It shall not be deemed to be a reasonable excuse for failure to cause a child to attend regularly at a school named in an attendance order that an application or an appeal has been made under this subsection.

(7) An attendance order'made with respect to any child shall, subject to any amendment thereof made by the authority or variation made by the sheriff, and unless revoked by the authority or annulled by the sheriff, continue in force so long as the child is of school age and continues to reside in their area :

Provided that if a certificate under subsection (2) of section forty-one certifying that a child is suffering from such disability as to require special educational treatment is withdrawn, any attendance order requiring the attendance of that child at a special school shall be deemed to be annulled.

(8) Where an attendance order has been made and is in force in respect of any child, and a copy of such order has been served on the parent of the child, the parent shall, if the order is not complied with, be guilty of an offence against this section unless he satisfies the court that he has a reasonable excuse.

0

27.—(1) For the purposes of the last two foregoing sections. Reasonable there shall be deemed to be a reasonable excuse if— excuses.

(a) there is within walking distance of the child’s home measured by the nearest available route no school of a

458

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

kind mentioned in the second proviso to subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act the managers of which are willing to receive the child, and either—

(i) no arrangements have been made by the education authority under section thirty-three of this Act with regard to the child, or

(ii) any arrangements so made are such as to require the child to walk more than walking distance in the course of any journey between his home and school; or

(b) the child has been prevented by sickness from attending school or receiving education as the case may be; or

(c) there are other circumstances which in the opinion of the education authority or the court afford a reasonable excuse.

(2) When a parent alleges that his child has been prevented by sickness from attending school or receiving education as the case may be, the parent shall, if required by the education authority, permit a medical officer of the education authority to examine the child, and any parent who fails to do so shall be guilty of an offence against this section.

(3) In this section the expression " walking distance " means, in the case of a child who has not attained the age of eight years, two miles, and, in the case of any other child, three miles.

Legal 28.—(1) Any person guilty of an offence against any of the last

proceedings, three foregoing sections shall be liable, on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction, in the case of a first conviction to a fine not exceeding one pound, in the case of a second conviction, whether in respect of the same or of another child, to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and in the case of a third or subsequent conviction, whether in respect of the same or of another child, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(2) If the court before which a prosecution is brought for any such offence as aforesaid is satisfied that the child has failed to attend regularly at school, then, whether or not the parent is convicted, the court may direct that the child be brought before a juvenile court by the education authority of the area in which the child resides, and the court shall so direct if the education authority so request. The juvenile court may, if it is satisfied that it is necessary to do so for the purpose of securing the regular attendance of the child at school, make any order which a juvenile court has power to make under section sixty-six of the Children 1 Edw. 8. & and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, in the case of children 1 Geo. 6. c. 37 and young persons in need of care or protection who are brought before that court under that section.

Part II. —coni.

*945-

Education (Scotland) Act, 1945. Ch. 37. 459

(3) Proceedings under this section may be taken at the instance Part II. either of the public prosecutor of the court of summary jurisdiction —corn. in which the proceedings are to be taken or of another person authorised by the education authority to institute proceedings

on their behalf.

(4) For the purposes of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, any child with respect to whom a direction has been given under this section that he be brought before a juvenile court shall be deemed to be a child about to be brought, or brought, before such a court under section sixty-six of that Act, and any order made by a juvenile court under this section shall be deemed to be an order made under that section, and all the provisions of that Act-shall have effect accordingly, but subject to the modification that in relation to any such child subsection (1) of section seventy-one of the said Act shall have effect as if the words " A constable, or " were omitted therefrom.

Attendance at Junior Colleges.

29.—(1) It shall be the duty of every education authority Attendance to serve on every young person residing in their area who is not at junior exempt from compulsory further education a notice (hereinafter col^g8-referred to as an " attendance notice ") directing him to attend a junior college named in the notice, and it shall be the duty of every young person upon whom such a notice is served to attend at the junior college in accordance with the requirements specified in the notice. The authority shall serve a copy of the notice and of any amendment thereof upon the parent of the young person.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, the requirements specified in an attendance notice shall be such as to secure the attendance at a junior college of the person upon whom the notice is served—

(a) for one whole day, or two half-days, in each of forty-four weeks in every year while he remains a young person; or

(b) for one continuous period of eight weeks, or for two

continuous periods of four weeks each in every such year, if the authority are satisfied that continuous attendance would be more suitable for the said person;

and in this section the expression " year " means, in relation to any young person, in the case of the first year, the period of twelve months beginning with the first day on which he is required by an attendance notice served on him to attend a junior college, and in the case of every subsequent year the period of twelve months beginning immediately after the expiration of the last preceding year:

Provided that in respect of the year in which the young person attains the age of eighteen the requirements specified in the notice

460

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part II. shall be reduced to such extent as the education authority think —cont. expedient for securing that the attendances required of him until he attains that age shall be as nearly as may be proportionate to those which would have been required of him during a full period of twelve months:

Provided also that the Secretary of State may from time to time require an education authority to fix for their area two or more dates for terminating attendance at junior colleges. The education authority shall intimate to the Secretary of State the dates which they propose to fix, and the Secretary of State may approve the said dates or may, after consultation with the authority and with such other persons as he thinks fit, require the authority to fix other dates. The authority shall fix dates in accordance with the approval or requirement of the Secretary of State, and thereupon a young person resident in the area shall for the purpose of attendance at a junior college be deemed to attain the age of eighteen on the fixed date next following the day when he actually attains that age.

(3) If by reason of the nature of the employment of any young person or of other circumstances affecting him the education authority are satisfied that attendance in accordance with the provisions of the last foregoing subsection would not be suitable in his case, an attendance notice may, with the consent of the young person, require his attendance in accordance with such other arrangements as may be specified in the notice, so, however, that the requirements specified in the notice in accordance with such arrangements as aforesaid shall be such as to secure the attendance of the young person for periods amounting in the aggregate to three hundred and thirty hours in each year, or, in the case of the year in which he attains the age of eighteen, to the proportionately reduced number of hours.

(4) Except where continuous attendance at a junior college involves residence at the college or at a hostel, no attendance notice shall require a young person to attend a junior college on a Sunday or during any holiday or half-holiday to which by any enactment regulating his employment or by agreement he is entitled, or, so far as practicable, during any holiday or half-holiday which is allowed in accordance with any custom of his employment, or between the hours of six in the evening and half past eight in the morning:

Provided that the Secretary of State may, on the application of an education authority, direct that in relation to young persons in their area or in any part thereof employed at night or otherwise employed at abnormal times this subsection shall have. effect as if for the reference to the hours of six in the evening and half past eight in the morning there were substituted a reference to such other times as may be specified in the direction.

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

461

Ch. 37.

(5) The place, day's, times and periods of attendance required Part II. of a young person and the period for which the notice is to be in —com. force shall be specified in any attendance notice served on him;

and the requirements of any such notice may be amended as occasion may require either by the authority by whom it was served or by any other education authority in whose area he may for the time being reside, so, however, that the provisions of every such notice shall be such as to secure that the requirements imposed on the young person during each year while he remains a young person shall comply with the provisions of the last three foregoing subsections.

(6) In determining what requirements shall be imposed upon a young person by an attendance notice or by any amendments to such a notice the education authority shall have regard, so far as practicable, to any preference which he and, in the case of a young person under the age of sixteen years, his parent may express, to the circumstances of his employment or prospective employment, and to any representations that may be made to the authority by his employer or any person proposing to employ him.

(7) If a pupil satisfies the education authority that any religious observance or any part of the instruction at a junior college which the pupil is required to attend is contrary to his religious belief or likely to give offence to his religious feelings, the education authority shall permit the pupil to withdraw from such observance or instruction and shall, so far as practicable, arrange for him to be suitably occupied while such observance or instruction is in progress.

(8) The following persons shall be exempt from compulsory attendance at a junior college, that is to say—

(a) any person who is in full-time attendance at any school

or other educational establishment (not being a junior college) approved by the Secretary of State for the purpose;

(b) any person who is shown to the satisfaction of the education

authority to be receiving suitable and efficient instruction in some other manner either full-time or for such times as in the opinion of the authority are equivalent to not less than three hundred and thirty hours instruction in a period of twelve months;

(c) any person who having been exempt under either of the

last two foregoing paragraphs did not cease to be so exempt until after he had attained the age of seventeen years and eight months;

(d) any person who is undergoing a course of training approved by the Secretary of State for the mercantile marine or the sea fishing industry or who, having satisfactorily completed sudi a course, is engaged in the mercantile marine or in the sea fishing industry;

462

Part II. —cont.

Provisions for securing attendance at junior colleges.

Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(e) any person to whom, by reason of section eighty-one or section eighty-two of this Act, the duties of education authorities do not relate;

(/) any person who attained the age of fifteen years before the date when the scheme for the provision of junior colleges came into force.

If any person is aggrieved by a decision of an education authority given under paragraph (6) of this subsection, he may refer the question to the Secretary of State, who shall give such direction thereon as he thinks fit.

(9) If any young person upon whom an attendance notice has been served fails to comply with any requirement of the notice, he shall be guilty of an offence against this section unless he proves either—

(a) that he was exempt from compulsory attendance for

further education; or

(b) that he was prevented from complying with the require-

ment by reason of sickness or any other unavoidable cause,

or unless the court is satisfied that there was some other reasonable cause for such failure.

30.—(1) For the purpose of facilitating the execution by education authorities of their functions under the last foregoing section, the following provisions shall have effect, that is to say—

(a) every young person who is not exempt from compulsory

attendance at a junior college shall at all times keep the education authority concerned informed of his proper address;

(b) every person whose employment such a young person

as aforesaid enters shall, not later than four days thereafter, if the young person has not then left his employment, notify the education authority concerned that the young person has entered his employment;

(c) where a young person whose entry into employment has

been notified in pursuance of the last foregoing paragraph leaves that employment, the employer shall within four days thereafter notify the education authority concerned that the young person has ceased to be employed by him:

(d) where such a young person as aforesaid enters the . employment of an employer by whom he had previously been employed, the employer shall immediately notify such entry to the education authority concerned unless the previous entry was so notified in pursuance of paragraph (6) of this subsection;

I945*

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

463

(e) every person by whom such a young person as aforesaid Part II. is employed shall notify the education authority con- —cont. cemed of any change of his address, and, if known to him, of any change of the young person’s address.

In this subsection the expression " the education authority concerned" means the education authority in whose area the young person resides.

(2) Any person who fails to comply with any requirement imposed on him by the last foregoing subsection shall be guilty of an offence against this section.

(3) The education authority by whom an attendance notice is served upon any young person shall serve a copy thereof upon any person who notifies the authority that the young person is employed by him.

(4) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as to the form of attendance notices, as to consultation and the exchange of information between education authorities, as to the issue of certificates of exemption in respect of young persons who are exempt from compulsory attendance at a junior college, and generally for the purpose of facilitating the administration by education authorities of the provisions of this Act as to attendance at junior colleges.

(5) The Secretary of State and the Minister of Labour shall give directions to education authorities and to local offices of the Ministry of Labour respectively for ensuring due consultation and ' exchange of information between such authorities and offices.

31.—(1) Any person guilty of an offence against either of the Enforcement last two foregoing sections shall be liable on conviction by a court of attendance of summary jurisdiction in the case of a first offence against that at junior section to a fine not exceeding one pound, in the case of a second colle8es* offence against that section to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and in the case of a third or subsequent offence against that section to a fine not exceeding ten pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(2) If, in furnishing any information for the purposes of either of the last two foregoing sections, any person makes any statement which he knows to be false in any material particular, or recklessly makes any statement which is false in any material particular, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(3) If the parent of a young person or any person by whom a young person is employed or the servant or agent of any such person has connived at any offence committed by the young person against either of the last two foregoing sections, the person

464

I

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

* 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Ch. 37.

Part II. who has connived at the offence shall, whether or not any person —conL is proceeded against or convicted in respect of the offence

connived at, be guilty of the like offence and punishable accordingly.

Provision to enable Pupils to take advantage of Educational

Facilities.

Power of education authorities to enable persons to take advantage of educational facilities.

32.—(1) For the purpose of enabling persons resident in their area to take advantage, without financial hardship to themselves or their parents, of any educational facilities available to them, an education authority shall have power—

(a) to defray such expenses of pupils attending any school as may be expedient to enable them to take full part in the activities of the school; and

(b) to pay the whole or any part of the fees payable in respect of pupils attending schools at which fees are payable; and

(c) to grant scholarships, bursaries and other allowances to persons over school age.

(2) The powers conferred by the last foregoing subsection shall be exercised in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State.

(3) The said regulations may include a provision requiring the education authority to leave out of account, in assessing the needs of the applicants, the whole or such part of any scholarship, bursary, prize or other award won in open competition as may be prescribed and any award made by the Carnegie Trustees for the Universities of Scotland. The expression "open competition" means a competition with regard to which the education authority are satisfied that there are no restrictions upon entry which unduly limit the field from which candidates may be drawn.

Education of pupils in exceptional circumstances.

33.—(1) Where in the opinion of an education authority—

(a) any pupil resident in their area is, owing to the remoteness of his home or the conditions under which he is living or other exceptional circumstances, unable to receive the full benefit of primary or secondary education unless special arrangements are made for him, or

(b) primary or secondary education suitable to the age,

ability and aptitude of any pupil can best be provided for him at any particular school, or

(c) compulsory further education should in the case of any

pupil be provided by requiring his continuous attendance at a junior college under section twenty-nine of this Act,

the authority shall, after consultation with the parent and, in any case falling under paragraph (c) of this subsection, with the

1945- Education (Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

pupil, make such arrangements of either a temporary or a permanent character as they think best suited to the purpose of enabling that pupil to attend an appropriate school or college.

(2) The arrangements made under the last foregoing subsection may include—

(a) the provision of travelling facilities or the payment of travelling expenses under section thirty-four of this Act; or

(b) the accommodation of the pupil at a boarding school, or at

a junior college where boarding is provided, or in a hostel, home or other institution; or

(c) other provision of board and lodging, provided that the

education authority shall, so far as practicable, give effect to the wishes of the parent with respect to the religious denomination of the person with whom the pupil will reside; or

(d) provision for the travelling, board and lodging of teachers.

34. An education authority shall make such arrangements Provision of

as they consider necessary or as the Secretary of State may transport and direct— other

facilities.

(a) for the conveyance of pupils without charge for the whole or part of the journey between their homes and the schools or other educational establishments which they are attending;

(b) for making bicycles or other suitable means of transport available to the pupils attending schools or other educational establishments, or to their parents for the use of the pupils, upon such terms and conditions as may be arranged, or for paying a money allowance in lieu thereof;

(c) for paying the reasonable travelling expenses of pupils attending schools and other educational establishments for whom no provision is made under the foregoing paragraphs.

35. Where an education authority have provided a pupil Recovery of with board and lodging, whether at a school, junior college cost of board or hostel or elsewhere, the authority shall require the parentand kxlgmg. to pay to them in respect thereof such sums if any not exceeding

the cost of such board and lodging as in the opinion of the authority he is able without financial hardship to pay :

Provided that—

(a) where the board and lodging provided for any pupil were so provided under arrangements made by the authority for any of the reasons specified in subsection (1) of section thirty-three of this Act, no sum shall be recoverable in respect thereof under this section; and

2 G

465

Part II. —cent.

466

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part II.

—cont.

Provision of milk and meals at schools and other educational

establishments under the management of education authorities.

Provision of ancillary services for pupils not in attendance at public schools.

(b) where the board and lodging have been so provided for a young person in voluntary attendance at a junior college or, under section nine of this Act, at another educational establishment, the authority, if satisfied that he is in a financial position to pay the whole or any part of a sum recoverable from his parent under this section, may recover that sum or that part thereof from the young person instead of from the parent.

Provision of Milk, Meeds, etc.

36. —(1) It shall be the duty of an education authority to provide milk and a midday mead, and it shall be lawful for them to provide other meals and refreshments, for pupils in attendance at public schools and junior colleges under their management on days when the schools meet or when the pupils are required by attendance notices to be present at a junior college, as the case may be, and they may make similar provision for the said pupils on other days, for children who have attained the age of five pending their admission to school, and for pupils in attendance at other educational establishments under their management.

(2) Where in the opinion of an education authority any pupil attending a public school in their area would otherwise be unable to take full advantage of the education provided, they shall make such arrangements for such period as they deem necessary for the provision to the pupil of milk and mid-day meals on days when the school does not meet.

(3) The Secretary of State may make regulations as to the manner in which and the persons by whom the expense of providing such milk, meals and other refreshment is to be defrayed, as to the facilities to be afforded (including any buildings or other equipment to be provided) and as to such other consequential matters as he considers expedient.

(4) For the purposes of this section, a pupil for whom an education authority have made special arrangements under section eight of this Act may, at the discretion of the education authority, be deemed to be in attendance at a public school under their management.

37. An education authority may, with the consent of the managers of any school in their area which is not a public school, and upon such financial and other terms, if any, as may be determined by agreement between the authority and the managers, make arrangements for securing—

(a) the provision of milk, meals and other refreshment for

pupils in attendance at the school; and

(b) the provision, for any pupil in attendance at the school

who is unable by reason of the inadequacy or unsuitability of his clothing to take full advantage of the

1945* Education (Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

education (including physical exercise) provided by the school, of such clothing as is necessary for the purpose of ensuring that he is sufficiently and suitably clad while he remains a pupil at the school:

Provided that any arrangements made under this section shall be such as to secure, so far as is practicable, that the expense incurred by the authority in connection with the provision of any service or article shall not exceed the expense which would have been incurred by them if the pupils had been pupils at a public school.

Medical Inspection, Supervision and Treatment.

38.—(1) It shall be the duty of an education authority to provide for the medical inspection, at appropriate intervals, and for the medical supervision of all pupils in attendance at any school or junior college under their management and of all young persons in attendance at any other educational establishment under their management, and an education authority shall have power to provide for such inspection and supervision of other pupils in attendance at any educational establishment under their management who desire such inspection and supervision.

(2) For the purpose of securing the proper medical inspection of the pupils for whom it is their duty to provide such inspection, an education authority may require the parent of any pupil in attendance at any such school to submit the pupil for medical inspection in accordance with arrangements made by the authority, and may require any young person in attendance at such junior college or other educational establishment to submit himself to such medical inspection; and any person who fails without reasonable excuse to comply with any such requirement shall be liable on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3) It shall be the duty of an education authority to make such arrangements for securing the provision of free medical treatment for pupils in attendance at any such school and for young persons in attendance at any such junior college or other educational establishment as are necessary for securing that comprehensive facilities for free medical treatment are available to them either under this Act or otherwise, and an education authority shall have power to make such arrangements as aforesaid with respect to other pupils in attendance at any educational establishment under their management who desire such treatment.

(4) It shall be the duty of an education authority to make arrangements for encouraging and assisting pupils to take advantage of such facilities as aforesaid :

Provided that if the parent of any child or young person gives to the authority notice that he objects to the child or young person'

2 G 2

467

Part II.

—cont.

Medical inspection and treatment

of pupils.

468

Part II.

—cont.

Power to ensure cleanli ness.

Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6*

Act, 1945.

availing himself of any medical treatment provided under this section, the child or young person shall not be encouraged or assisted so to do.

(5) Where under powers conferred by section eight of this Act an education authority make special arrangements for any child or young person to receive primary or secondary education elsewhere than at school, the authority may provide for the medical inspection, supervision and treatment of that pupil as if he were in attendance at a school under their management.

(6) An education authority may, with the consent of the managers of any school or other educational establishment in their area which is not under their management, and upon such terms, if any, as may be determined by agreement between the authority and the managers, make arrangements for securing the medical inspection and supervision of, and the provision of medical treatment for, pupils in attendance at the school or educational establishment:

Provided that the arrangements shall be such as to secure, so far as is practicable, that the expense incurred by the authority in connection with such inspection, supervision and treatment shall npt exceed the expense which would have been incurred by them if the pupil had been a pupil at a school or educational establishment under their management.

39.—(1) An education authority may, by directions in writing issued with respect to all schools, junior colleges and other educational establishments under their management or with respect to any of such schools, colleges or establishments named in the directions, authorise a medical officer of the authority to cause examinations to be made of the bodies and clothing of all or any of the pupils in attendance at such schools and young persons in attendance at such colleges or establishments whenever in his opinion such examinations are necessary in the interests of cleanliness.

(2) Any such examination as aforesaid shall be made by the said medical officer or by a person authorised in writing by him to make such examinations (in this section referred to as an " authorised person "), and, if the body or clothing of any pupil or young person is found upon such an examination to be infested with vermin or in a foul condition, the medical officer, the authorised person or any officer of the authority on their behalf mayjserve upon the parent of such pupil or upon the young person a notice requiring the parent to cause the body and clothing of the pupil to be cleansed or the young person to cause himself and his clothing to be cleansed as the case may be.

1945. Education (Scotland) Act, 1945. Ch. 37. 469

(3) A notice served under the last foregoing subsection shall inform the person upon whom it is served that, unless within the period limited by the notice, not being more than twenty-four hours after the service thereof, the body and clothing of the pupil or young person to whom the notice relates are cleansed to the satisfaction of the medical officer or an authorised person as may be specified in the notice, the cleansing thereof will be carried out under arrangements made by the education authority; and if at the expiration of that period the medical officer or an authorised person is not satisfied that the body and clothing of the pupil or young person have been properly cleansed, the medical officer or an authorised person may issue an order directing that the body and clothing of the pupil or young person be cleansed under such arrangements. The order shall be sufficient to authorise any officer of the authority to cause the body and clothing of the pupil or young person named in the order to be cleansed in accordance with such arrangements, and for that purpose to convey him to the premises where the cleansing is to be carried out and to detain him there until such time as the cleansing has been completed.

(4) It shall be the duty of the education authority to make arrangements for securing that any cleansing under this section, whether at the request of a parent or young person or in pursuance of an order issued under this section, may be carried out in suitable premises by suitable persons and with suitable appliances.

(5) If after the cleansing of the body or clothing of any pupil or young person has been carried out under this section his body or clothing is again found to be infested with vermin or in a foul condition at any time while he is in attendance at such school, junior college or other educational establishment, and it is proved that the condition of his body or clothing is due to neglect on the part of his parent, or, in the case of a young person in attendance at a junior college or other educational establishment, to his own neglect, the parent or the young person, as the case may be, shall be liable on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction in the case of a first conviction to a fine not exceeding one pound, in the case of a second conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and in the case of a third or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds or to a term of imprisonment not exceeding one month or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(6) Where a medical officer or authorised person has reason to believe that the body or clothing of any pupil or young person in attendance at such school, junior college or other educational establishment is infested with vermin or in a foul condition, but action for the examination or cleansing thereof cannot

Part II.

—cont.

470

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part II. immediately be taken, he may, if he considers it necessary so to

—cont. do in the interests either of the pupil or young person or of other

children or young persons in attendance at the school, college or other educational establishment, direct that the pupil or young person be excluded from the school, college or other educational establishment until such action has been taken; and such a direction shall be a defence to any proceedings under this Act in respect of the failure of the pupil or young person to attend school or to comply with the requirements of an attendance notice, as the case may be, on any day on which he is excluded in pursuance of the direction, unless it is proved that the issue of the direction was necessitated by the wilful default of the parent or of the young person.

(7) No female shall be examined or cleansed under the powers conferred by this section except by a duly qualified medical practitioner or by a woman authorised for that purpose by a medical officer of an education authority.

Handicapped Children.

Duty of education authorities to ascertain what children are suffering from

disability.

40.—(1) It shall be the duty of an education authority to ascertain what children in their area who have attained the age of five years—

(a) require special educational treatment; or

(b) are suffering from a disability of mind of such a nature or

to such an extent as to make them incapable of receiving education at school, or as to make it inexpedient that they should be educated in association with other children either in their own interests or in those of the other children.

(2) If for the purpose of their duty under the last foregoing subsection an authority consider it necessary that a child should be medically examined, they shall by notice in writing served upon the parent of the child require him to submit the child for medical examination by a medical officer of the authority in order to obtain advice as to whether the child is suffering from any disability of mind or body and as to the nature and extent of any such disability; and if a parent upon whom such a notice is served fails without reasonable excuse to comply with the requirements thereof he shall be liable on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3) Before any child is so medically examined as aforesaid, the authority shall cause notice to be given to the parent of the time and place at which the examination will be held, and the parent shall be entitled to be present at the examination if he so desires.

1945* Education (Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

(4) If the parent of any child who has attained the age of two years requests the education authority for 'the area to cause the child to be so medically examined as aforesaid, the authority shall comply with the request unless in their opinion the request is unreasonable.

(5) It shall be the duty of an education authority to disseminate in their area information as to the educational importance to any child suffering from disability of mind or body of the early ascertainment of his disability, and of the opportunity for medical examination available under this section.

41.—(1) The education authority shall consider the advice Children given with respect to any child in consequence of the medical requiring examination under the last foregoing section and any reports or special. information which they are able to obtain from teachers or other treatment, persons with respect to the ability and aptitude of the child, and if the authority decide that the child requires special educational treatment, they shall give to the parent notice of their decision and shall ensure that any education provided for the child is by means of special educational treatment.

(2) The advice given with respect to any child in consequence of any such medical examination as aforesaid shall be communicated to the parent of the child, and the medical practitioner by whom the examination was made shall, if required by the parent or by the authority so to do, issue to the parent and to the authority a certificate in the prescribed form showing whether the child is suffering from any such disability as aforesaid and, if so, the nature and extent thereof, and any parent who is aggrieved by the terms of the certificate may refer the case to the Secretary of State:

Provided that an education authority shall not require the issue of such a certificate in respect of any child unless the certificate is, in their opinion, necessary for the purpose of securing that the child shall receive special educational treatment.

(3) Any certificate issued under the last foregoing subsection may be withdrawn by the Secretary of State or by a medical officer of the education authority, and upon the withdrawal of such a certificate the decision of the education authority under subsection (1) of this section in regard to the child with respect to whom the certificate was issued shall be deemed to have been rescinded, and the education authority shall cease to provide special educational treatment for the child and shall notify the parent accordingly.

(4) Where an education authority have decided under subsection

(1) of this section that a child requires special educational treatment, and where such treatment is being provided for that child in a special school, by or with the approval of the authority, the child shall not while of school age be withdrawn from that school

47i

Part II.

—cont.

472

Part II.

—cont.

Duty of education authorities to report to local authorities under 3*4 Geo. 5. c. 38 it certain cases.

Ch. 37. Education (,8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

without the consent of the authority, provided always that if the parent of any child is aggrieved by the failure of the authority to reach a decision upon his application for their consent to such withdrawal within one month after the date of his application or by the refusal of the authority to comply with such application, he may within fourteen days after the expiry of the said period of one month or after such refusal, as the case may be, appeal to the sheriff, who shall give such direction as he thinks fit.

42.—(1) If, after considering, in accordance with the provisions of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, advice, reports and information with respect to any child who has attained the age of five years, the authority decide that the child is suffering from a disability of mind of such a nature or to such an extent as to make him incapable of receiving education or training in a special school or as to make it inexpedient that he should be educated or trained in association with other children, it shall be the duty of the authority to issue to the local authority for the purposes of the Mental Deficiency Acts and to the General Board of Control for Scotland a report that the child has been found incapable of receiving education or training in a special school:

Provided that before issuing such a report with respect to any child the education authority shall give to the parent of the child not less than fourteen days' notice in writing of their intention to do so, and if within that period the parent refers to the Secretary of State the question whether such a report should be issued, the report shall not be issued except by direction of the Secretary of State.

(2) If an education authority are of opinion that any child in attendance at a school in their area, or under their management, or at a special school is suffering from a disability of mind of such a nature or to such an extent that he may require to be dealt with under the Mental Deficiency Acts after leaving school, the authority shall, not earlier than the beginning of such period before the child ceases to be of school age as may be prescribed, issue to the local authority for the purposes of the Mental Deficiency Acts, to the General Board of Control for Scotland and to the parent of the child a report that by reason of a disability of mind the child may require to be dealt with under the Mental Deficiency Acts after leaving school.

(3) Any report issued under this section to a local authority for the purposes of the Mental Deficiency Acts shall be accompanied by such records and other information relating to the child as may be prescribed; and upon receiving such a report it shall be the duty of that authority to consider whether the person in respect of whom the report was issued ought to be dealt with under these Acts.

*945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

473

Restriction of Employme.Part II.

43.—(1) If it appears to an education authority that the employment of a child on the roll of a school in their area is education or is likely to be prejudicial to his health or otherwise to render authorities to him unfit to obtain the full benefit of the education provided prohibit or for him, the authority shall serve upon the parent and upon any r^tnc^ntnjjf person who is employing him for the time being a notice pro- ctoidlren! ° hibitfng the employment of the child in any employment or imposing such restrictions upon the employment of the child as appear to them to be expedient in the interests of the child :

Provided that if the parent or the employer feels aggrieved by the prohibition or restriction, he may appeal to the Secretary of State, who shall have power to confirm, vary or annul the notice as he thinks fit.

(2) An education authority may, by notice in writing served upon the parent or employer of any child on the roll of a school in their area, require the parent or employer to provide the authority, within such period as may be specified in the notice, with such information as appears to the authority to be necessary for the purpose of enabling them to ascertain whether the child is being employed in such a manner as to be or to be likely to be prejudicial to his health or to render him unfit to obtain the full benefit of the education provided for him.

(3) Any person who knowingly employs a child in contravention of any prohibition or restriction imposed under subsection (1) of this section, or who fails to comply with the requirements of a notice served under subsection (2) of this section, shall be guilty of an offence against this section, and liable on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, or, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, not exceeding twenty pounds.

(4) Subsections (1) and (3) of section thirty-six of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, (which relate to powers of entry for the enforcement of the provisions of Part III of that Act with respect to the employment of children), shall apply with respect to the provisions of any notice served under this section as they apply with respect to the provisions of the said Part III.

Part III.

Administration and Staffing.

Business Arrangements of Education Authorities.

44.—(1) Subsection (10) of section fourteen of the Act of 1929 Amendment of (which relates to the revocation and variation of schemes) shall kj regaining cease to apply to a scheme for the constitution of the education under

committee or for the administration of the functions of a council qCOi 5 c 25.

474

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 JSc 9 Geo. 6.

Part III.

—cont.

relating to education, and the following subsections shall be added at the end of the said section :—

" (12) A council being an education authority may, at any time, and shall if so required by the Secretary of State, prepare and submit for his approval under subsection (8) of this section a revised scheme for the constitution of the education committee or for the administration of the functions of the council relating to education. Notwithstanding anything in any scheme approved under the said subsection (8) the preparation under this subsection of the first revised scheme for the constitution of the education committee and of the first revised scheme for the administration of the functions of the council relating to education shall stand referred to the education committee.

(13) If a council when required by the Secretary of State under the last foregoing subsection to submit for his approval—

(a) a revised scheme for the constitution of the education committee fail to comply with such requirement within two months after the date thereof, or

(b) a revised scheme for the administration of the functions of the Council relating to education fail to comply with such requirement within three months after the date thereof,

the Secretary of State may himself make a revised schemev but before making such scheme he shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the education area a notice stating his intention to make such scheme, and that a copy of a draft of the scheme is open to inspection at a specified place and that representations thereon may be made to him within fourteen days after the publication of the notice, and shall consider any representations which may be submitted to him within that period, and any scheme so made shall have effect as if it were a scheme submitted by that council and approved by the Secretary of State.

(14) In the last two foregoing subsections any reference to a revised scheme includes a reference to a modification of an existing scheme."

(2) Paragraph (a) and the first sentence of paragraph (c) of subsection (3) and subsection (6) of section twelve of the Act of 1929, (which relate to reference and delegation to committees), shall cease to apply to the education committee and the following

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

475

paragraphs shall be inserted after paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of the said section :—

" (aa) Notwithstanding anything in any local Act, every scheme for the administration of the functions of a council relating to education shall, save as hereinafter provided, provide for the delegation to the education committee of all the functions of the council relating to education.

(ab) The following functions shall be excluded from the delegation to the education committee:—

(i) the raising of money by rate or loan;

(ii) the approval with or without adjustment of the estimates (including supplementary estimates) of capital and revenue expenditure and the authorisation of the expenditure included therein;

(iii) the power to incur expenditure on behalf of the council other than expenditure previously authorised in accordance with the estimates approved by the council or otherwise or expenditure necessarily incurred in circumstances of urgency.

(ac) The following functions may be excluded from the delegation to the education committee :—

(i) the acquisition and disposal of land, provided always that, except in cases of urgency, before acquiring land for, or disposing of land held for, an educational purpose, the council shall give the education committee an opportunity of considering the matter and shall receive and consider a report from the committee as to the suitability of the land for the purpose for which it is proposed to acquire it or as to whether the land is no longer required or likely to be required for an educational purpose, as the case may be;

(ii) the appointment, dismissal, remuneration and conditions of service (other than functions) of the director of education and of any deputy or assistant director of education, provided that the council shall have regard to any recommendations made by the education committee with regard to such matters;

(iii) the remuneration and the conditions of service of staff other than teachers, provided that the council shall have regard to any recommendations made by the education committee with regard thereto;

(iv) the school medical service, provided that any arrangements made for the administration of the said service shall be such as to ensure close co-operation between the education committee and the teachers

Part III.

—cont.

476

Part III. —coni.

Admission of Press to meetings of education committees.

Minutes of education committee meetings.

Education

Estimates.

Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

and other officers responsible to that committee on the one hand, and any committee charged with the responsibility for the said service and the officers responsible to that committee, on the other;

(v) any function with regard to which the council satisfy the Secretary of State that, having regard to other functions of the council, it is expedient that that function should not be so delegated: provided that in such a case, and without prejudice to the reference or delegation of the said function to any other committee, the scheme shall provide that the said function shall stand referred to the education committee, and the council or any other committee to whom the function may have been delegated shall not, unless in their opinion the matter is urgent, be entitled to exercise the said function until they have received and considered the report of the education committee thereon.

45. —(1) Representatives of the Press shall be admitted to any meeting of an education committee at which any matter is to be dealt with, a decision on which does not require to be submitted for the approval of the education authority:

Provided that it shall be competent to an education committee to exclude the representatives of the Press temporarily from any such meeting as often as may be desirable when in the opinion of a majority of the members of the committee present at the meeting, expressed by resolution, in view of the special nature of the business being, or about to be, dealt with, such exclusion is advisable in the public interest.

(2) In this section " representatives of the Press" means duly accredited representatives of newspapers and duly accredited representatives of news agencies which systematically carry on the business of selling and supplying reports and information to newspapers.

46. The minutes of proceedings of the education committee of an education authority shall be open to the inspection of any local government elector for the area at all reasonable hours on payment of a fee not exceeding one shilling, and any such local government elector may make a copy thereof or an extract therefrom.

47. The estimates (including supplementary estimates) of capital and revenue expenditure relating to education shall be in the prescribed form, and approval by the education authority of those estimates and authorisation of the expenditure included therein shall be sufficient authority to incur, on purposes falling within the description of any head in the prescribed form, expenditure not exceeding in amount the total under that head

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

477

in the estimates so approved. Savings under one head may Part III. not be used to defray expenditure under another head without —corn. the consent of the education authority.

Director of Education.

48. —(1) The education authority shall employ a director of Appointment education, who shall be the chief education officer of the authority, of director of and, on a vacancy occurring in the office, shall appoint a suitable education, person to fill the vacancy. The director of education shall not,

except with the approval of the Secretary of State, hold any other office or appointment under the education authority whether in its capacity as such authority or in its capacity as a county or town council.

(2) The director of education shall hold office during the pleasure of the education authority, so however that he shall not be removed from office except by a resolution of the authority passed by not less than two-thirds of the members present at a meeting of the authority of which written notice stating that the removal from office of the director of education is to be considered shall have been given to each member of the authority and to the director at least three weeks before the meeting.

(3) Every scheme for the administration of the functions of a council relating to education shall set forth the powers to be exercised and the duties to be performed by the director of education.

Teachers.

49. —(1) The Secretary of State may by regulations constitute, Training of alter the constitution of, incorporate and dissolve committees or teachers and other bodies for the training of teachers for service in schools and ^t^tes of other educational establishments, and may prescribe the duties ~ ency* to be performed by the said committees or other bodies, including

the courses of training to be provided, may confer upon them such powers as may seem appropriate and may make such consequential provisions as may appear to him to be expedient.

(2) The Secretary of State may award certificates of competency to teach, and he may by regulations prescribe the forms of the said certificates, the conditions of award and the conditions under which they may be withdrawn, whether temporarily or permanently.

(3) Regulations made under this section may empower the said committees or other bodies to provide courses of training for teachers, leaders, wardens and other persons for the purposes of section three of this Act and for other purposes of a similar nature and enable the Secretary of State to issue documents recognising persons who have satisfactorily completed such courses, and persons who have otherwise qualified themselves for recognition, as persons competent to fulfil the duties of teachers, leaders or wardens under the said section.

478

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part III.

—cord.

Salaries of teachers.

Married

women

teachers.

(4) The National Committee, the Provincial Committees and the Committees of Management shall be deemed to be committees constituted under subsection (1) of this section.

50. —(1) Section fifty-five of the Act of 1872 in so far as it relates to the salaries and emoluments of teachers and paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section six of the Act of 1918 shall cease to have effect, and it shall be the duty of every education authority to pay to the teachers appointed by them salaries in accordance with such scales as may from time to time be prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State :

Provided always that—

(i) it shall not be lawful for an education authority to pay

additional remuneration to any teacher in respect of services already remunerated in accordance with the prescribed scale; and

(ii) it shall be lawful for an education authority to pay such

salary as they think fit to any teacher to whose salary no prescribed scale is for the time being applicable; and

(iii) the regulations first made under this section in respect of any category of teacher may require that salaries in accordance with the scales therein prescribed shall be payable with effect from such date not earlier than the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, as may be prescribed.

(2) Before making regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall intimate his intention to make such regulations to any council or other body which include among their objects the making of recommendations with regard to the salaries of teachers, being a council or other body constituted with his approval by agreement between the education authorities and the teachers employed by them, or, failing such agreement, by him, and he shall have regard to any recommendations made by the said council or other body.

51. No woman shall be disqualified for employment as a teacher in any school, junior college or other educational establishment under the management of an education authority or be dismissed from such employment by reason only of marriage.

Amendment of the Teachers Superannuation Scheme.

Amendment of superannuation scheme.

52. The articles set forth in the First Schedule to this Act shall be incorporated at the appropriate places in the Teachers Superannuation Scheme, and any provision of that scheme which is inconsistent with any of those articles is hereby repealed. The said articles shall be deemed to have been included in the

scheme by an amending scheme approved by Order in Council under section eight of the Act of 1919, and may be amended by a subsequent scheme approved by Order in Council under the said Act. As soon after the appointed day as may be, the scheme

*945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

479

shall be reprinted with the said articles included therein and Part III suitably numbered. —coni.

Inspection of Schools and Educational .

53. —(i; It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to cause Inspection oi inspection to be made of every educational establishment being a educational school or junior college at such intervals as appear to him to be esta^ish" appropriate, and to cause a special inspection of any such school or men junior college to be made whenever he considers such an inspection to be desirable, and he may from time to time cause inspection to be made of any other educational establishment,

and such inspections shall be made by His Majesty's Inspectors or other persons appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

(2) It shall be no part of the duty of a person authorised under this section to make an inspection of any educational establishment to inquire into instruction in religious subjects given therein or to examine any pupil in religious knowledge or in any religious subject or book.

(3) If any person obstructs any person authorised to make an inspection in pursuance of this section in the execution of his duty, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(4) Any provision in a scheme under the Educational 45 & 46 Vict. Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882,or the Educational Endowments c- 59* (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1935, regarding the inspection of any educational establishment or the cost of such inspection shall

cease to have effect.

54. Where the managers of a school other than a public school Inspection apply to the Secretary of State for an inspection of the school of schools on with a view to ascertaining its general efficiency or the efficiency recluest of of the instruction in any specified subject, and undertake to pay manager8‘ towards the expenses of such inspection such sum as the Secretary

of State may fix, it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State to cause the school to be inspected either by one or more of His Majesty’s Inspectors or by such other persons as the Secretary of State may appoint for the purpose.

Supplementary Provisions as to Grants.

55. —(1) The Secretary of State may by regulations make Payment of provision that any payment which he is required or authorised grafts to be to make by or under the Education Acts shall be subject to such conditions as may be prescribed in the regulations, and that education authorities and other persons to whom such payments

have been made shall comply with such requirements as may be specified in the regulations. The said regulations may include

480

Ch. 37.

Education (

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part III.

—cont.

Provision for

certain

payments

oat of

Education

(Scotland)

Fund for

certain

purposes.

Powers of Secretary of State as to medical examination and

inspection.

codes relating to the conduct of schools, junior colleges and other educational establishments and the education to be provided therein.

(2) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the persons to whom any grant is payable under the Education Acts are, by reason of the provisions of any trust deed or other instrument, unable to fulfil any condition or comply with any requirement imposed under this section, he may, after consultation with them, by order make such modifications of the said provisions as may be necessary for the purpose of enabling the said persons to fulfil that condition or comply with that requirement; and any such trust deed or other instrument shall, during such period as may be specified in the order, have effect subject to any modifications so made.

(3) Nothing in the Education Acts shall affect any grants in aid of university education payable out of moneys provided by Parliament otherwise than in accordance with the provisions of the Education Acts.

56. Notwithstanding anything in section sixteen of the Act of 1908 or subsection (2) of section twenty-one of the Act of 1918, the Secretary of State may by regulations make provision for payment out of the Education (Scotland) Fund—

(a) for the purposes of promoting the progressive development

of education and educational establishments and of promoting educational research, of such sums as he may think necessary;

(b) for the purpose of enabling pupils over school age to take

advantage without hardship to themselves or their parents of any educational facilities available to them, of sums by way of scholarships, bursaries and other allowances;

(c) of grants in respect of any residential institution not under the management of an education authority which is shown to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State to be either—

(i) a special school attended largely by pupils whose parents or guardians are resident outside the education area in which the school is situated, or

(ii) an orphanage required for the proper education of pupils destitute of efficient guardianship.

Miscellaneous Powers of Secretary of State.

57. —(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations as to the conduct of medical examinations and medical inspections for the purposes of this Act. Such regulations may, in particular, prescribe the special qualifications or experience to be possessed by the medical practitioners by whom any class of medical

1945- Education (Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

examinations may be conducted, by the persons who may assist in the conduct of such examinations, and by the medical practitioners by or under whose directions any class of medical inspections may be conducted.

(2) Every education authority shall furnish to the Secretary of State such particulars as he may from time to time require of the arrangements made by the authority in the exercise of their functions relating to medical examination, inspection, supervision and treatment; and the Secretary of State may give to any such authority such directions as to the discharge by the authority of those functions as appear to him to be expedient.

(3) Where any question is to be decided by the Secretary of State under the Education Acts or under any rule, regulation or order made thereunder, then, if in the opinion of the Secretary of State the medical examination of any pupil would assist the determination of the question, the Secretary of State may by notice in writing served on the parent of that pupil, if the pupil is enrolled at a school, or, if that pupil is enrolled at a junior college or other educational establishment, upon him, require the parent to submit him, or require him to submit himself, as the case may be, for such examination; and if any person on whom such a notice is served fails without reasonable excuse to comply with the requirements thereof, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

58. The Secretary of State may cause a local inquiry to be held Local for the purpose of the exercise of any of his functions under the inquiries. Education Acts, and the provisions of the Second Schedule to this

Act shall have effect with regard to any such inquiry. 59 *

59. —(1) The Secretary of State may, after considering any Approval and representations made to him on the subject and the report of carrying out any local inquiry which may have been held under the last of schemes, foregoing section, approve, either as submitted or with such modifications and amendments as he thinks proper, any scheme

or revised scheme or modification of an existing scheme (in this section referred to as " the scheme ") submitted to him under the Education Acts; and thereupon it shall be the duty of the education authority to carry the scheme into effect as so approved.

(2) If an education authority inform the Secretary of State that they are aggrieved by his approval with modifications or amendments of the scheme, the Secretary of State shall cause the scheme as so approved to be laid before Parliament as soon as may be thereafter together with the report of any local inquiry which may have been held under the last foregoing section. If either House of Parliament within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which the scheme is laid before it resolves that the approval of the scheme be annulled, the scheme as so approved shall cease to have effect, but without prejudice to

2 H

481

Part III.

—cont.

482

Part III. —cont.

Powers of Secretary of State to enforce duty of authorities and other persons.

Revocation and variation of orders and directions.

Regulations to be laid before Parliament.

Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

anything previously done thereunder or to the submission and approval with or without modifications and amendments of any new scheme, revised scheme or modification of an existing scheme.

(3) In reckoning any such period of forty days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

60. If the Secretary of State is satisfied, either on complaint by any person interested or otherwise, that an education authority, the managers of a school or educational establishment, or other persons have failed to discharge any duty imposed on them by or for the purposes of the Education Acts, the Secretary of State may make an order declaring them to be in default in respect of that duty and requiring them before a date stated in the order to discharge that duty. If by the said date the education authority, managers or other persons have not discharged the duty, one or other of the following steps may be taken to secure the discharge thereof—

(a) the Secretary of State may make such arrangements as

he thinks fit for the discharge of the duty, and all expenses incurred by the Secretary of State in so doing shall be recoverable as a debt due by the authority, managers or other persons to the Secretary of State; or

(b) the Court of Session may, on the application of the Lord

Advocate, order specific performance of the duty.

Miscellaneous Administrative Provisions.

61. Any rule, regulation or order made or direction given by the Secretary of State or an education authority under the provisions of the Education Acts may be varied or revoked by a further rule, regulation or order made or direction given by the Secretary of State or that authority, as the case may be :

Provided that where the power to make or give any such rule, regulation, order, or (Erection is exercisable only upon the application or with the consent of any person, or after consultation with or intimation to any person or is otherwise subject to any conditions, no rule, regulation, order or direction made or given under such power shall be varied or revoked except upon the like application, with the like consent, after the like consultation or intimation or subject to the like conditions, as the case may be. 62 *

62. —(1) The Secretary of State shall, not less than forty days before making regulations under the Education Acts, cause a

draft of the regulations to be published and send a copy thereof to every education authority, and shall have regard to any representations made by an education authority or by any person interested before he makes the regulations. The regulations may be made in the same form as in the published draft or in an amended form:

1945- Education (, Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

Provided that where the Secretary of State certifies that on account of urgency or any special reason any regulation ought to come into immediate operation, he may make such regulation come into operation immediately as a provisional regulation, but such regulation shall continue in force only until a regulation to the same effect has been made in accordance with the foregoing provisions.

(2) All regulations made by the Secretary of State under the Education Acts shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if either House of Parliament, within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such regulations are laid before it, resolves that the regulations be annulled, the regulations shall cease to have effect, but without prejudice to anything previously done thereunder or to the making of any new regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(3) A reference in any provision of the Education (Scotland)

Acts, 1872 to 1942, to a minute by the Secretary of State shall be construed as a reference to regulations.

63. —(1) Where the age of any person is required to be ascer- certificates of tained or proved for the purposes of the Education Acts or of any birth, enactment relating to the employment of children or young persons,

the registrar of births, deaths and marriages having the custody of the register of births containing the entry relating to the birth of that person shall, upon being presented by any person with a written requisition in such form and containing such particulars as may be prescribed and upon payment of a fee of sixpence, supply that person with a copy of the entry certified under his hand.

(2) Every registrar shall, upon being requested so to do, supply free of charge a form of requisition for the purposes of this subsection. 64

64. Any notice or other document required or authorised by Notices, the Education Acts to be served on or sent to any person may be served or sent—

(a) by delivering it to him personally; or

(b) by leaving it for him at his dwelling-place or place of

business with some person resident or employed therein, or, if he has no known dwelling-place or place of business, at any other place in which he may at the time be resident, or, in the case of a master of or seaman or person employed in any ship or vessel, in the hands of a person on board thereof and connected therewith, or in the

2H2

483

Part III;

—cont.

484 Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Part III. case of a company, association, or incorporation, at

—cont' their ordinary place of business in the hands of a partner,

director, secretary or other official thereof, or in the case of a body of trustees in the hands of one of their number or of their known solicitor; or

(c) by sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to him at his dwelling-place or last known place of residence, or in the case of a company, association or incorporation at their ordinary place of business, or in the case of a body of trustees at the dwelling-place or last known place of residence of one of their number or at the office of their known solicitor.

Actuarial 65. The Secretary of State shall, as soon as may be after the

inquiry under passing of this Act and thereafter at intervals of seven years, 15 & 16 Geo. 5. cause an actuarial inquiry to be held for the purpose mentioned °* 55' in section seven of the Act of 1925 (which section relates to

actuarial inquiries with regard to the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939); and that section shall have effect, and shall be deemed always to have had effect, as if the words "and at the expiration of every subsequent period of seven years " were omitted therefrom.

Part IV.

Independent Schools.

Registration 66.—(1) The Secretary of State shall appoint one of his officers

of independent to be the Registrar of Independent Schools in Scotland (hereafter schools. fn this Part of this Act referred to as " the Registrar "), and it shall be the duty of the Registrar to keep a register of independent schools, which shall be open to public inspection at all reasonable times, and the Registrar shall register therein—

(a) the prescribed particulars relating to any independent school the proprietor of which makes application for the purpose and furnishes the information required by regulations made under this section, and

(b) every order of an Independent Schools Tribunal or of the

Secretary of State imposing or removing any disqualification under this Part of this Act:

Provided that—

(a) no independent school shall be registered if, by virtue of an order made under the provisions hereinafter contained, the proprietor is disqualified from being the proprietor of an independent school or if the school premises are disqualified from being used as a school or if the school premises are used or proposed to be used for any purpose for which they are disqualified by virtue of any such order; and

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

485

(b) the registration of any school shall be provisional only until Part IV.

the Secretary of State, after the school has been inspected on his behalf under section fifty-three of this Act, gives notice to the proprietor that the registration is final.

(2) If after the expiration of six months from the appointed day any person—

(a) conducts an independent school (whether established before or after the appointed day) which is not a registered school or a provisionally registered school, or

(b) being the propnetor of an independent school does any

act calculated to lead to the belief that the school is a registered school while it is a provisionally registered school,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(3) The Secretary of State shall make regulations—

(a) prescribing the particulars information as to which is to

be furnished to the Registrar by the proprietors of independent schools and the manner in which it shall be so furnished;

(b) requiring the notification to the Registrar of any changes

in such particulars;

(c) prescribing the circumstances in which the name of a

school may be deleted from the register if the Registrar is unable to obtain sufficient information of such changes; and

(d) dealing with such incidental matters as the Secretary of

State may deem expedient.

67.—(1) If at any time the Secretary of State is satisfied that Complaints, any registered or provisionally registered school is objectionable upon ail or any of the following grounds—

(a) that efficient and suitable instruction is not being provided

at the school, having regard to the ages and sex of the pupils attending thereat;

(b) that the school premises or any parts thereof are unsuitable

for a school;

(c) that the accommodation provided at the school premises

is inadequate or unsuitable, having regard to the number, ages and sex of the pupils attending the school;

486

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IV. (d) that the proprietor of the school or any teacher employed

cont- therein is not a proper person to be the proprietor of an

independent school or to be a teacher in any school, as the case may be,

the Secretary of State shall serve upon the proprietor of the school a notice of complaint stating the grounds of complaint together with full particulars of the matters complained of, and, except in so far as any of such matters are stated in the notice to be in the opinion of the Secretary of State irremediable, the notice shall specify the measures necessary in the opinion of the Secretary of State to remedy the matters complained of, and shall specify the time, not being less than six months after the service of the notice, within which such measures are thereby required to be taken.

(2) If it is alleged by any notice of complaint served under this section that any person employed as a teacher at the school is not a proper person to be a teacher in any school, that person shall be named in the notice and the particulars contained in the notice shall specify the grounds of the allegation, and a copy of the notice shall be served upon him at the same time as the notice is served.

(3) Every notice of complaint served under this section shall limit the time, not being less than one month after the service of the notice, within which the complaint may be referred to an Independent Schools Tribunal under the provisions hereinafter contained.

Determination 58.—(1) Any person upon whom a notice of complaint or a copy

complaints °* suc^ a not*ce *s serve(t under the last foregoing section may, p within the time limited by the notice, appeal therefrom by referring

the complaint, in such manner as may be provided by rules made under this Part of this Act, to an Independent Schools Tribunal constituted in accordance with the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2) Upon a complaint being referred to an Independent Schools Tribunal the tribunal shall, after affording to all parties concerned an opportunity of being heard, and after considering such evidence as may be tendered by them or on their behalf, have power—

(a) to order that the complaint be annulled;

(b) to order that the school in respect of which the notice of

complaint was served be struck off the register;

(c) to order that the school be so struck off unless the requirements of the notice, with such modifications, if any, as may be specified in the order, are complied with to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State before the expiration of such time as may be specified in the order;

1945- Education ( Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

Provided that where the Secretary of State intimates that he is not satisfied that such requirements are complied with, the person upon whom the notice of complaint or a copy thereof has been served may, within fourteen days after such intimation, refer the matter to the tribunal, who shall have power to dispose of the reference in such manner as shall appear to them to be just;

(d) if satisfied that the premises alleged by the notice of complaint to be unsuitable for use as a school or any part of such premises are in fact unsuitable for such use, by order to disqualify the premises or part from being so used, or if satisfied that the accommodation provided at the school- premises or any part thereof is inadequate or unsuitable having regard to the number, ages and sex of the pupils attending the school, by order to disqualify the premises or the said part as the case may be from being used as a school or part of a school for pupils exceeding such number or of such age or sex as may be specified in the order;

(e) if satisfied that any person alleged by the notice of complaint to be a person who is not proper to be the proprietor of an independent school or to be a teacher in any school is in fact such a person, by order to disqualify that person from being the proprietor of any independent school or from being a teacher in any school, as the case may be.

(3) Where a notice of complaint has been served under this Part of this Act on the proprietor of any school and the complaint is not referred by him to an Independent Schools Tribunal within the time limited in that behalf by the notice, the Secretary of State shall have power to make any order which such a tribunal would have had power to make if the complaint had been so referred:

Provided that if the Secretary of State makes any such order as is mentioned in paragraph (c) of the last foregoing subsection, the proviso to the said paragraph shall apply in like manner as if the order had been made by the tribunal:

Provided also that, if it was alleged by the notice of complaint that any person employed as a teacher at the school is not a proper person to be a teacher in any school and that person has, within the time limited in that behalf by the copy of the-notice served upon him, referred the complaint to an Independent Schools Tribunal, the Secretary of State shall not have power to make an order requiring his dismissal or disqualifying him from being a teacher in any school.

487

Part IV.

—cont.

488

Part IV.

—cont.

Enforcement of orders.

Removal of disqualifications.

Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(4) Where by virtue of an order made by an Independent Schools Tribunal or by the Secretary of State any person is disqualified either from being the proprietor of an independent school or from being a teacher in any school, then, unless the order otherwise directs, that person shall, by virtue of the order, be disqualified both from being the proprietor of an independent school and from being a teacher in any school.

69. —(1) Where an order is made by the Secretary of State or by an Independent Schools Tribunal, directing that any school be struck off the register, the Registrar shall as from the date on which the direction takes effect strike the school off the register.

(2) If any person uses any premises for purposes for which they are disqualified by virtue of any order made under this Part of this Act, that person shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, whether in respect of the same or of other premises, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(3) If any person acts as the proprietor of an independent school, or accepts or endeavours to obtain employment as a teacher in any school, while he is disqualified from so acting or from being so employed by any such order as aforesaid, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(4) For the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, a person who is disqualified by an order made under Part III of the Education Act, 1944, from being the proprietor of an independent school or from being a teacher in any school shall be deemed to be so disqualified by an order made under this Part of this Act.

70. —(1) If on the application of any person the Secretary of State is satisfied that any disqualification imposed by an order made under this Part of this Act is, by reason of any change of circumstances, no longer necessary, the Secretary of State shall by order remove the disqualification.

(2) Any person who is aggrieved by the refusal of the Secretary of State to remove a disqualification so imposed may, within such time after the refusal has been communicated to him as may be limited by rules made under this Part of this Act, appeal to an Independent Schools Tribunal, who may or may not order the removal of the disqualification as they think fit.

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

489

71. —(1) The Lord President of the Court of Session may, with Part IV. the concurrence of the Secretary of State, make rules as to the 'ZSrUm manner of making appeals to Independent Schools Tribunals ^dings and as to proceedings before such tribunals and matters incidental independent to or consequential on such proceedings; and, in particular. Schools such rules may make provision requiring any such tribunal to Tribunals and sit at such places as may be directed in accordance with the rules, m^ers and may make provision as to appearance before such tribunals ^eret(

by counsel or solicitor and as to the payment to members of such tribunals, as part of the expenses of the Secretary of State under this Act, of such remuneration and allowances as may, with the consent of the Treasury, be provided by the rules.

(2) Rules under the last foregoing subsection may make provision for reference to the Court of Session, by way of stated case, of any question of law arising in such proceedings.

(3) An Independent Schools Tribunal shall have power to . make such orders as to expenses, and as to such other consequential or incidental matters as appear to the tribunal to be necessary for giving effect to any order made by the tribunal, as the tribunal considers to be just, and any such order as to expenses may be enforced as if it were a recorded decree arbitral.

Part V.

General.

Expenses of Secretary of State.

72. In so far as any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State Expenses of in the exercise of his functions under the Education Acts are not Secretary of met from the Education (Scotland) Fund or under subsection (2) state-

of section one of the Reorganisation of Offices (Scotland) Act, 1939, 2 & 3 Geo. 6-the said expenses shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by c’ 20 Parliament.

Educational Endowments.

73. —(1) The Secretary of State shall appoint one of his officers Register of to be Registrar of Educational Endowments, and it shall be the educational duty of the Registrar to keep a register of all educationalendowment8, endowments, which shall contain such information as may be prescribed, and shall be open to public inspection at all reasonable

times.

(2) Except as hereinafter provided, it shall be the duty of the governing body of every educational endowment within twelve months after the appointed day or after the date upon which the deed creating the endowment came into operation, whichever is the later, to furnish the Registrar with such information about the endowment as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State.

490

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part V.

—cont.

Alteration of schemes under 45 & 46 Vict, c. 59.

Date of

endowment

accounts.

Amendment of 18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 30.

Sale of land belonging to educational endowments.

4 & 5 Vict, c. 38.

(3) This section shall not apply to a university endowment, to a theological endowment, or to the Carnegie Trust, and regulations made under this section may exempt any endowment or class of endowments from any of the provisions of this section.

(4) Expressions used in this section which are defined in the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1935, shall have the like meaning as in those Acts.

74. Any provision in a scheme under the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882, providing for the alteration of the scheme shall cease to have effect.

75. Notwithstanding anything in any scheme under the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882, or the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1935, relating to the accounts of an educational endowment of which a county council or a town council is the governing body, the said accounts shall be made up and balanced to the same day in every year as the accounts of the county fund or the burgh fund as the case may be:

Provided that the accounts of any such endowment as aforesaid current on the day when the council's financial year ends first occurring after the appointed day may be made up and balanced to the first mentioned day or to a day one year thereafter as the council think fit.

76. Sections nineteen, twenty, twenty-one and twenty-seven and paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section forty-one of the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928, (which relate to objections to draft schemes, and the framing, consideration, confirmation and approval of schemes under that Act), shall have effect as if for any reference therein to two months there were substituted a reference to one month.

77. —(1) Where it appears to the Secretary of State to be desirable that a scheme under the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1935, in relation to any educational endowment should make provision for the sale of any land forming the endowment or part thereof and for the application of the proceeds of sale in accordance with the provisions of the scheme, but that such provision cannot be made by reason of the third proviso to section two of the School Sites Act, 1841, (which provides that if any land granted in accordance with the provisions of that section ceases to be used for the purposes mentioned in that Act, the land shall revert to the grantor), or by reason of any condition of a similar nature contained in the governing instrument of the endowment, he may by order direct that the said proviso or condition shall not have effect in relation to the land :

1945- Education (Scotland) Ch. 37. 491

Act, 1945.

Provided that no such direction shall be given in relation Part V. to any land unless the Secretary of State is satisfied either— —con/.

(a) that the person to whom the land would revert in accordance with the said proviso or condition cannot after due inquiry be found; or

(b) that, if that person can be found, he has consented to

relinquish his rights in relation to the land under the said proviso or condition, and that, if he has consented so to do in consideration of the payment of a sum of money to him, adequate provision can be made for the payment to him of that sum out of the proceeds of the sale of the land.

(2) A scheme under the Educational Endowments (Scotland)

Acts, 1928 to 1935, relating to any educational endowment which includes land in respect of which an order has been made under the last foregoing subsection may make provision for the payment out of the proceeds of the sale of the land of any sum which is payable to any person in consideration of the relinquishment of his rights in relation to the land under the said proviso or condition.

(3) In .this section the expression " educational endowment " has the meaning assigned to it by section forty-two of the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928, provided that any land conveyed under section two of the School Sites Act,

1841, or held under a governing instrument containing a condition of the nature referred to in subsection (1) of this section shall be deemed to be an educational endowment or part thereof notwithstanding anything in the third proviso to that section or in the said condition.

Promotion of Educational .

78. An education authority may with the approval of the Research. Secretary of State make such provision for conducting or assisting

the conduct of research as appears to the authority to be desirable for the purpose of improving the education provided for their area.

79. Subject to any regulations made by the .Secretary of State, Educational an education authority may arrange or organise, or participate in conferences, the arrangement or organisation of, conferences or meetings for

the discussion of questions relating to education, and may expend such sums as may be reasonable in paying or contributing towards any expenditure incurred in connection with conferences or meetings for the discussion of such questions, including the expenses of any person authorised by them to attend any such conference or meeting.

492

Part V. —coni.

Provisions as to evidence.

Saving as to persons in the service of the Crown.

Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Evidence.

80. —(1) Where in any proceedings under the Education Acts the prosecutor alleges that any person whose age is material to the proceedings is under, of, or over, any age, and satisfies the court that having used all reasonable diligence to obtain evidence as to the age of- that person he has been unable to do so, then, unless the contrary is proved, the court may presume that person to be under, of, or over, the age alleged.

(2) In any legal proceedings any document purporting to be—

(a) a document issued by an education authority, and to be signed by the clerk of that authority or by the director of education of that authority or by any other officer of the authority authorised to sign it;

(6) an extract from the minutes of the proceedings of an education authority or of any committee or subcommittee thereof, and to be signed by the chairman of the authority or of the committee or sub-committee or by the officer having the custody of the minutes;

(c) a certificate giving particulars of the attendance of a

pupil at a school or junior college, and to be signed by the head teacher of the school or college;

(d) a certificate issued by a medical officer of an education

authority, and to be signed by such an officer;

(e) a certificate issued by an education authority that an

attendance order has been made by the authority and a copy thereof served upon the parent of the child to whom the order relates, and to be signed by the clerk to the authority or by the director of education or by any other officer authorised to sign it; or

(/) a certificate in the prescribed form of exemption from attendance at a junior college, and to be authenticated in the prescribed manner;

shall be received in evidence and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be the document which it purports to be, and to have been signed by the person by whom it purports to have been signed, without proof of his identity, signature or official capacity, and any such extract or certificate as is mentioned in paragraph (6) (c) (d) (e) or (/) of this subsection shall, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, be sufficient evidence of the matters therein stated.

Savings.

81. No power or duty conferred or imposed by the Education Acts on the Secretary of State, on education authorities, on parents or on young persons shall be construed as relating to any child or young person who is employed by or under

1945- Education (Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

the Crown in any service or capacity with respect to which the Secretary of State certifies that, by reason of the arrangements made for the education of children and young persons employed therein, the exercise and performance of those powers and duties with respect to such children and young persons is unnecessary.

82. Subject to the provisions of the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939, and to the scheme and rules made thereunder and to the provisions of section forty-two of this Act, no power or duty conferred or imposed by the Education Acts on the Secretary of State, on education authorities or on parents or young persons shall be construed as relating to any person who is the subject of an order or warrant for his detention or custody under the Lunacy (Scotland) Acts, 1857 to 1919, or is being entertained and kept in an asylum in pursuance of section fifteen of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866, or is a person for whose safe custody during His Majesty's pleasure His Majesty is authorised to give order or is a prisoner whom the Secretary of State has in pursuance of any Act directed to be removed to a criminal lunatic asylum or to the Griminal lunatic department of Perth prison or to an asylum or is a person placed in an institution or a certified house or under guardianship under section four of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, or is the subject of an order under sections seven, nine or ten of that Act, or has been reported under section forty-two of this Act as having been found incapable of receiving education at school, or to any person who is detained in pursuance of an order made by any court.

Miscellaneous.

83.—(1) Where a young person is employed in any employment with respect to which a limitation upon the number of working hours during which he may be employed in that employment otherwise than by way of overtime in any week is imposed by or under any enactment, any period of attendance at a junior college required of him during that week by an attendance notice served on him shall, for the purposes of the limitation, be deemed to be time during which he has been so employed in that week.

(2) Where a young person employed in any employment is entitled by or under the provisions of any enactment or of any agreement to overtime rates of pay in respect of any time during which he is employed in that employment on any day or in any week in excess of any specified number of hours or before or after any specified hour, any period of attendance at a junior college required of him on that day or during that week by an attendance notice served on him shall, for the purposes of those provisions, be deemed to be a period during which he was employed in that

493

Part V.

—cont.

Saving as to

lunatics,

mental

defectives.

etc.

29 & 30 Vict, c. 51.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 38.

Effect of attendance notices on computation of working hours.

494

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part V.

—cont.

Adaptation of enactments relating to employment of children and young persons.

Exemption from rates.

Amendment of enactments.

Interpreta-

tion.

35 & 36 Vict, c. 62.

52 & 53 Vict, c. 50.

1 Edw. 7. c. 9.

8 Edw. 7. c. 53.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 48.

employment otherwise than in excess of the specified number of hours or before or after the specified hour, as the case may be.

84. —(1) For the purpose of any enactment relating to the prohibition or regulation of the employment of children or young persons, any person who is not for the purposes of this Act over school age shall be deemed to be a child within the meaning of that enactment.

(2) For the purposes of any byelaws under Part III of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, the expression " child " shall have the same meaning as it has for the purposes of the said Part III.

85. No assessment or rate under any general or local Act for any county, burgh or other local purpose shall be assessed or levied upon or in respect of any land or building used exclusively or mainly for the purposes of the premises of a special school or orphanage in respect of which grants may be paid under paragraph (c) of section fifty-six of this Act, except to the extent of any profit derived by the managers from the letting thereof.

86. —(1) In relation to any young person punishable under this Act or under section seventy-eight of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1935, subsection (3) of section fifty-six and section fifty-eight of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1:937, (which relate to the substitution of other punishments for imprisonment), shall have effect as if references therein to a young person included references to any person who has not attained the age of eighteen years.

(2) Any reference in an enactment passed before the appointed day to a school in receipt of a parliamentary grant shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to a school other than an independent school.

(3) The amendments specified in the third column of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, being amendments of a minor or consequential nature, shall be made in the enactments specified in the first and second columns of that Schedule.

87. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings respectively assigned to them:—

" Act of 1872" means the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872;

" Act of 1889" means the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889;

" Act of 1901" means the Education (Scotland) Act, 1901;

" Act of 1908" means the Education (Scotland) Act, 1908;

" Act of 1918" means the Education (Scotland) Act, 1918;

Education (Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

" Act of 1919" means the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act, 1919;

" Act of 1925" means the Education (Scotland) (Super- 9 10 Geo. 5.

annuation) Act, 1925; 5.

" Act of 1929" means the Local Government (Scotland) c. 55.

Act, 1929; 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

" Act of 1936" means the Education (Scotland) Act, 1936; ^Geo. 5.

" Act of 1939" means the Education (Emergency) (Scotland) 1 Edw. 8. c. 42. Act, 1939;

" Child" means a person who is not over school age;

" Clothing " includes boots and other footwear;

" Code" means a code included in regulations under section fifty-five of this Act;

" Education Acts" means the Education (Scotland) Acts,

1872 to 1942, the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation)

Acts, 1919 to 1939, the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882, the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1935, the Highland Schools 36 & 37 Vict. Act, 1873, and this Act; c- 53-

" Educational establishment "—

(i) means a school, a junior college and any other institution for the provision of any lorm of further education and the premises of such school, junior college or institution, and

(ii) without prejudice to the foregoing generality, includes a central institution, a training centre, a training college, a hostel used mainly by pupils attending such schools or junior colleges or institutions, and a residential institution conducted under a scheme under the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Acts,

1928 to 1935, but

(iii) does not include a university, a theological college, a hostel or other residence used exclusively by students attending a university or a theological college, or a club or other centre conducted by a voluntary society or body for the purpose of providing facilities or organising activities of a character similar to those which may be provided by an education authority under section three of this Act, unless the society or body are in receipt of a grant from the Secretary of State or of a contribution from an education authority or apply in writing to the Secretary of State for the club or centre to be treated in all respects as an educational establishment;

" Employment " includes employment in any labour exercised by way of trade or for purposes of gain whether the gain be to the child or to the young person or to any

495

Part V.

—cont.

496

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part V. —cont. other person, and a person who assists in a trade or occupation carried on for profit shall be deemed to be employed notwithstanding that he receives no reward for his labour; and " employ " shall be construed accordingly; " Employer " includes a parent who employs his children; " Functions " includes powers and duties; and " functions relating to education", used in relation to an education authority, includes any function conferred or imposed on an education authority by the Education Acts or by any other enactment; " Further education " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (5) of section one of this Act; " Independent school" means a school at which full-time education is provided for five or more pupils of school age (whether or not such education is also provided for pupils under or over that age), not being a public school or a school in respect of which grants are made by the Secretary of State to the managers of the school other than grants in aid of the managers’ contributions under the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939;

41 & 42 Vict, c. 33- " Junior college " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (5) of section one of this Act; " Managers ", in relation to an educational establishment, means the governing body, trustees, or other person or body of persons responsible for the management of the establishment; " Medical examination" means examination by a duly qualified medical practitioner: Provided that in conducting an examination of any such class as may be prescribed, such practitioner may be assisted by other persons having such special qualifications or experience as may be prescribed; " Medical inspection " and " medical supervision " mean, respectively, inspection and supervision by or under • the directions of a duly qualified medical practitioner or in appropriate cases by a person registered under the Dentists Act, 1878; " Medical officer " means, in relation to any education authority, a duly qualified medical practitioner employed or engaged, whether regularly or for the purposes of any particular case, by that authority; " Medical treatment " includes prevention and treatment of diseases by any duly qualified medical practitioner or by any person registered under the Dentists Act,

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

497

1878, and the supply of appliances on the recommendation of such practitioner or person, but does not, in relation to any pupil other than a pupil receiving primary or secondary education elsewhere than at school under arrangements made by an education authority under section eight of this Act, include treatment in that pupil’s home;

" Mental Deficiency Acts" means the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Acts, 1913 and 1940;

" National committee ", " provincial committee " and " committee of management" mean respectively the National Committee for the Training of Teachers, a Provincial Committee and a Committee of Management established under the minute of the Scottish Education Department dated the tenth day of February, 1920, and include any committee or other body that may be appointed in their place under section forty-nine of this Act;

" Nursery school " and " nursery class " have the respective meanings assigned to them by subsection (2) of section one of this Act;

" Officers " includes servants;

" Parent" includes guardian and any person who is liable to maintain or has the actual custody of a child or young person;

" Premises" in relation to any educational establishment includes any building in which pupils attending such establishment are boarded whether managed by the managers of such establishment or by any other person by arrangement with such managers, and any playing fields used in connection with such establishment whether contiguous to or detached therefrom;

uPrescribed" means prescribed by the Secretary of State;

" Primary education " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section one of this Act;

" Proprietor " in relation to an independent school means the managers of such school, and for the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to applications for the registration of independent schools includes any person or body of persons proposing to be the managers;

'* Provisionally registered school" means an independent school registered in the register of independent schools whereof the registration is provisional only;

" Public school" means any school under the management of an education authority;

" Pupil" where used without qualification means a person of any age for whom education is or is required to be provided under the Education Acts;

2 I

Pari V.

—cont.

Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

" Registered school" means an independent school the registration of which in the register of independent schools is final;

" School" means an institution providing primary or secondary education or both primary and secondary education being a public school, an independent school, or a school in respect of which grants are made by the Secretary of State to the managers of the school, and includes a nursery school and a special school; and the expression " school where used without qualification includes any such school or all such schools as the context may require but does not include an approved school within the meaning of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937;

" School age " has, subject to the provisions of section twenty-four and of subsection (3) of this section, the meaning assigned to it by section twenty-three of this Act;

" Secondary education " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (3) of section one of this Act;

" Special educational treatment " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (4) of section one of this Act;

" Special school " includes special classes forming part of primary schools and secondary schools, child guidance clinics and occupational centres;

Teachers superannuation scheme" means the superannuation scheme framed and approved under the Education (Scotland) Superannuation Acts, 1919 to 1939, and any amendment thereof;

" Training centre " and " training college " mean a centre or college for the purposes of section forty-nine of this Act managed respectively by a provincial committee or a committee of management;

" Young person" means a person over school age who has not attained the age of eighteen.

(2) Where any function is delegated by one body to another in pursuance of this Act, that other body shall have power to exercise the function in like manner in all respects as the first mentioned body could have exercised it had there been no delegation, and, save as otherwise provided in the administrative scheme, to enter into any contract or execute any deed necessary for that purpose.

(3) Any person who before the date when section twenty-three of this Act comes into operation has attained an age at which under the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1942, his parent ceased to be under obligation to provide efficient education for him shall be deemed to be over school age, and any person who after the said date ceases to be of school age shall not in the event of any subsequent change in the upper limit of school age again become a person of school age.

1945* Education (Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

(4) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, references to any enactment or any provision of any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment or provision as amended by any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

(5) Any minute, rule, regulation, order or scheme, passed or made, or any certificate, direction or approval given, or thing done under any enactment repealed or amended by this Act, shall, if in force at the appointed day, continue in force notwithstanding such repeal or amendment in like manner as if it had been passed, made, given or done under this Act.

88. The enactments set out in the Fifth Schedule to this Act, Repeal of being enactments which, to the extent specified in the third obs°tete column of that Schedule, have by lapse of time or otherwiseenactments* become unnecessary or obsolete, shall to that extent be repealed :

Provided that, without prejudice to the provisions of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, nothing in this 52 <5^53 Vict, repeal shall affect— c- 63*

(i) the validity of any scheme under the Educational En-

dowments (Scotland) Act, 1882, in force at the appointed day; or

(ii) the title of an education authority to any property

vested in or held in trust for them at the appointed day; or

(iii) the terms and conditions upon which any officer of an education authority holds his . office or the powers of an education authority in relation thereto.

89. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Education (Scotland) Citation,

Act, 1945, and the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1942, the repeal and Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939, ^"^ence" the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882, the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1935, the Highland Schools Act, 1873, and this Act shall be construed as one, and may

be cited together as the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1945.

(2) The enactments set out in the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) Save as otherwise expressly provided this Act shall come into operation on the appointed day, and the appointed day shall be such day as the Secretary of State may appoint, and different days may be appointed for different purposes and different provisions of this Act: Provided always that the day appointed for the coming into operation of section twenty-three shall be not later than the first day of April nineteen hundred and forty-six and the day appointed for the coming into operation of sections twenty-nine to thirty-one and eighty-three shall be not later than three years after the date on which the upper limit of the school age Is raised to fifteen.

2 I 2

499

Part V.

—cont.

500

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

SCHEDULES.

Section 52.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Articles incorporated in the Teachers Superannuation Scheme.

1. —(1) Where, for the purpose of enabling a teacher to gain special experience of value in teaching, his service is discontinued for such period exceeding one year but not exceeding five years as the Secretary of State may approve, being a period beginning on or after the first day of January nineteen hundred and forty-two, the teacher may pay into the Education (Scotland) Fund with the consent of the Secretary of State in respect of such period sums equal to ten per centum of his salary as at the date of discontinuing service, so that the said period may be reckoned as a period of service within the meaning of this Scheme.

(2) The Secretary of State may determine the amount of such payments which shall be reckoned as contributions by the teacher.

2. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment, a teacher employed in service within the meaning of this Scheme shall not be subject to an independent superannuation scheme in respect of that service.

(2) Where a teacher who becomes employed in service within the meaning of this Scheme at or after the appointed day—

(a) has, not more than one year before he so becomes employed

in such service, been subject to an independent superannuation scheme, and

(b) would, but for the foregoing paragraph, be subject to such a scheme in respect of the service in which he so becomes employed,

the service in which he so becomes employed shall not be treated as service within the meaning of this Scheme, and he shall be subject to the independent superannuation scheme accordingly :

Provided that if any teacher who is subject to an independent superannuation scheme by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this paragraph elects within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner to withdraw from the scheme, the said provisions shall not have effect in relation to any service in which he is employed after the election takes effect.

(3) Where any teacher makes such an election, the election shall take effect as from the appointed day, or as from the time when he entered the service in which he is for the time being employed, whichever is the later.

1945- Education (Scotland) Ch. 37. 501

4c*, 1945.

(4) Where any such election is made by a teacher who is a contribu- ist Sch.

tory employee or a local Act contributor as defined by the Local —cont.

Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937, he shaft be entitled 1 J-dw. 8. & to receive out of the appropriate superannuation fund a sum equal to 1 Gea 6' c* 6g-the aggregate amount of his contributions to that fund calculated in accordance with subsection (5) of section ten of the said Act of 1937,

or, as the case may be, in accordance with the corresponding provision of the local Act scheme, together with compound interest on those contributions, calculated to the date on which he ceases to be a contributory employee or a local Act contributor at the rate of three per cent, per annum with half yearly rests.

(5) In this article the expression " independent superannuation scheme " means:—

(a) any superannuation scheme other than this Scheme (including a superannuation scheme established by or under any public general or local Act of Parliament or provisional order confirmed by Parliament) which provides for the payment of contributions to a fund by any local authority or the persons responsible for the management of any educational establishment or other educational institution, and for the payment out of that fund, in respect of service rendered to the authority or to those persons, of benefits on disablement, retirement, attainment of any specified age, or death; and

(b) any system of superannuation (not being a system established by or under any public general or local Act of Parliament or provisional order confirmed by Parliament) operated jointly by a number of educational establishments or other educational institutions for the purpose of providing such benefits as aforesaid in respect of the service of persons employed by them.

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this article, where a teacher who is employed in service within the meaning of this Scheme after the appointed day by an education authority has before the appointed day been in whole-time paid employment in connection with education in Scotland, such employment shall, if he makes application to the Secretary of State for that purpose within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, be treated for the purposes of this Scheme as if it had been service within the meaning thereof:

Provided that if upon making such an application he requests that his employment before any date specified by him shall not be treated as if it had been service within the meaning of this Scheme, his said employment before that date shall not be so treated by virtue of this article.

(2) Where an application made by a teacher under this article relates, whether wholly or in part, to employment after the thirty-first day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-two, he shall be liable to pay the appropriate contributions to the Secretary of State in respect of that employment in accordance with rules made by the Secretary of State; and no employment after the said date shall be treated as service within the meaning of this Scheme by virtue of this article unless the appropriate contributions are so paid in respect thereof.

502

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Ch< 37.

ist Sch. (3) For the purposes of this article, the appropriate contributions —coni. are the contributions which would have been payable by the teacher

in respect of the employment in question under the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939, if that service had been service within the meaning of this Scheme.

(4) Where a teacher has ceased to be in employment which is treated as service within the meaning of this Scheme by virtue of this article in order to undertake war service, the provisions of the Education 2*3 Geo. 6. (Scotland) (War Service Superannuation) Act, 1939, shall have effect c- 96. accordingly with respect to his period of war service, including any

such period which falls after the appointed day.

4.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this article, where any period of employment after the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-three, including any period of war service, is treated as service within the meaning of this Scheme by virtue of the last foregoing article, the contributions (hereinafter referred to as " employer’s contributions ") which would have been payable under the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939, by the teacher’s employer in respect of that employment shall be paid to the Secretary of State by the education authority by whom the teacher in question is employed in service within the meaning-of this Scheme when he first becomes entitled to make an application under the last foregoing article.

(2) Where a teacher who has been a contributory employee or a local Act contributor as defined by the Local Government (Scotland) Superannuation Act, 1937, (hereinafter referred to as a Local Government Superannuation Act employee), becomes, not more than one year after ceasing to be a Local Government Superannuation Act employee, entitled to make an application under the last foregoing article, no employer's contributions shall be payable in respect of any employment which he was, immediately before he last ceased to be a Local Government Superannuation Act employee, entitled to reckon for superannuation purposes under the said Act of 1937 or under any local Act scheme as defined by that Act.

(3) In lieu of the employer's contributions which would have been payable in respect of any employment but for the last foregoing paragraph, there shall be paid to the Secretary of State in respect of that employment, out of the appropriate superannuation fund, a sum equivalent to the difference between the sum which has become or will become payable out of that fund in respect of the past contributions of the teacher who made the application (including any sum payable as interest upon such contributions) and the transfer value which would have been payable out of that fund under section twenty-four of the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937, if, after he last ceased to be entitled to participate in the benefits of the fund, the said teacher had forthwith become entitled to participate in the benefits of some other superannuation fund maintained under that Act or under a local Act scheme as defined by that Act:

Provided that the sum paid to the Secretary of State by virtue of this paragraph in respect of any employment shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the contributions which would have been payable under the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939, by the teacher’s employer in respect of that employment.

1945* Education (Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

(4) For the purpose of the last foregoing paragraph—

(a) the appropriate superannuation fund is the fund in the benefits

of which the teacher in question was last entitled to participate as a Local Government Superannuation Act employee before becoming entitled to make the application under the last foregoing article; and

(b) the expression " past contributions " includes in relation to a

contributory employee all such contributions as are mentioned in subsection (5) of section ten of the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act. 1937, and in relation to a local . Act contributor shall be construed accordingly.

(5) Where a teacher ceased to be employed in any capacity in respect of which *he was a Local Government Superannuation Act employee in order to undertake service which he was entitled to reckon for superannuation purposes by virtue of the Education (Scotland) (War Service Superannuation) Act, 1939, paragraphs (2), (3) and (4) of this article shall have effect as if he had continued to be a Local Government Superannuation Act employee during the period of service which he was so entitled to reckon.

(6) Any reference in this article to the contributions which would have been payable under the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939, by the teacher’s employer in respect of the employment of any teacher shall, in relation to a period of war service, be construed as a reference to such employer’s contributions only as would have been payable in respect of his service during that period, if immediately before undertaking war service he had been employed by an education authority, governing body or other body of managers.

5. —(1) Where by virtue of section one of the Education (Scotland) (War Service Superannuation) Act, 1939, a teacher’s period of war service is treated as if it were a period of service within the meaning of this Scheme, he may at any time during that period require the Secretary of State to repay to him a sum equal to the balance of his contributions computed as at the date of repayment.

(2) Where any teacher makes such a requirement, his period of war service after the requirement is made shall not be treated as if it were a period of service within the meaning of this Scheme by virtue of the said Act of 1939.

(3) Where the balance of any teacher’s contributions is repaid under this article, the provisions of paragraphs (a) and (6) of subsection (1) of section four of the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act, 1925, shall have effect as if a repayment had been made under the said paragraph (a).

(4) The balance of a teacher’s contributions shall be calculated for the purposes of this article as it is calculated for the purposes of section four of the said Act of 1925.

6. A death gratuity shall not be payable to the legal personal representative of a teacher where the amount thereof would be less than the amount of the contributions made by the teacher in terms of the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939, together

Cft. 37-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

504

ist Sch. with compound interest on each contribution as from the prescribed —cont. date calculated at the rate of three per centum per annum with yearly

rests, but under deduction of—

(«) any contributions returned to the teacher and not repaid by him, and

(6) any other sums paid or payable under this scheme to him or to his legal personal representative.

Section 58. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Local Inquiries.

1. The Secretary of State shall appoint a commissioner to hold the inquiry and to report thereon to him.

2. The commissioner shall notify the bodies and persons appearing to him to be interested.

3. The commissioner may by notice in writing require any person—

(a) to attend at the time and place set forth in the notice to give

evidence or to produce any books or documents in his custody or under his control which relate to any matter in question at the inquiry; or

(b) to furnish within such reasonable period as is specified in the

notice such information relating to any matter in question at the inquiry as the commissioner may think fit and as the person so required is able to furnish:

Provided that

(i) no person shall be required in obedience to such a notice to

attend at any place which is more than ten miles from the place where he resides unless the necessary expenses are paid or tendered to him; and

(ii) nothing in this paragraph shall empower the commissioner to

require any person to produce any book or document or to answer any question which he would be entitled, on the ground of privilege or confidentiality, to refuse to produce or to answer if the inquiry were a proceeding in a court of law.

4. The commissioner may administer oaths and examine witnesses on oath and may accept, in lieu of evidence on oath by any person, a statement in writing by that person supported by a declaration of the truth thereof in such form as the commissioner may require.

5. The inquiry shall unless the Secretary of State otherwise directs be held in public.

6. Any person who refuses or wilfully neglects to attend in obedience to a notice issued under paragraph 3 of this Schedule, or who wilfully alters, suppresses, conceals, destroys or refuses to produce any book or document which he may be required to produce by any such notice, or who refuses or wilfully neglects to comply with any requirement of the commissioner under paragraph 3 of this Schedule, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding three months.

1945- Education (Scotland) Ch. 37.

Act, 1945.

7. The Secretary of State may make orders as to the expenses incurred by the parties appearing at the inquiry and as to the parties by whom such expenses shall be paid.

8. Any order by the Secretary of State under paragraph 7 of this Schedule requiring any party to pay expenses may be enforced in like manner as a recorded decree arbitral.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Constitution of Independent Schools Tribunals.

1. For the purpose of enabling Independent Schools Tribunals to be constituted as occasion may require, there shall be appointed by the Secretary of State a panel (hereinafter referred as the ‘'educational panel *) of persons to act when required as members of any such tribunal.

2. No officer of any government department and no person employed by an education authority in any capacity other than that of a teacher shall be qualified to be appointed to the educational panel, and no person shall be so qualified unless he has had such experience in teaching or in the conduct, management or administration of schools as the Secretary of State considers suitable.

3. Any person appointed to be a member of the educational panel shall hold office for such period and subject to such conditions as may be determined by the Secretary of State.

4. Where any complaint is required to be determined by an Independent Schools. Tribunal the tribunal shall consist of the sheriff (or, if he is unable to act, a person qualified for appointment as sheriff nominated by the Lord President of the Court of Session), who shall be chairman, and two other members appointed from the educational panel by the Secretary of State, of whom at least one shall be a woman in the case of a complaint concerning a school for girls or a complaint concerning the proprietor of a school, or a teacher therein, who is a woman.

5. In this Schedule the expression " sheriff " does not include sheriff-substitute, and means the sheriff of the county in which the school to which the complaint relates is situated, or, in the case of an appeal against a refusal to remove a disqualification, the sheriff of the county where the appellant resides.

5°5

2ND SCH. —cont.

Section 68.

5o6

Section 86.

Ch. 37. Education (Scotland) 1945.

Act, 1945.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Minor and Consequential Amendments.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Nature of Amendment.

35 & 36 Vict, c. 62. The Education (Scotland) Act, 1872. The following section shall be substituted for section forty-six:— " 46.—(1) Where property or money has been or shall be vested in any persons as trustees for behoof of a public school or other educational establishment under the management of an education authority, or for the promotion of any branch of education in such schools or educational establishments or to increase the income of any teachers therein, the free income of -such property or money shall be accounted for and paid to the education authority, and shall be applied and administered by the education authority according to the trusts attaching thereto. (2) It shall be lawful for the education authority, with the approval of the Secretary of State, to vary or depart from the said trusts, with a view to increasing the efficiency of the school or educational establishment by raising the standard of education therein or by other means."; in section forty-seven after the words ' school or schools" in both places where they occur there shall be inserted the words " or other educational establishments"; in section fifty-one after the words " school board " there shall be inserted the words " and of the managers of schools and other educational establishments in respect of which, and of persons providing educational services to whom, grants ar6 made by the Secretary of State", and the following proviso shall be added at the end of the section :— " Provided that the abstract and report shall not relate to a school or other educational establishment in respect of which the only grant paid is a grant in aid of the managers

1945

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

507

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Nature of Amendment.

35 & 36 Vict, c. 62—coni.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1872—coni.

contributions under the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939, or to any other educational establishment which may be excepted by the Secretary of State."; the following section shall be substituted for section fifty-five:— " 55. The function of appointing teachers for service in public schools and other educational establishments under the management of an education authority shall be in the education authority, and every appointment shall be during the pleasure of the authority."; in section sixty-one after the words public school " there shall be inserted the words " or other educational establishment under their management " : and in

section sixty-eight for the words "subject to inspection and in receipt of any public money as herein-before provided " there shall be substituted the words " in receipt of grants from the Secretary of State other than grants in aid of the managers' contributions under the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939," and for the words " children " and " child " wherever they occur there shall respectively be substituted the words " pupils "

8 Edw. 7. c. 63.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1908.

and " pupil ".

The following section shall be substituted for section three :—

" 3.—(1) It shall be lawful for an education authority to maintain an agency for collecting and distributing information as to employments open to pupils on leaving school.

(2) It shall be lawful for an education authority to pay such reasonable expenses incidental to the proper discharge of their duties as may be sanctioned by regulations made by the Secretary of State. Such expenses may include contributions to any association of education authorities concerned in the consideration of educational questions.";

4TH Sch.

—cont.

5oS

Ch. 37-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

4TH Sch.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Nature of Amendment.

8 Edw. 7. c. 63.

— cont.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1908—cont.

in section twelve, in paragraph (a) of subsection (2), there shall be inserted after the words "Act of Parliament " the words "or under the Endowed Institutions (Scotland) Act, 1878 ", and for paragraph (c) of that subsection there shall be substituted the following paragraph :—

" (c) a committee or other body for the training of teachers constituted under section forty-nine of the Education (Scotland) Act. 1945 "; in section sixteen, in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) as amended by section sixteen and the Schedule to the Act of 1936, for the words from " the inspection " to " leaving certificate examination " there shall be substituted the words "conducting leaving certificate examinations ", and for paragraph

(d) of the said subsection there shall be substituted the following paragraph :—

" (d) To making payment to any committee or other body for the training of teachers constituted under section forty-nine of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1945, in addition to any sums voted by Parliament for the training of teachers, of such sums as may be determined by regulations made by the Secretary of State;" and the following proviso shall be added at the end of the subsection :—

" Provided that payments under paragraphs (c), (d) and (/), shall be made in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State."; in section twenty-one there shall be added at the end the words "but such suspension shall not affect the teacher's rights to the salary or other emoluments attached to his office "; in section twenty-three for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following subsection :—

" (3) Save as may be otherwise prescribed, it shall be a condition of the payment by the

1945-

Education

Act, 1945.

CH. 37.

5°9

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Nature of Amendment.

8 Edw. 7. c. 63. —cont.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1908—cont.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 38.

The Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913-

Secretary of State of a grant to the managers of a school or other educational establishment not under the management of an education authority or to other persons providing educational services approved by the Secretary of State that the accounts of the income and expenditure of such managers or persons in respect of such school, educational establishment or service shall be set out according to a form prescribed by the Secretary of State and shall together with the relative vouchers and other documents be submitted for examination and report to the accountant appointed in pursuance of section fifty of the Act of 1872."; in section twenty-nine, in subsection (1), for the words "may after due notice and inquiry, and after hearing any party who desires to be heard," there shall be substituted the words "shall cause a local inquiry to be held, and may, after considering the report of the said inquiry," and the words from " Provided also " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted; and in section thirty-three the words " with the consent of the Department " shall be omitted.

In section two, in subsection (4), for the words " notified " and " under this section " there shall be substituted the words " reported " and " under section forty-two of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1945," respectively, and for the word " this " where it first occurs there shall be substituted the word "that"; and in section three for sub-paragraph (v) of paragraph (e) of subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following sub-paragraph :—

" (v) who is a child with respect to whom a report has been issued under the enactments relating to education that he has been found incapable of receiving education at school, or that by reason of a disability of mind

4TH Sch.

—cont.

5io

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6,

4TH SCH.

— con

Session and

Chapter.

. Short Title.

Nature of Amendment.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 38—cont.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 48.

The Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913—cont.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

he may require to be dealt with under the Mental Deficiency Acts after leaving school; or ", and in the proviso to the said subsection for the word "notified " there shall be substituted the word "reported ".

In section five for the words "children and young persons" there shall be substituted the word "pupils ", and for the words "or continuation classes " there shall be substituted the words "junior colleges or other educational establishments "; in section seven for the words " to give instruction in religion to children " there shall be substituted the words "for religious observance to be practised and for instruction in religion to be given to pupils ", for the words "the instruction so given " there shall be substituted the words " such observance or instruction ", and after the words " their children should not " there shall be inserted the words " take part in such observance or "; in section nine, in subsection (i), after the word "school " in both places' where it occurs there shall be inserted the words " or other educational establishment ", and at the- end of the said subsection there shall be added the words "and the Secretary of State may by order make such modifications in the provisions of any trust deed or other instrument relating to any school, or other educational establishment or central institution in receipt of contributions under this subsection as may be necessary to enable provision to be made for such representation as aforesaid, and any such trust deed or other instrument shall, so long as such contributions continue to be paid, have effect subject to any modifications go made.", in subsection (3) the words " of maintenance of the training colleges " shall be omitted, and the words " of the committees and other bodies for the

training of teachers constituted under section forty-nine of the

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

5ii

Session and

Chapter.

Short title.

Nature of Amendment.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 48—coni.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1918—coni.

Education (Scotland) Act, 1945," shall be inserted after the word "Scotland ", and the following subsection shall be inserted at the end of the section :—

" (5) It shall be lawful for an education authority to make payments to the managers of schools other than public schools in order to secure the admission thereto and education therein free of charge of pupils nominated by the education authority."; in section eleven, in subsection (3), for the words from " the First Schedule " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " Part III of the First Schedule and the Third Schedule to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, subject, however, to the following and any other necessary modifications—

(i) for references to a local inquiry there shall be substituted references to a local inquiry under section fifty-eight of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1945;

(ii) for references to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, there shall be substituted references to the Education Acts;

(iii) for references to the responsible authority there shall be substituted references to the education authority.";

in section twenty, at the beginning, there shall be inserted the figure (1), and the following subsections shall be added at the end of the

section :—

" (2) Provision may be made in the said order for the appointment by the advisory council of special committees to deal with remits on particular subjects made to the council by the Secretary of State, for such special committees to be composed of persons nominated by the Secretary of State of whom some- shall be members of the council and the remainder shall be persons hav-

4TH Sen.

—cont.

512

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

4TH Sch.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Nature of Amendment.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 48—cont.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1918— con.

ing special knowledge or experience of the subjects of the respective remits, and for the reports of special committees to be submitted to the Secretary of State by the advisory council, who shall be entitled in submitting the reports to make such comments thereon as they think fit.

" (3) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with education authorities and other persons interested, by order establish a Regional Advisory Council for any branch of education, to advise the education authorities and other managers oi schools, junior colleges and other educational establishments in the region as to the development of the branch of education for which the Council is appointed."; in section twenty-one the following paragraph shall be inserted at the end of subsection (1) :—

" Any other moneys applicable to a purpose to which the said fund may be applied may also, with the consent of the Treasury, be paid into the said fund for application to the said purpose.", the following subsection shall be inserted after the said subsection :—

" (iA) It shall be competent to the Treasury to make such adjustments in the methods of calculating the sums payable under the last foregoing subsection as may be expedient in view of any changes which may be made in the votes from which any expenditure either in Scotland or in England and Wales may be made.", and in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) for the words from " in aid of " to the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the words "in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State in aid of the expenditure of education authorities, of the managers of schools an J other educational establishments,

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Cin 37.

513

Session and

Chapter.

Short title.

Nature of Amendment.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 48—coni.

18 & 19. Geo. 5. c. 30.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1918—coni.

The Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

and of other persons providing educational services approved by the Secretary of State."; in section thirty-one, in paragraph (4), for the words " within the meaning of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872 " there shall be substituted the words "issued in accordance with regulations made under the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1945 "; and in the Fifth Schedule, in sub-paragraph of paragraph 1, for the words " an approved scheme of the education authority " there shall be substituted the words " regulations made by the Secretary of State under section thirty-two of the Education. (Scotland) Act, 1945 "•

In section five, for the words " on or before the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty," there shall be substituted the words " at one time " and for the words after the said day," there shall be substituted the words " at a later time "; in section six the words " any part of " shall be omitted, and for the words '* the whole of it were an educational endowment" there shall be substituted the words " it were an educational endowment applied wholly to educational purposes "; in section twenty-eight for the words from " endowments belonging" to " 1872 to 1925 " there shall be substituted the words "an educational endowment ", and the words "or the education authority within whose area the school is situated, as the case may be," shall be omitted; in section forty-one, in paragraph ( c) of subsection (x), the words " which in the opinion of the Court of Session is contrary to law" shall. be omitted, and in paragraph (d) of the said subsection after the words

" The provisions regarding " there shall be inserted the words " inquiries by the Commissioners and, " and for the words from " if for an " to the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the words

4TH Sch.

—cont.

2 K

514

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

41H SCH.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Nature of Amendment.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 30—cont.

The Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928—cont.

" a provision empowering the Secretary of State to cause a local inquiry to be held, and the provisions of the Second Schedule to the Education (Scot- • land) Act, 1945, with the exception of paragraphs 7 and 8 thereof, shall apply to such inquiry"; and in section forty-two, at the end of the definition of "Provisional Order "* there shall be added the words "or made under the

Endowed Institutions (Scotland) Act, 1878

19 A 20 Geo. 5.

c. 25.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929.

I

In section three, in subsection (2), for the word "fund " there shall be substituted the word "account "; in section twelve, in subsection (1), for the words from " subsection (1) " to the words "any other" there shall be substituted the words "subsections (8), (12), (13) and (14) of section fourteen of this Act shall, with any ", in subsection (7), in sub-paragraph (c) of proviso (iii), for the words "or of centres of advanced technical instruction " there shall be substituted the words "junior colleges or other educational establishments "; in section fourteen, in subsection (4), for the words "school children " there shall be substituted the words "pupils attending schools, junior colleges and other educational establishments", and for subsection (5) the following subsection shall be substituted :—

" (5) Every administrative scheme relating to education made by the council of a county within which a large burgh is included for the purpose of education shall, unless the Secretary of State otherwise directs, include provision for the co-operation of the county council and the town council in the execution by the county council of the functions of the county council as education authority relating to the medical examination, inspection, supervision and treatment and to the cleansing of pupils attending schools, junior colleges and

I945*

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

5i5

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Nature of Amendment.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. The Local Govern-c. 25—cont. ment (Scotland)

Act, 1929—cont.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. The Educational c. 5. Endowments

(Scotland) Act,

other educational establishments in the large burgh. The county council before making any such scheme and the Secretary of State before approving any such scheme shall consult with the town council, and any such scheme, when so approved, shall be binding on the town council."; in section seventeen, in subsection (3), for the words from " a local " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words "any body of persons, whether members of the council or not, constituted by the council to advise or assist them in the execution of any of their functions under the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1945."; and in section thirty-one, in subsection (1), after the words "to discontinue " there shall be inserted the words " religious observance or ".

In section two after the word " training " there shall be inserted the words " centres and ".

25 & 26 Geo. 5.

c. 8.

1935.

The Unemployment Insurance Act, 1935.

In section seventy-eight for the word "Minister " wherever that word occurs there shall be substituted the words " Secretary of State ", in subsection (2) for paragraph (b) there shall be substituted the following paragraph :—

" (6) in Scotland he shall be liable on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction in the case of a first offence to a fine not exceeding one pound, in the case of a second offence to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and in the case of a third or subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding ten pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to both such fine and such imprisonment.",

and in subsection (4) for the words from " and, for the purpose " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words "Regulations made by the Secretary of State under this section

4TH SCH.

—cont.

2K2

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

516

4TH SCH.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Nature of Amendment.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. The Unemploy-c. 8—cont. ment Insurance

Act, 1935

shall make provision as to the functions to be performed by education authorities with respect to persons required under this section to attend at authorised courses, and, in particular, shall direct such authorities to make in any attendance notice served on any such person such modifications as may be provided by the regulations, and shall make provision as to the circumstances in which and the extent to which attendances in pursuance of requirements under this section may be reckoned as attendances in pursuance of the requirements of attendance notices: "; in section eighty-seven the following sub-

section shall be inserted after

subsection (4):—

" (5) This section shall not apply to proceedings in Scotland for offences under section seventy-eight of this Act."; in section one hundred and four, in subsection (1), after the word "Act" where that word first occurs there shall be inserted the words " except under section seventy-eight thereof "; in section one hundred and thirteen, in subsection (1), for the definition of "Authorised course" there shall be substituted the following definition :—

*' Authorised course means a course at a junior college established under the enactments relating to education or a training course provided under section seventy-seven of this Act, and includes, in relation to insured contributors who have attained the age of eighteen years, any training course provided by the Assistance Board under the Unemployment Act,

1934:"

and in the First Schedule, in paragraph 7 of Part II, for the words from "as a teacher," to " such a school," there shall be substituted the words " pending completion of training of a person provisionally recognised for temporary service as an uncertificated teacher in a school

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

5i7

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Nature of Amendment.

25 & 26 Geo.5. The Unemploy-c. 8—cont. ment Insurance

Act, 1935—cont.

26 Geo. 5. ft z The National , Edw. 8. c. 32. Health Insurance Act, 1936.

or other educational establishment in Scotland under the management of an education authority or other managers to whom grants are paid by the Secretary of State other than grants in aid of the managers' contributions under the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to I939-"

In the First Schedule, for paragraph (/) of Part II, there shall be substituted the following paragraph:— " (/) Employment in Scotland as a teacher to whom a scheme under the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919 to 1939. applies, or employment pending completion of training of a person provisionally recognised for temporary* service as an uncertificated teacher in a school or other educational establishment in Scotland under the management of an education authority or other managers to whom grants are paid by the Secretary of State other than grants in aid of the managers' contributions under the said

Acts".

26 Geo. 5 ft 1 Edw. 8. c. 42.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1936.

In section four, in subsection (2), for the words from " Any such exemption " to the ensuing term" there shall be substituted the words " No such exemption as aforesaid shall extend beyond the date for commencing school attendance next following the date upon which the exemption was granted"; and in section fourteen, in paragraph (a), for the words "day school as defined in section thirty-four of the Act of 1908 " there shall be substituted the words " school other than an independent school", and for paragraph (6) the following paragraph shall be substituted :—

" (6) any committee or other body for the training of teachers constituted under section forty-nine of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1945, and the certificated teachers employed by them in a school.".

4TH SCH.

—cont.

5i8

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland) Ad, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6

4TH SCH.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Nature of Amendment.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 37.

The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937-

In section twenty-one, in subsection (1), after the word " years " there shall be inserted the words M or any young person who has not attained the age at which under the enactments relating to education children cease to be of school age," and for the words from " is totally exempted " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words or young person is not, by being so taken with him, prevented from receiving efficient education suitable to his age, ability and aptitude, be liable on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding twenty shillings ", and, in subsection (2), after th£ word " child " in both places where that word occurs there shall be inserted the words " or young person "; in section twenty-eight, in subsection (1), for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (a) until he has attained an age not less than two years below that -at which under the enactments relating to education children cease to be of school age; or ", and in subsection (2), in sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (a), for the words " under the age of twelve years (notwithstanding anything in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection) " there shall be substituted the words "before they attain the age at which employment ceases to be prohibited under paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection "; in section thirty-two, after subsection (3), there shall be inserted the following sub-

section :—

" (3A) A licence granted under this section shall specify the times, if any, during which the child to whom the licence relates may be absent from school for the purposes authorised by the licence, and for the purposes of the enactments relating to education a child who is so absent during any times so specified shall, notwithstanding anything in section three of the Education

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

5i9

Session and

Chapter. «-

[Short Title.]

Nature of Amendment.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 37 —coni.

The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937—cont.

(Scotland) Act, 1901, or in section four of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1936, be deemed to have been granted exemption from the obligation to attend school during the specified

times/';

1 Edw. 8. & The Factories Act, 1 Geo. 6. 1937.

c. 67.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 96.

The Education (Scotland) (War Service Superannuation) Act, 1939.

in section thirty-eight, in subsection (2), for the year " 1936 " there shall be substituted the year *' 1945 ", and for the words "continuation classes " there shall be substituted the words " junior colleges"; in section fifty, for paragraph (ii) of subsection (1), there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (ii) to hear proceedings regarding any child with respect to whom a direction has been given under section twenty-eight of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1945; "; in section sixty-five, in paragraph (e) of subsection (1), after the word " child " there shall be inserted the words " or young person ", and after the word " children " there shall be inserted the words " or young persons "; in section one hundred and one, in subsection (5), for the words " of section forty-five of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, as amended by any subsequent enactment" there shall be substituted the words " of section sixteen of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1945 "; and in section one hundred and ten, in subsection (1) in the definition of " child ", for the words " as provided in section thirty-seven " there shall be substituted the words " in Part III ".

In section one hundred and fifty-six, in subsection (2) in the definition in paragraph (b) of " young person ", for the words " attained the age of fourteen and " there shall be substituted the words "ceased to be a child but", and the words from " but does not include" to the end of the definition shall be omitted.

In section seven the following definition shall be substituted for, and shall be deemed always to have been, the definition of the expression " period of war ser-

• _ _ 1 > ._

4TH SCH

—cont.

520

Ch. 37-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

4TH SCH.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Nature of Amendment.

2 ft 3 Geo. 6. c. 96—cont.

The Education (Scotland) (War Service Superannuation) Act, 1939—cont.

5 ft 6 Geo. 6. c. 5.

The Education (Scotland) Act,

1942.

" Period of war service ' in relation to any person includes— (a) any period during which, though not actually engaged in war service, he is as a result of war service prevented or hindered from procuring work as a teacher; and (6) in the case of a person who, having been admitted or accepted for admission to preliminary training or to a training centre or training college, gives war service before completing his course of training, any period during which, though not actually engaged in war service, he is as a result of war service prevented or hindered from entering upon or completing his course of training:

Provided that a person's period of war service shall not, by virtue of this definition, be extended by a period or periods exceeding in all one year, or such longer period not exceeding two years as the Secretary of State may in any particular case allow In section one the following paragraphs shall be substituted for paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) :—

* (1) When it is brought to the notice of an education authority that a pupil attending a public school in their area is unable by reason of the inadequacy or unsuitability of his clothing to take full advantage of the education provided, the education authority shall make such provision for the pupil for the purpose of ensuring that he is sufficiently and suitably clad as they may deem necessary during such period while the pupil is attending school (including days when the school does not meet) as they may determine.

(2) Where an education authority make provision for a pupil in pursuance of this section, they shall be entitled to recover from the parent of the pupil the expense thereby incurred or, if the authority are satisfied that the parent is unable without financial hardship to pay the

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

521

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Nature of Amendment.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. The Education, whole of that expense, such part

c. 5—coni. (Scotland) Act, 1942—coni. thereof, if any, as he is, in the opinion of the authority able without financial hardship to pay." } and in section three the word " pupil " shall be substituted for the word " child " wherever that word occurs, and in paragraph (b) for the words " under any enactment to make special provision " there shall be substituted the words " to provide special educational treatment".

4TH SCH. — co4

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Obsolete Enactments.

Section 88.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 38.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 37.

12 & 13 Vict, c. 49.

14 & 15 Vict, c. 24.

15 & 16 Vict.

The School Sites Act, 1841.

The School Sites Act, 1844.

The School Sites Act, 1849.

The School Sites Act, 1851.

The School Sites

The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act.

c. 49.

35 & 36 Vict, c. 62.

Act, 1852.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1872.

In section one, the definitions of " parish "," burgh "," parish

school "," burgh school "," subject to inspection" and " teacher "; sections twenty-three to twenty-five, thirty-one to thirty-five, and thirty-eight; in section forty-eight the words from " and the account " to " funds; and "; sections fifty-six to fifty-nine; in section sixty-one the words " out of the school fund "; sections sixty-seven, seventy and seventy-one; in section seventy-five the words from " and such report " to the end of the section; sections seventy-six and seventy-nine.

522

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

5TH Sch.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

36 & 37 Vict. The Highland

c. 53. Schools Act, 1873.

45 & 46 Vict. The Educational

c. 59. Endowments

(Scotland) Act,

1882.

48 & 49 Vict. The Secretary for

c. 61. Scotland Act,

. • 1885.

50 & 51 Vic*. The Technical

c. 64. Schools (Scotland)

Act, 1887.

32 & 53 Vict. The Local Govern-

c. 50. ment (Scotland)

Act, 1889.

60 & 61 Vict. The Education

c. 62. (Scotland) Act,

1897.

1 Edw. 7. c. 9. The Education

In section two the words "for the purposes of the school fund ".

The whole Act except section two, section nineteen (so far as relating to the cost of audit) and sections forty-five and forty-six.

In Part I of the Schedule, the reference to the enactments relating to School Sites.

The whole Act.

Section eighty-five.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

In section three, the words from

8 Edw. 7. c. 63.

8 A 9 Geo. 5. c. 48.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 36.

(Scotland) Act, 1901.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1908.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

The Education (Scotland) Act,

" and if the said school board " to the end of the section.

In section seven, subsection (4); sections thirteen, twenty-two and twenty-six; in section twenty-nine, in subsection (1), the words "from the school fund "; section thirty-two.

In section five, the words from " and all expenses " to county education fund '*; in section thirteen, subsection (1); sections twenty-five and twenty-eight; in section thirty-one, paragraph (2); in the Fourth Schedule, paragraphs 3, and 8 to 11; and in the Fifth Schedule, sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 1, sub-paragraph (e) of paragraph 5 and paragraph 6.

The whole Act.

1930.

1945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37-

523

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Section 89.

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

18 & 19 Vict.

c. 131.

35 & 36 Vict, c. 62.

The School Grants Act. 1855.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1872.

The whole Act.

In section one the definition of " parliamentary grant," "parent" and " public school "; sections five, twenty-six to thirty, thirty-six, thirty-seven, forty, forty-five, fifty-four and sixty-six; and in section sixty-eight the words from " for elementary " to " meeting, and".

41 & 42 Vict, c. 78.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 59-

46 & 47 Vict, c. 56.

53 & 54 Vict, c. 43.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 12.

6 Edw. 7. c. 10. 8 Edw. 7. c. 63.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1878.

The Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1883.

The Education of Blind and Deaf Children (Scotland) Act, 1890.

The Day Industrial Schools (Scotland) Act, 1893.

The Education of Defective Children (Scotland) Act, 1906.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1908.

The whole Act so far as un^epealed.

In section forty-five, the words " and any school sharing in such endowment shall be periodically inspected " and the words " and, except in the case of public or state-aided schools, the cost of such inspection ".

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

Sections four and five; in section seven, subsections (1) ' to (3); sections eight to eleven; in section sixteen, in paragraph (/) of subsection (1), the wonls from " and set forth " to the end of the paragraph; section twenty; in section twenty-four, subsection (1); in section thirty-four, the definitions of " secondary education ", " day school ", " continuation class ", provincial committee " " training centre ", " parent " and

" guardian "; and the First Schedule.

524

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

6th Sch.

—cont.

Session and Chapter.

8 Edw. 7. c. 67

[Short Title.]

The Children Act, 1908.

Extent of Repeal.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

3 A 4 Geo. 5. c. 12.

The Education (Scotland) Act,

The whole Act.

3 A 4 Geo. 5. c. 38.

1913-

The Mental Deficiency and

Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

In section two, in subsection (1), the words "education or for the " and the words from " as the case may require " to the end of the subsection, and subsections (2) and (3); in section three, subsection (2); in section twenty-six, in the first proviso, the words from " of school boards " to " or the

8 A 9 Geo. 5. c. 48.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

powers ".

Sections four, six, eight and ten; in section eleven, subsection (1); sections fourteen and fifteen; in section seventeen, as amended by section sixteen of, and the Schedule to, the Act of 1936, the words "other than a child or

10 A 11 Geo. 5. c. 65.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 55.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 89.

The Employment of Women, Young Persons and Children Act, 1920. The Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act,

1925-

The Education (Scotland) Act,

young person in respect of whom an employment certificate granted under the Education (Scotland) Act, 1936, is in force "; in section eighteen, in subsection (10) the words from " as it applies " to the end of the subsectioit; section twenty-seven; in section thirty-one, paragraph (3); in the Second Schedule, sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 12; in the Fourth Schedule, paragraph 4; in the Fifth Schedule, paragraph 3, and in paragraph 5, sub-paragraphs (a), (b). (c), (d) and (/).

In section four the definition of the expression " child ".

In section seven, in subsection (1), the words "and at the expiration of every subsequent period of seven years ".

Sections four and five.

18 A 19 Geo. 5. c. 28.

18 A 19 Geo. 5. c. 30.

1925*

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1928.

The Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

The whole Act.

In section fifteen, subsection (1); sections thirty-one to thirty-three, thirty-five and thirty-seven; and in section forty-two the definition of the expression " grant-aided school".

*945-

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 37.

525

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

19 & 20 Geo. c. 25.

5-

The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929.

In section twelve, in subsection (3), in paragraph (a), the word " (a) education ", the words from " and all matters " to " the education committee ", and .the words or town " and " as the case may be ", and paragraph (&), and in subsection (7), in paragraph (iii) of the proviso, sub-paragraph (6).

6th Sch.

—cont.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 47.

The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1932-

Section nine.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 8.

The Unemployment Insurance Act, 1935-

Section seventy-six; in section seventy-nine, in subsection (1), the words "and contribute towards the cost of any other authorised courses "; in section eighty, in subsection (1), the words " persons who have not attained the age of eighteen years and of" and the words. " who have attained that age ", and in subsection (2), paragraph (a); in section eighty-three, in subsection (2), the words from "and shall include " to the end of the subsection; in section one hundred and four, in subsection (2), the words " section seventy-eight or "; and section one hundred and twelve.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 42.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1936-

Sections one to three; in section four, in subsection (1) as amended by paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of section one of the Act of 1939, the words " after the day preceding the appointed day"; sections six to nine; in section eleven, the words from " and the insertion" to the end of the section; sections twelve and thirteen; in section seventeen, the definitions of "Act of 1890 ", "Act of 1906", "Deaf" and " Local Committee for Juvenile Employment", and subsection (2); and the Schedule, so far as relating to the amendment of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1878, of the Education of Blind

526

Ch. 37.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

6th Sch.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter.

0

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 42 —cofit.

i Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 37.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1936 —cont.

The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act,

and Deaf-Mute Children (Scotland) Act, 1890, of sections three, sixteen, twenty, twenty-six and thirty-four of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1908, and of sections four, six, ten, fourteen, fifteen and seventeen of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

In section thirty-seven, paragraph (a); and in section thirty-eight, subsections (5) and (6).

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 46.

t Edw. 8 1

Geo. 6. c. 69.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 8.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 112.

I937;

The Physical Training and Recreation Act, 1937-

The Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937.

The Unemployment Insurance Act, 1938.

The Education (Emergency) (Scotland) Act,

Sections one and two; in section three, in subsection (1), the words from " recommendations " to " with ", and the words after considering a recommendation of the grants committee", and in subsection (3) as applied to Scotland by section ten, the words "after consultation with the National Council for Scotland" and the words *' on the recommendation of the grants committee and"; in section eight, subsection (2); and in section ten, in subsection (2), the words from " for any reference ", where they occur for the second time, to " Act in Scotland ", subsection (3), in subsection (4), the proviso, and subsection (10).

In the First Schedule, paragraph 3 of Part II.

Sections one and six.

In section one, subsection (1); in section two, subsection (3); and the Schedule.

1939.

1945-

Local Government

(Boundary Commission) Act, 1935.

Ch. 38.

527

CHAPTER 38.

Local Government (Boundary Commission) Act, 1945. ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Establishment of Local Government Boundary Commission.

2. Power of Commission to alter areas.

3. Exercise of powers of Commission.

4. Supplementary provisions as to orders.

5. Annual report of Commission.

6. Saving for royal prerogative.

7. Saving for municipal corporations.

8. Short title, citation and repeals.

Schedules :

First Schedule.—Constitution and Proceedings of Local Government Boundary Commission.

Second Schedule.—Repeal of certain Provisions of Local Government Act, 1933.

An Act to provide for the establishment of a Local Government Boundary Commission; to make further provision for the alteration of local government areas in England and Wales exclusive of London; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[15th June 1945.

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There shall be established a Local Government Establishment Boundary Commission (in this Act referred to as " the Com- Local mission ") which shall be charged with the duty of reviewing the Boundary0 circumstances of the areas into which England and Wales commission, (exclusive of the administrative county of London) are divided for the purposes of local government, and exercising, where it appears to the Commission expedient so to do, the powers of altering those areas conferred by the following provisions of this Act.

(2) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the constitution and proceedings of the Commission.

(3) The Minister of Health (in this Act referred to as " the Minister") may, after consultation with such associations of local authorities as appear to him to be concerned, make regulations prescribing general principles by which the Commission are to be guided in the exercise of their functions under t his Act, but such regulations shall be of no effect until approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

528

Power of Commission to alter areas.

Exercise of powers of Commission.

Ch. 38. Local Government 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Boundary Commission) Act, 1945.

2. —(1) The Commission shall have power—

(a) to alter or define the boundaries of a county, county

borough or county district;

(b) to unite a county with another county, or a county

borough with another county borough, or to unite a non-county borough with another non-county borough, or an urban or rural district with another district, whether urban or rural, or to include an urban or rural district in a non-county borough or any county district in a county borough;

(c) to divide a county into, between or among two or

more counties or an urban or rural district into two or more districts, whether urban or rural, or between or among two or more areas, whether county boroughs or county districts;

(d) to constitute a borough (either by itself or together with

the whole or any part of another county district) a county borough;

(e) to direct that a county borough shall become a non-county

borough and specify the county in which it is to be included;

(/) to constitute a new urban or rural district, or to convert a rural district into an urban district or an urban district into a rural district;

(g) so far as appears to the Commission to be requisite in connection with any exercise of their powers under the foregoing paragraphs, to alter the boundary between a parish and another parish, to unite a parish with another parish, to divide a parish into, between or among two or more parishes, or to constitute a new parish:

Provided that no part of the administrative county of Middlesex shall be constituted a county borough.

(2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in this Act affects the power of His Majesty to grant a commission of the peace and a court of quarter sessions to any borough, whether constituted in pursuance of this section or otherwise.

(3) References in this Act to the alteration of an area include references to the exercise in relation to the area of any of the powers conferred by subsection (1) of this section.

3. —(1) Where the Minister directs the Commission to take into consideration the question whether any alterations ought to be made under the last foregoing section in respect of any areas of local government, or where the Commission without any such direction consider it desirable so to do, then, subject to the

1945- Local Government Ch. 38.

(Boundary Commission) , 1945.

provisions of this section, they shall take that question into consideration.

(2) If application in that behalf is made to the Commission with respect to—

(a) the area of a county or county borough, by the council thereof; or

(b) the area of a county district, by the council of the county

in which the district is situated,

the Commission shall take into consideration the question whether or not alterations under the last foregoing section ought to b made with respect to the area.

(3) The Commission in considering whether it is desirable to take into consideration the question whether any alterations ought to be made under the last foregoing section in respect of any area of local government, and the Minister or the council of a county in considering whether to give a direction or to make an application under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, shall have regard to any representations made by the council of a county district included in the area in question.

(4) If application in that behalf is made to the Commission by the council of any borough with a population of one hundred thousand or upwards, as estimated by the Registrar-General, the Commission shall take into consideration the question whether or not the power conferred by the last foregoing section of constituting the borough a county borough ought to be exercised.

(5) The Commission shall comply with any direction of the Minister that for the purposes of this section they are to give priority to any area or areas, or class of areas, specified in the direction.

(6) Where the Commission determine that any alteration of areas ought to be made, they shall by order direct that the alteration shall have effect.

(7) Where the Commission determine that no such alteration ought to be made, they shall embody their determination in an order.

(8) Where an order under subsection (6) or (7) of this section relating to any area has come into operation, then, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, the Commission shall not, within ten years after the order came into operation, take into consideration the question of altering that area unless they are satisfied that by reason of a substantial change in the distribution of population or other exceptional circumstances it is desirable so to do.

(9) An order under subsection (6) or (7) of this section relating to a county or a county borough (including an order directing

2 L

530

Ch. 38.

Local Government 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Boundary Commission) Act, 1945.

that a county borough be constituted or that a county borough shall become a non-county borough or embodying a determination that such a direction ought not to be given) shall be provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament.

(10) The procedure in connection with the exercise by the Commission of their functions under this section shall be such as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister and approved by resolution of each House of Parliament, and such regulations—

(a) shall make provision for opportunities for objection by persons likely to be affected by any order proposed to be made under this section, and for securing that, where objections are made by the council of any county, county borough or county district likely to be so affected or in such other circumstances as may be specified in the regulations and are not withdrawn, a local inquiry shall be held before an order is made;

(b) may empower the holding of local inquiries generally for

the purposes of this section, and make provision as to the conduct of local inquiries held in pursuance of the regulations and in particular for limiting the calling of evidence at such inquiries and the manner in which persons may be represented thereat,

and subsections (2) to (5) of section two hundred and ninety of 23 & 24 the Local Government Act, 1933 (which relate to the giving of Geo. 5. c. 51. evidence 0n, and defraying the costs of, local inquiries) shall apply to local inquiries held as aforesaid as they apply to the local inquiries mentioned in subsection (1) of the said section two hundred and ninety.

(n) As soon as may be after the Commission have made such an order as is mentioned in subsection (9) of this section, they shall prepare and transmit to the Minister a statement describing shortly the proceedings leading to the making of the order, summarising any representations made for or against the order, and setting out the considerations which led the Commission to make the order, and the Minister shall lay the statement before Parliament.

(12) In section one hundred and thirty-nine of the Local Government Act, 1933 (under which the power to promote a Bill for the purpose of constituting a borough a county borough is limited to boroughs with a population of seventy-five thousand or upwards), for the words " is seventy-five thousand " there shall be substituted the words "as estimated by the Registrar-General is one hundred thousand.*’

Supplementary provisions as to orders*

4. The supplementary provisions set out in sections one hundred and forty-eight to one hundred and fifty-four and section two hundred and seventy-five of the Local Government

1945-

Local Government

(Boundary Commission) Act, 1945.

Ch. 38.

533

Act, 1933, shall apply in relation to orders under this Act altering an area of local government as if this Act were included in Part VI of that Act (which provides for the alteration of such areas), and as if references in those provisions to the making of an order by the Minister included references to the making of an order by the Commission.

5. As soon as may be after the end of the year nineteen Annual hundred and forty-six and each subsequent year the Commission report of shall prepare and transmit to the Minister a report of their ^""l881011* proceedings for the year in question, and the Minister shall lay

the report before Parliament.

6. The powers conferred by this Act shall be in addition to. Saving for and not in derogation from, the powers exercisable by His Majesty r°yal

by virtue of his royal prerogative. preroga ve.

7. Save as is in this Act provided nothing in this Act shall Saving for prejudicially alter or affect the rights, privileges and immunities municiP^ of any municipal corporation or the operation of any municipalcorpora ons* charter.

8. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Local Government Short title, (Boundary Commission) Act, 1945, and the Local Government Cltati°n and Act, 1933, and this Act may be cited together as the Localrepea Government Acts, 1933 and 1945,

(2) The provisions of the Local Government Act, 1933, specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act, which relate to the matters specified in the second column of that Schedule, are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Section 1.

Constitution and Proceedings of Local Government Boundary Commission.

Constitution,

1. The Commission shall be a body corporate by the name of the Local Government Boundary Commission, and shall consist of a chairman, a deputy chairman and three other members.

2. —(1) The members of the Commission shall be appointed by His Majesty, and shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of their respective appointments.

2 L 2

532

Ch. 38.

Local Government 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(Boundary Commission) Act, 1945.

(2) A person who has ceased to be a member of the Commission shall be eligible for re-appointment.

3. A person shall be disqualified from being appointed to or being a member of the Commission so long as he is a member of the Commons House of Parliament.

4. There shall be paid to a member of the Commission such salary or fees and allowances as may be determined by the Treasury at the time of his appointment.

5. The Commission shall have a common seal, which shall be authenticated by the signature of a member of the Commission or of any other person authorised in that behalf by the Commission.

Capacity and proceedings.

6. The Commission shall have power to act notwithstanding a vacancy among the members thereof, and at any meeting of the Commission three shall be the quorum.

7. All acts done at a meeting of the Commission shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was a defect in the appointment of a person purporting to be a member thereof, be as valid as if the defect had not existed.

8. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, and to any regulations made under this Act or directions given by the Minister under section three of this Act, the procedure of the Commission shall be such as the Commission may from time to time determine.

Officers and servants, and remuneration and expenses.

9. The Commission may appoint a secretary and such number of officers and servants as may be determined by the Commission after consultation with the Minister and with the consent of the Treasury, and there shall be paid to the secretary, officers and servants of the Commission such salaries, fees and allowances as may be so determined. 10

10. The expenses of the Commission, and the salaries, fees and allowances of the members of the Commission and their secretary, officers and servants, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Proof of documents.

11.—(1) Every document purporting to be an instrument made or issued by the Commission and to be duly sealed with the seal of the Commission or to be signed by the secretary, or any person authorised to act in that behalf, shall be received in evidence, and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be an instrument made or issued by the Commission.

(2) Prima facie evidence of any such instrument may in any legal proceedings be given by the production of a document purporting to be certified to be a true copy of the instrument by or on behalf of the secretary.

*945-

Local Government

(Boundary Commission) Act, 1945.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Ch. 38, 39.

533

Repeal of certain Provisions of Local Government Act, 1933.

Provision repealed. Subject matter of provision. Extent of repeal.

s. 140 Alteration of boundaries of counties, boroughs, etc. The whole section.

s. 141 Alteration of urban or rural districts and parishes, etc. In subsection (1). In paragraphs (a) and (6) respectively the words "of an urban or rural district or." In paragraphs (e) and (d) respectively, the words from the beginning to the third or." ~ Paragraph («). In paragraph (/), the words " urban or rural district or."

s. 143 Adjustment of boundaries of counties and county boroughs. The whole section.

s. 146 Review of county districts by county councils. The whole section.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to authorise the use of open space during a limited period for temporary housing accommodation, and for purposes connected therewith.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Minister of Health (in this Act referred to as " the Minister ") may by order authorise a local authority for the purposes of Part V of the Housing Act, 1936, to use for the purposes of the Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act, 1944, land vested in them, or at their disposal, at the passing of this Act which is, or forms part of, an open space:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect during the period of two years beginning with the passing of this Act and no longer.

Section 8.

Power to authorise use of open space during a limited period for temporary housing accommodation.

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8.

c. 51

534

7 & 8 Geo. 6.

c. 36.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 18.

Ch. 39. Housing ( Te8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Accommodation) Act, 1945.

(2) Such an authorisation shall not be given as to any land unless the Minister of Town and Country Planning certifies that he is satisfied that the use as aforesaid of that particular land is expedient in the public interest in consequence of the emergency that was the occasion of the passing of the said Act of 1944 and in the particular circumstances in which the authorisation is sought.

(3) Any such authorisation shall be for a period of not longer than ten years to be specified in the order, and shall be revocable during that period by order of the Minister.

(4) Whilst such an authorisation is in force, the land may be used for the erection thereon of structures made available under section one of the said Act of 1944, for the execution of all works required for that purpose, and for the provision of housing accommodation in such structures erected thereon, notwithstanding—

(a) anything in any enactment relating to open spaces, including any enactment whether public general or local or private, by which any of the land is specially regulated; or

(b) that the use of the land as aforesaid, or the execution

of any such works as aforesaid, involves interference with any easement, liberty, privilege, right or advantage annexed to other land and adversely affecting that land, or breach of any restriction as to the use of the land arising by virtue of any contract;

and any right of way over the land, or other right relating thereto enjoyed by any person, whether by virtue of an interest in the land or otherwise, shall, in so far as the exercise thereof would interfere with the use of the land as aforesaid or the execution of any such works as aforesaid, not be exercisable.

(5) If any other land is injuriously affected by the execution of works under the last preceding subsection on land as to which such an authorisation is given, the local authority shall be subject to the like liability to pay compensation under section sixty-eight of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, in respect of damage sustained by reason thereof as they would have been under if the works had been executed under an enactment incorporating that section on land acquired by them under that enactment.

(6) When such an authorisation ceases to be in force, the local authority shall forthwith take all steps requisite for securing the reinstatement of the land in the state in which it was before the authorisation was given, or in such altered state suited to the use of the land as open space as the Minister may approve; and accordingly subsection (1) of section two of the said Act of 1944, so far as it relates to the Minister’s causing structures to be removed at the request of the local authority at any time after

1945-

Housing (Temporary

Accommodation) Act, 1945.

Ch. 39.

535

the expiration of ten years from the passing of that Act, shall have effect as to structures on land as to which such an authorisation is given with the substitution of a reference to the authorisation's ceasing to be in force for the reference to the expiration of the said ten years.

(7) The reference in section one of the said Act of 1944, and references in the Housing Act, 1936, to land appropriated by a local authority for the purposes of Part V of the Housing Act,

1936, shall be construed as including references to land as to which an authorisation given to the local authority under this section is in force -

Provided that the local authority shall not be entitled by virtue of this subsection to exercise as to any such land as aforesaid any of the powers of sale, leasing and exchange conferred by section seventy-nine of the Housing Act, 1936, as to land appropriated for the purposes of the said Part V.

(8) In this section the expression " open space " has the same meaning as in the Housing Act, 1936, except that it does not include a disused burial ground.

2. The provisions of this Act shall in their application to Application Scotland have effect subject to the following modifications :—to Scotland-

(a) for references to the Minister of Health there shall be

substituted references to the Secretary of State;

(b) in subsection (2) of section one for the words "the Minister of Town and Country Planning certifies that he is satisfied " there shall be substituted the words "the Secretary of State is satisfied ";

(c) for references to the Housing Act, 1936, there shall be

substituted references to the Housing (Scotland) Acts,

1925 to 1938, and for references to Part V of the Housing Act, 1936, there shall be substituted references to Part III of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925; *5 *16 Geo. 5‘

(d) in subsection (4) of section one for the word "easement "

there shall be substituted the word "servitude ", and for the words " any contract " there shall be substituted the words "any deed or contract ";

(e) for any reference to section sixty-eight of the Lands

Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, there shall be substituted a reference to section six of the Railways 8 & 9 Vict. Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845; and c. 33.

(f) for any reference to the powers of sale, leasing and exchange

conferred by section seventy-nine of the Housing Act,

1936, there shall be substituted a reference to the powers of sale, feuing, leasing or excambion conferred by section forty-five of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925.

3. This Act may be cited as the Housing (Temporary Accom- Short title, modation) Act, 1945.

536

Ch. 40.

Postponement of polling day in certain

constituencies. 35 & 36 Vict, c- 33-

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 64.

Postponement of Polling Day

Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 40.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

c. 5.

Short title.

An Act to postpone polling day in certain constituencies at the forthcoming general election.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In the constituencies specified in the Schedule to this Act, the day to be appointed for the poll, under the First Schedule to the Ballot Act, 1872, as amended by section twenty-one of and the Second Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1918, at a general election held in pursuance of a proclamation declaring the calling of a new Parliament issued on the fifteenth day of June, nineteen hundred and forty-five, shall, instead of being the fifth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-five, be—

(a) in the case of a constituency specified in Part I of the said Schedule, the twelfth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-five; and

(6) in the case of the constituency specified in Part II of that Schedule, the nineteenth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

(2) At the said election, notwithstanding the postponement of polling day under this section in the constituencies so specified, the twenty-fifth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-five, shall, in those constituencies as in other constituencies, be taken to be the twentieth day after the close of the poll for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section twenty-eight of the Representation of the People Act, 1945 (which regulates the time for counting the votes).

2. This Act may be cited as the Postponement of Polling Day Act, 1945.

Section i.

SCHEDULE.

CONSTITUENCIES TO WHICH ACT APPLIES.

Part I.

Constituencies in which Polling Day is to be I2TH July, 1945.

Parliamentary Borough. Division (if any).

Barrow-in-Furness —

Bolton —

1945* Postponement of Polling Day Cb. 40,41.

Act, ^945.

Parliamentary Borough. Division (if any).

Carlisle ■f—

Edinburgh Central. East. ft North.- South. West.

Greenock —

Leith ‘ —

Morpeth

Stirling and Falkirk district of Burghs ... —

Warrington —

Parliamentary County. Division (if any).

Berwick and Haddington —

Chester Crewe.

Lancaster Darwen. Famworth. Lonsdale.

Midlothian and Peebles Northern. Peebles and Southern.

Renfrew Western.

Stirling and Clackmannan Clackmannan and Eastern,

Part II.

Constituency in which Polling Day is to be 19TH July, 1945.

Parliamentary Borough.

Nelson and Colne.

CHAPTER 41.

Family Allowances Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Grant of family allowances.

Section.

1. Direction for payment, and amount, of allowances.

2. Meaning of " child."

3. Meaning of " family."

4. Persons to whom allowances are to be paid.

Claims, duration of allowances, and payment.

5. Determination of questions as to right to allowances. 0. Period for which allowances are to accrue.

7. Method of payment, and time for obtaining payment.

6. Adjustment of over-payments.

9. Penalty for obtaining or receiving payment wrongfully.

10. Allowances to be inalienable.

538

Direction for payment, and amount, of allowances.

Meaning of " child/*

Ch. 41. Family Allowances 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Exclusion and adjustments in certain circumstances.

Section.

11. Exclusion of children removed from control of parents.

12. Exclusion of children for whom orphans’ pensions are paid.

13. Adjustment in case of children for whom supplementary allowances,

etc. are paid under certain provisions.

14. Adjustment in case of children for whom equivalent benefits are

provided under provisions relating to the services and to war injury.

15. Adjustments in respect of outdoor relief, etc.

Administrative provisions.

16. Obtaining of information as to births, marriages and deaths.

17. Regulations of the Minister.

18. Provisions as to legal proceedings.

19. Exemption from stamp duty.

20. Administrative expenses.

Interpretation.

21. Provisions as to certain special circumstances affecting the operation

of s. 3.

22. Meaning of *' providing for a child.

23. Definitions.

Extent, commencement, and short title.

24. Limitation of extent of application of Act.

25. Provisions as to reciprocal arrangements with other parts of His

Majesty’s dominions.

26. Application to Scotland.

27. Provision as to Northern Ireland.

28. Commencement.

29. Short title.

Schedule.

An Act to provide for the payment of family allowances.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant of family allowances.

1. Subject to the provisions of this Act, there shall be paid by the Minister, out of moneys provided by Parliament, for every family which includes two or more children and for the benefit of the family as a whole, an allowance in respect of each child in the family other than the elder or eldest at the rate of five shillings a week.

2.—(1) A person shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a child—

(a) during any period whilst he or she is under the upper limit of the compulsory school age; and

1945-

Family Allowances

Act, 1945.

Ch. 41.

539

(b) during any period before the first day of August next

following the day on which he or she attains the age of sixteen years whilst he or she is undergoing full-time instruction in a school, or is an apprentice.

(2) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the upper limit of the compulsory school age means the

age that is for the time being that limit by virtue of section thirty-five of the Education Act, 1944, together 7 & 8 Geo. 6. with any Order in Council made under that section or c. 31. any order made under subsection (3) of section one hundred and eight of that Act;

(b) a person who at any time attains the upper limit of the

compulsory school age shall not be treated as being under that limit at any time thereafter, notwithstanding any subsequent change in that limit;

(c) a person who becomes an apprentice after an interval

of not more than one month from attaining the upper limit of the compulsory school age, or from ceasing to undergo full-time instruction in a school, shall be treated as having been an apprentice throughout the interval.

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, each of the Meaning of following shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as con- " family stituting a family, that is to say—

(a) a man and his wife living together, any child or children

being issue of theirs, his or hers, and any child or children being maintained by them;

(b) a man not having a wife or not living together with his

wife, any child or children being issue of his, and any child or children being maintained by him; and

(c) a woman not having a husband or not living together with her husband, any child or children being issue of hers, and any child .or children being maintained by her.

In this Act the expression " issue" means issue of the first generation.

(2) It shall be a condition of a child’s being treated as included in a family as being issue of the man and his wife or one of them, of the man, or Of the woman (according as the family falls within paragraph (a), (6) or (c> of subsection (1) of this section) that the child is living with them, with him or with her, as the case may be, or, if not, that the cost of providing for the child is contributed to by them taken together, by him, or by her, as the case may be, at the rate of five shillings a week or more.

(3) The provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the circumstances in which a man and his wife living together, or such a man or woman as is mentioned in paragraph

540

Ch. 41.

Family Allowances

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Persons to whom allowances are to be paid.

1 Edw. 8.

1 Geo. 6. c. 58.

Determination of questions as to right to allowances.

(b) or (c) of subsection (1) of this section, is to be treated as maintaining a child; and for determining as between parents and persons maintaining children, or as between one parent of a child and the other, in what family a child is to be treated as included.

4. —(1) Allowances for any family shall belong—

(a) in the case of the family of a man and his wife living

together, to the wife, subject however to the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of this section;

(b) in the case of the family of such a man as is mentioned

in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of the last preceding section, to him;

(c) in the case of the family of such a woman as is mentioned

in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of the last preceding section, to her.

(2) Sums to be paid on account of an allowance for the family of a man and his wife living together shall be receivable either by the man or by the wife.

(3) If in the case of a man and his wife living together a court of summary jurisdiction is satisfied on a representation made to the court by way of complaint by either of them, or by the Minister or the local authority, that one of them is not, as against the other, a proper recipient of allowances for their family, the court may order that sums on account of allowances for their family becoming receivable after the expiration of fourteen days from the date of the order shall, notwithstanding anything in the last preceding subsection, be receivable, as between them, by the other only, and any order made under this subsection may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order of a court of summary jurisdiction on a representation made as aforesaid.

(4) The Summary Procedure (Domestic Proceedings) Act, 1937, shall apply to proceedings under the last preceding subsection as if such proceedings were included in the proceedings specified in the Schedule to that Act.

(5) It shall be the duty of a court of summary jurisdiction to send notification to the Minister of any order made by them under subsection (3) of this section as soon as may be after the order is made.

(6) The local authority for the purposes of subsection (3) of this section shall be, in the case of a county borough, the borough council, and elsewhere the county council.

Claims, duration of allowances, and payment.

5. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and in accordance with regulations made thereunder, all claims for or in respect of allowances shall be made to the Minister, and any question as to

1945-

Family Allowances

Act, 1945.

Ch. 41.

54i

the right to an allowance in respect of any person for any family shall be decided by him.

(2) If any person is dissatisfied by the award or decision of the Minister in respect of an allowance (whether as made or given or as revised under the next succeeding subsection), the question shall, on application being made in such manner and within such time as may be prescribed* be referred to one or more referees selected from a panel, and the decision of the referee or referees shall be final:

Provided that—

(a) this subsection shall not apply to a decision given by

the Minister as respects any matter which by this Act is to be within his discretion, or to be certified by him, or for deciding an issue which by this Act depends on any facts being shown to his satisfaction;

(b) the provisions of section nine of the Arbitration Act, 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

1934 (which relates to the statement of cases for the c- I4> decision of the court), shall apply in relation to a reference under this section, with the substitution for references in that section to an arbitrator and to his award of references to a referee or referees and to his or their decision.

(3) The Minister may at any time and from time to time revise any award made or decision given by him under this Act, if it appears to him that the award or decision was erroneous either in view of further information which has been brought to his notice since the date on which it was made or given as to the circumstances existing at the time by reference to which it was made or given, or by reason of some mistake having been made with respect to those circumstances or to the law:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to an award or decision relating to a matter which has been referred under this section, or until the time has expired for making an application to have the matter to which the award or decision relates so referred, unless the person on whose application the reference was made, or who is entitled to apply to have the matter referred, as the case may be, consents, and this subsection shall not apply to an award made by the Minister for the purpose of giving effect to a decision given by a referee or referees, unless the person to whom the allowance in question belongs consents.

(4) If in any case in which a decision has been given by a referee or referees with respect to a matter referred under this section it appears to the Minister that the decision might properly be reconsidered in view either of further information which has been brought to his notice since the date on which it was given as to the circumstances existing at the time by reference to which it was given, or of any apparent inconsistency between the decision and

542 Ch. 41. Family Allowances 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

1945.

any other decision subsequently given either by the court or by a referee or referees, he may cause the decision to be referred to one or more referees selected from the panel aforesaid, and he or they may revise the decision.

(5) The mode and terms of appointment of persons to be members of the said panel, the mode of selecting a referee or referees therefrom for the purpose of any particular reference, and the procedure to be followed on a reference, shall be such as may be prescribed, and the regulations prescribing the procedure may apply for the purposes of any reference any of the provisions of the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934, and may exclude the application of any other provisions of those Acts (except the provisions of section nine of the Arbitration Act, 1934, applied by subsection (2) of this section).

(6) The Minister may pay to the members of the said panel such remuneration (whether by way of salaries or by way of fees) and such travelling and other allowances, including compensation for loss of remunerative time, and may pay such other expenses in connection with references under this section and of the attendance of persons at proceedings thereon, as the Minister with the approval of the Treasury may determine.

6.—(1) An allowance shall be for a continuous period ascertained under the subsequent provisions of this section, and any award of an allowance shall be made accordingly.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding section, an allowance awarded shall begin to accrue—

(a) if the claim was made within six months from the date of entitlement, on the date of entitlement; or

(b) if the claim was not made within six months from the date of entitlement, then at the beginning of the period of six months immediately preceding the date on which the claim was made :

Provided that, if the award is a revised award made by the Minister in view of further information brought to his notice or an award made for giving effect to a revised decision given by a referee or referees in view of such information, this subsection shall have effect as if the claim had been made on the date on which that information was brought to his notice, and the Minister may for the purposes of this proviso certify the date on which information was brought to his notice.

In this subsection the expression " date of entitlement " means, in relation to an allowance awarded in respect of any person as being a child included in any family, the date on which all the requirements of this Act and of any relevant regulations for the existence of a right to an allowance in respect of that person for that family became satisfied, or if when the award was made

Period for which allowances are to , accrue.

1945-

Family Allowances

Act, 1945.

Ch. 41.

543

those requirements had become satisfied more than once, the date on which they last became satisfied.

(3) An allowance awarded in respect of any person as being a child included in the family of a man and his wife shall be awarded not only for their family but also, with effect after the death of either of them whilst they are living together, for any family for the time being of the survivor, or of the survivor and a spouse of his or hers.

(4) Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding section, an allowance awarded in respect of any person shall terminate when any of the requirements of this Act or of any relevant regulations for the existence of a right to an allowance in respect of that person ceases to be satisfied, or that person is no longer included in a family for which the allowance was awarded, or any of the requirements of this Act or of any relevant regulations for the existence of a right to an allowance for such a family in which that person is included ceases to be satisfied, whichever first occurs.

(5) When it appears to the Minister that an allowance awarded is about to terminate, or has terminated, under this section, he shall take all necessary steps for stopping payments on account thereof on its termination or so soon as may be practicable thereafter, and the stopping of payments on account.of an allowance under this subsection shall be treated for the purposes of the last preceding section as a decision of the Minister that the allowance has terminated.

7. —(1) Allowances shall be payable by sums on account Method of

thereof receivable at such times, in such manner, whether through and

the Post Office or otherwise, and subject to such conditions, as obtaining may be prescribed. payment.

(2) The right to so much of an allowance as is payable by a sum on account thereof made receivable (whether unconditionally or subject to satisfaction of any prescribed conditions) on any day shall be extinguished at the expiration of six months from that day if payment thereof has not been obtained during that period.

(3) The regulations to be made for the purposes of this section may make provision for securing that the beginning of accruer of allowances shall coincide with a day in the week on which sums on account of allowances made receivable weekly are to become receivable, and that the termination of allowances shall coincide with a day next before such a day.

8. —(1) If it is found at any time that a sum has been paid as Adjustment

on account of an allowance being a sum which was not properly of over' payable, the Minister may require it to be repaid,— paymen

(a) if it was paid to a person as in his or her own right, by that person, or

544 C.h. 41. Family Allowances 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(b) if it was paid to a person as on behalf of another, either by that person or by that other person :

Provided that the Minister shall not require repayment by a person who is shown to his satisfaction to have acted in good faith in all respects as to the obtaining and receipt of the sum in question.

(2) In the case of a sum paid as on account of an allowance for the family of a man and his wife living together which the wife could under the preceding subsection be required to repay, the husband may be required to repay it.

(3) If it is found at any time that a sum properly payable on account of an allowance has been paid to a person not being a person by whom it was properly receivable, the Minister may require it to be repaid by the person to whom it was paid :

Provided that the Minister shall not require repayment by a person who is shown to his satisfaction to have acted in good faith in all respects as to the obtaining and receipt of the sum in question.

(4) In case of the death of a person who could be required to repay a sum under this section, the Minister may require it to be repaid by his or her personal representative.

(5) Any sum which a person is required under this section to repay to the Minister may, without prejudice to the recovery thereof as a debt due to the Crown, be recovered by the Minister summarily as a civil debt, and proceedings for the summary recovery as a civil debt of any such sum may, notwithstanding anything in any Act to the contrary, be brought at any time within twelve months from the time when that sum was paid, or, where the proceedings are for the recovery of a consecutive series of sums, within twelve months from the date on which the last sum of the series was paid.

(6) Any sum which a person is required under this section to repay to the Minister may, without prejudice to any other remedy, be recovered by means of deductions from any other sum receivable on account of any allowance by the person to whom the sum was paid, unless it was paid to that person as on behalf of another, and in that case it may, without prejudice to any other remedy, be recovered by means of deductions from any other sum receivable on account of any allowance by that other person.

(7) If, after an allowance in respect of a child has been awarded for one family, facts are brought to the Minister’s notice from which it appears that the child was in fact not included in that family, but was included in another family, during a period for which sums have been paid as on account of the allowance awarded, and a subsequent award is made of an allowance in respect of the child for that other family so as to accrue during

1945* Family Allowances Ch. 41. 545

Act, 1945.

that period or any part thereof, sums on account of the allowance awarded for that other family shall be payable only—

(a) for the period after such date as may be certified by the Minister as being the earliest reasonably practicable for taking the necessary action in view of the said facts for stopping payments as on account of the allowance for the first-mentioned family; and

(b) for any period before that date in respect of which payment

of sums as on account of the allowance for the first-mentioned family-has not been made, or in respect of which payment has been so made but of sums which have been repaid or recovered under this section.

9. If any person— Penalty for

(a) with intent to obtain any sum as on account of an allowance, or

either as in that person’s own right or as on behalf of payment another, furnishes any information which he or she wrongfully, knows to be false in a material particular, or recklessly furnishes any information which is false in a material particular, or withholds any material information; or

(b) obtains or receives any sum as on account of an allowance,

either as in that person’s own right or as on behalf of another, knowing that it was not properly payable, or not properly receivable by him or her;

that person shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine. 10 11 *

10. —(1) Every assignment of or charge on, and every agreement Allowances to to assign or charge, an allowance or any part of an allowance be inalienable, or any sum to be paid on account of an allowance, shall be void,

and on the bankruptcy of a person to whom an allowance belongs or by whom sums on account of an allowance are receivable, no rights in respect of the allowance or of any sum to be paid on account thereof shall pass to any trustee or other person acting on account of the creditors.

(2) Sums receivable by any person on account of an allowance shall not be included in calculating his means for the purposes of section five of the Debtors Act, 1869. 32 & 33 Vict.

c. 62.

Exclusion and adjustments in certain circumstances.

11. —(1) A child shall not, for the purposes of this Act, be Exclusion of

treated as included in any family as respects any period— removed from

(a) during which his or her detention in an approved school control of °m is authorised by an order made or deemed to be made parents, under any provision of the Children and Young Persons 23 & 24 Geo. 5. Act, 1933, or by virtue of section seventy-three or c. 12. seventy-four of that Act, and the child is not absent from the school on licence;

2 M

546

Ch. 41.

Family Allowances

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 17.

Exclusion of children for whom orphans’ pensions are naid.

36 Geo. 3. & i Edw. 8. c. 33.

Adjustment in case of children for whom supplementary allow ances, &c. are paid under certain provisions.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 47.

6 & 7 Geo. 6 c. 49.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 8.

7 & 8 Geo. 6 c. 42.

(b) during which there is in force an order under subsection

(2) of section sixty-nine of that Act committing the child to custody in any place to which he or she might be committed on remand;

(c) during which the child is liable to be detained by virtue of section fifty-three of that Act and is not discharged on licence.

(2) A child shall not, for the purposes of this Act, be treated as included in any family as respects any period during which there is in force an order under the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, committing him or her to the care of a local authority.

(3) A child in respect of whom there is in force a resolution under subsection (1) of section fifty-two of the Poor Law Act, 1930, of the council of a county or county borough, or of a joint committee established by an order under section three of that Act, shall not, for the purposes of this Act, be treated as included in any family:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect as respects any period during which the child is permitted by virtue of the proviso to subsection (1) of the said section fifty-two or of an order under subsection (2) of that section of a court of summary jurisdiction to be, either permanently or temporarily, under the control of a person or body other than the council or joint committee.

12. A child in respect of whom an orphan's pension is being paid under the Widows', Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1936, shall not be treated as included in any family. 13

13. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in—

(a) the Workmen's Compensation (Supplementary Allowances) Act, 1940, or the Workmen's Compensation (Temporary Increases) Act, 1943;

(b)subsection (1) of section thirty-seven of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1935, or section three of the Unemployment Insurance (Increase* of Benefit) Act, . 1944; or

(c) paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one of the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1936;

a supplementary allowance, an increase in weekly rate of benefit, or an additional allowance, which would otherwise be payable in respect of a child under any of those enactments shall not be payable in respect of any week beginning after the coming into force of section one of this Act if at the beginning of that week an award of an allowance under this Act in respect of the child has been made:

1945-

Family Allowances

Act, 1945.

Ch. 41.

547

Provided that that supplementary allowance, increase or additional allowance, shall become payable in respect of any such week as aforesaid if and when it has been found by revision of the award, or by an express decision under section five' of this Act, that the allowance under this Act awarded in respect of the child did not accrue during any part of that week and, in the case of an award or of a decision of the Minister, the time for making an application to have the matter referred under that section has expired or the matteF has been referred thereunder and the Minister’s award or decision has been affirmed.

(2) Where a supplementary allowance, an' increase in weekly rate of benefit, or an additional allowance, has been paid in respect of a child under any of the enactments aforesaid in respect of any period before the making of an award of an allowance under this Act in respect of the child, the Minister may in his discretion treat any sums which may subsequently become receivable on account of the allowance so far as accruing during that period as reduced for the purposes of this Act by an amount not exceeding such an amount as he is satisfied to have been paid as aforesaid by way of supplementary allowance,. increase or additional allowance, under any of those enactments, and—

(a) where the payment was by way of such a supplementary

allowance as aforesaid, the Minister may pay any amount by which the sums becoming so receivable are treated as reduced to the person by whom the supplementary allowance was paid;

(b) where the payment was by way of such increase or additional allowance as aforesaid, the Minister may make, in respect of any amount by which the sums becoming so receivable are treated as reduced, such adjustment in account or payment into the Unemployment Fund, the Pensions Account, the Pensions (Scotland) Account, the Special Pensions Account, or the Special Pensions (Scotland) Account, as appears to him to be requisite.

(3) Subsection (1) of section three of the Workmen’s Compensation (Supplementary Allowances) Act, 1940, shall have effect with the substitution for the words " Any employer against whom a claim for supplementary allowances is made may by notice in writing require the workman to make a declaration in such form as may be prescribed by the Minister of National Insurance and containing such information as may be necessary for the purposes of this Act as to any children in respect of whom allowances are claimed " of the words "It shall be the duty of an employer against whom a claim for supplementary allowances is made by notice in writing to require the workman to make a declaration in such form as may be prescribed by the Minister of National Insurance and containing such information as may be

2 M 2

548 Ch. 41. Family Allowances 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

so prescribed as to any children of his/' and it shall be the duty of an employer to transmit to the Minister a copy of any declaration made to him by a workman under the said subsection (1).

(4) The committee of management of, or other the person administering, a scheme duly certified under subsection (1) of 15 & 16 Geo. 5. section thirty-one of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, c’ 4* by the Registrar of Friendly Societies may submit to the Registrar

proposals for amending the scheme with respect to the benefits thereunder in respect of children, and the Registrar, if satisfied that the effect of amending the scheme in accordance with the proposals will not be to render the benefits under the scheme , (after discounting any additional benefits arising as a result of contributions by the workmen) less favourable to the workmen than the benefits provided by the Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1925 to 1943, may amend the scheme accordingly, and the certificate given by him in respect of the scheme shall continue to apply to the amended scheme.

Adjustment 14.—(1) The following provision shall have effect as respects

in case of allowances under this Act which apart from such provision would

who^equiva- accrue during any period before such date as may be certified lent benefits by the Treasury as the date on which a revision has taken effect are provided of the scales of emoluments and other benefits to be paid in respect under pro- of the service of a member of the naval, military or air forces of the Crown (including such nursing or other auxiliary service as may ke prescribed), that is to say, if the Minister is satisfied that

provision has been made, by an authority by whom allowances or other additions to emoluments in respect of that period are payable in respect of any children by reference to such service as aforesaid, for the giving in respect of those children and of that period of benefits, in addition to those allowances or other additions to emoluments, equivalent to the benefits conferred by this Act in respect of those children and of that period, he may make regulations for withholding the allowances under this Act which would otherwise accrue in respect of those children during that period.

(2) The preceding subsection shall apply in relation to a revision of the scales of benefits to be paid—

(a) in respect of the disablement or death of persons who have served in any of the said forces, or

(b) under any scheme made by virtue of the Injuries in War (Compensation) Act, 1914, the Injuries in War Compensation Act, 1914 (Session 2), the Injuries in War (Compensation) Act, 1915, the Government War Obligations Acts, 1914 to 1916, the Personal Injuries (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939, or the Pensions (Navy, Army, Air Force and Mercantile Marine) Act, 1939, either as originally enacted or as amended by the Pensions (Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942,

LKJ U1C SCI V1CCO

and to war injury.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 30.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 18.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 24.

a & 3 Geo. 6. c. 82.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 83.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

c. 26.

1945* Family Allowances Ch. 41. 549

Act, 1945.

with the substitution, for references to allowances or other additions to emoluments payable by reference to such service as is mentioned in the preceding subsection, of references to allowances or other additions payable by reference to such disablement or death as aforesaid, or under any such scheme as aforesaid, as the case may be.

(3) Regulations made for the purposes of this section shall be of no effect until approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

15.—(1) Where— Adjustments

(a) outdoor relief, or an allowance under the Unemployment ^doo^reUef

Assistance Acts, 1934 to 1940 (in this section referred etc to as an "unemployment allowance"), or a supplementary pension under Part II of the Old Age and Widows' Pensions Act, 1940, is granted to or on account 3 & 4 Geo. 6. of any person in respect of any period, and c. 13.

(b) that person subsequently becomes entitled to receive in

respect of the same period sums on account of an allowance under this Act, .

the Minister may in his discretion treat the said sums as reduced for the purposes of this Act by an amount not exceeding the amount of any reduction which the authority granting the relief, or the Assistance Board, as the case may be, certify that they would have made in the relief, unemployment allowance or pension, as the case may be, if those sums had been receivable by that person during that period.

(2) Where under this section the Minister treats sums on account of an allowance as reduced in respect of outdoor relief, he may pay to the authority granting the relief an amount equal to that by which those sums are treated as reduced.

Administrative provisions.

16.—(1) Regulations made by the Registrar General under the Obtaining of Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1929, may provide 88

for the furnishing by superintendent registrars and registrars, ^f^ages and subject to the payment of such fee as may be prescribed by the death* regulations, of such information for the purposes of this Act, including copies or extracts from the registers in their custody, as may be so prescribed.

(2) Where the age, marriage or death of a person is required to be ascertained or proved for the purposes of this Act, any person shall, on presenting to the custodian of the register under the enactments relating to the registration of births, marriages and deaths wherein particulars of the birth, marriage or death, as the case may be, of the first-mentioned person are entered, a

550

Regulations of the Minister.

Ch. 41. Family Allowances 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

duly completed requisition in writing in that behalf, and on payment of a fee of—

(a) sixpence, in the case of a requisition relating to particulars of a birth, and

(b) one shilling, in the case of a requisition relating to

particulars of a marriage or death,

be entitled to obtain a copy, certified under the hand of the custodian, of the entry of those particulars.

(3) Requisitions for the purposes of the last preceding subsection shall be in such form and contain such particulars as may from time to time be specified by the Registrar General, and suitable forms thereof shall, on request, be supplied without charge by every superintendent registrar and registrar.

(4) In this section the expression " Registrar General" means the Registrar General of births, deaths and marriages and the expressions " superintendent registrar " and " registrar " mean, • respectively, a superintendent registrar and registrar for the purposes of the enactments relating to the registration of births, deaths and marriages.

17.—(1) The Minister, in conjunction with the Treasury so far as relates to matters with respect to which the Treasury so direct, and in conjunction with the Postmaster General so far as relates to the Post Office, may make regulations for prescribing anything which under this Act is to be prescribed and generally for carrying this Act into effect, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of this subsection,—

(a) for prescribing the manner in which claims to allowances may be made;

(b) for specifying the circumstances in which a person is to

be treated for the purposes of this Act as undergoing full-time instruction in a school or full-time training;

(c) for authorising in such cases as may be prescribed the

payment of any sum as on account of an allowance during any period intervening between the making of any claim or the referring of any question and the final determination of the claim or question;

(d) for enabling a person to be appointed to exercise, on

behalf of a claimant, or of a person to or by whom an allowance belongs or is receivable, who may be or become unable for the time being to act, any right or power which that claimant or person may be entitled to exercise under this Act, and for authorising a person so appointed to receive any sum on account of an allowance on behalf of that claimant or person;

(e) for imposing upon persons to whom allowances belong or

by whom or on whose behalf sums on account of allowances

Ch. 41.

55i

Family Allowances

Act, 1945.

are receivable the duty to furnish to the Minister information of facts affecting the right thereto;

for making provision, in connection with the death of persons who had made claims for allowances or to whom allowances belonged or by whom sums on account of allowances were receivable, for enabling such claims to be proceeded with, for extending the period limited by section seven of this Act for obtaining payment of such sums, for authorising payment or distribution of such sums to or amongst persons claiming as personal representatives, legatees, next of kin or creditors of such persons (or, in cases of illegitimacy of deceased persons, to or amongst others), and for dispensing with strict proof of the title of persons so claiming.

(2) Any regulations made under this Act by the Minister, other than regulations made for the purposes of section fourteen of this Act, shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made and if either House of Parliament, within the period of forty days beginning with the date on which any such regulations are laid before it, resolves that the regulations shall be annulled, the regulations shall thereupon cease to have effect, but without prejudice to anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(3) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not 56 & 57 Vict, apply to any regulations made by the Minister under this Act. c. 66.

(4) If any person contravenes or fails to comply - with any requirement of regulations made under this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

18.—(1) Proceedings for an offence under this Act shall not be Provisions instituted in England except by or with the consent of the Minister 33 or by an officer authorised in that behalf by special or general proceedings' directions of the Minister.

(2) Proceedings for the summary recovery as a civil debt of a sum due to the Minister under this Act may be instituted by an officer authorised in that behalf by special or general directions of the Minister.

(3) An officer authorised in that behalf by special or general directions of the Minister may, although not of counsel or a solicitor, prosecute or conduct any such proceedings as aforesaid before a court of summary jurisdiction.

(4) Proceedings for an offence under this Act may be commenced at any time within the period of three months from the date on

1945.

(/)

552

Ch. 41.

Family Allowances

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

which evidence, sufficient in the opinion of the Minister to justify a prosecution for the offence, comes to his knowledge, or within the period of twelve months from the date on which the offence was committed, whichever period last expires, and for the purposes of this subsection a certificate purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Minister as to the date on which such evidence as aforesaid came to his knowledge, shall be conclusive evidence thereof.

Exemption 19. Stamp duty shall not be chargeable upon a draft or order from stamp for the payment of a sum on account of an allowance, or upon

duty* a receipt given for, or on the payment of, any such sum.

Administrative 20. Any expenses incurred in the administration of this Act, expenses. to such extent as may be sanctioned by the Treasury, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Provisions as to certain special

circumstances affecting the operation of s. 3.

Interpretation.

21.—(1) A man and his wife shall not be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be living otherwise than together unless they are permanently living in separation either by agreement or under an order of a court, or one of them has deserted the other and the separation which is incident to the desertion has not come to an end.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a child being legitimate issue of a deceased spouse of any person by an earlier marriage of the deceased spouse to another shall be treated as issue of that person, and a child being illegitimate issue of a deceased spouse of any person shall be treated as issue of that person so far as regards any period during which the child is living with that person:

Provided that the preceding provisions of this subsection shall not have effect in a case in which the marriage between the person in question and his or her deceased spouse was terminated otherwise than by the deceased spouse's death.

(3) Where a child bom before the marriage of the child’s parents has been legitimated by virtue of the subsequent marriage of the parents', the child shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be issue of the marriage.

(4) For the purposes of this Act, an adopted child within the

16 & 17 Geo. 5. meaning of the Adoption of Children Act, 1926, or the Adoption c. 29. of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, shall be treated as if the child

20 & 21 Geo. 5. were legitimate issue of the adopter, or, if the child was adopted c 37‘ by two spouses jointly, or by one of two spouses after their

marriage, as if the child were legitimate issue of their marriage, and shall not be treated as being issue of any other person.

(5) An illegitimate child shall not be treated for the purposes of this Act as being issue of the child’s father.

1945- Family Allowances Ch. 41. 553

Act, 1945.

(6) References in this Act to the parents, a parent, the father, or the mother of a child, or to an illegitimate child, shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of the four last preceding subsections.

(7) A child shall not be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have ceased to live with a person by reason of any temporary absence, and in particular by reason of absence at any school, and a person who has been contributing at any rate to the cost of providing for a child, or has been maintaining a child, shall not be treated as having ceased so to contribute, or to maintain the child, by reason of any temporary interruption or reduction of his contribution to the cost of providing for the child, and the question whether any such absence (other than at a school), interruption or reduction is or is not to be treated as temporary for the said purposes shall be determined by reference to such rules as may be prescribed.

(8) For the purposes of this Act, a person shall be deemed according to the law in England and Wades, as well as according to the law in Scotland, not to have attadned the age of sixteen until the commencement of the sixteenth anniversary of the day of his birth, and similarly with respect to other ages.

22. —(1) In this Act the expression " providing for" a child Meaning of mearns making available for the child food, clothing, lodging," P^viAing education and all other things reasonably required for the child's tor a benefit having regard to adl the circumstauices.

(2) For the purposes of this Act-

fa) the making available in kind of amything used for providing for a child shall be treated as a contribution to the cost of providing for the child of an amount equal to the value thereof;

(b) money paid or a thing made available in kind shall be treated as contributed by any person so far, and so far only, as it is paid or made available at that person’s own expense or out of property belonging to that person beneficially. 23

23. In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, Definitions, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" allowance" means an allowance under this Act;

" apprentice" means a person undergoing full-time training for any trade, business, profession, office, employment or vocation, and not in receipt of earnings which provide him, wholly or substantially, with a livelihood;

" the Minister" means the Minister of National Insurance.

554

Ch. 41.

Family Allowances

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Limitation oi extent of application of Act.

Extent, commencement, and short title.

. 24.—(1) It shall be a condition of the right to any allowance for the family of a man and his wife living together that either—

(a) the man is a British subject whose place of birth is in

the United Kingdom, or, if not,

(b) such requirements as to nationality, residence, place of

birth or other matters as may be prescribed are satisfied as respects the man, or his wife, or either or both of them, according as may be provided by regulations;

and the like condition shall apply in the case of the family of such a man as is jnentioned in paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section three of this Act subject to the limitation that requirements may be prescribed as respects the man only, and in the case of the family of such a woman as is mentioned in paragraph (c) of that subsection with the substitution for the reference to the man in paragraph (a) of this subsection of a reference to the woman and subject to the limitation that requirements may be prescribed as respects the woman only.

(2) It shall be a condition of the right to any allowance for the family of a man and his wife living together that each or one of them is in Great Britain, and the like condition shall apply in the case of the family of such a man as is mentioned in paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of section three of this Act as respects the man, and in the case of the family of such a woman as is mentioned in paragraph (c) of that subsection as respects the woman.

(3) It shall be a condition of a child’s being treated as a member of any family that the child is in Great Britain.

(4) For the purposes of the two last preceding subsections the temporary presence of a person in Great Britain or the temporary absence of a person therefrom shall be disregarded, and the question whether the presence or absence of a person is or is not to be treated as temporary for the said purposes shall be determined by reference to such rules as may be prescribed.

(5) Sums to be paid on account of allowances shall be payable only in Great Britain.

Provisions as to reciprocal arrangements with other parts of His Majesty's dominions.

25.—(1) Where any scheme of family allowances appearing to the Minister to be one substantially corresponding to the scheme established by this Act is in force by virtue of legislative enactment in any other country being a part of His Majeisty’s dominions outside Great Britain, the Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, make reciprocal arrangements with the authority administering the scheme of that other country as respects the conditions mentioned in the last preceding section on the one hand and any conditions limiting the extent of the scheme of that other country on the other hand.

1945-

Family Allowances

Act, 1945.

Ch. 41.

555

(2) Any such arrangements may include provision for the modification or adaptation of the respective schemes in relation to or in connection with persons affected by the arrangements, and regulations made under this Act may provide for such modification or adaptation of the provisions of this Act as may appear to the Minister to be requisite for giving effect to the arrangements or in consequence thereof, and for any necessary financial adjustments.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the expression " His Majesty’s dominions " includes British Protectorates and Protected States and any territory in respect of which a mandate has been accepted by His Majesty and is being exercised by the Government of any part of His Majesty’s dominions.

26.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for the Application purpose of the application of this Act to Scotland. to Scotland.

(2) For any reference to a county borough there shall be substituted a reference to a large burgh within the meaning of the

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, and any other burgh 19 & 20 Geo. 5. shall be deemed to be included within the county in which it is c- 25-situated; jor any reference to a court of summary jurisdiction there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff; and for any reference to the bankruptcy of a person there shall be substituted a reference to the sequestration of the estate of a person.

(3) For references to the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, and to sections fifty-three, sixty-nine, seventy-three and seventy-four thereof, there shall be substituted respectively references to

the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, and to 1 Edw. 8 & sections fifty-seven, seventy-three, seventy-seven and seventy- 1 Geo. 6-c- 37-eight thereof; for any reference to section five of the Debtors Act,

1869, there shall be substituted a reference to section four of the Civil Imprisonment (Scotland) Act 1882; for references to the 45 & 46 Vict. Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1929, and to regula- c- 42. tions made by the Registrar General thereunder there shall be substituted respectively references to the Registration of Births Deaths and Marriages (Scotland) Acts, 1854 to 1938, and to regulations made under section six of the Registration of Births, 17 & 18 Vict. Deaths and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1854 i for any reference c- 8o-to the Registrar General there shall be substituted a reference to the Registrar General of Births Deaths and Marriages in Scotland, and references to a superintendent registrar shall be omitted.

(4) Subsection (2) of section two shall have effect as if for paragraph (a) the following paragraph were substituted—

" (a) the upper limit of the compulsory school age means in relation to any person the age at which under the law for the time being in force his parents cease to be under obligation to cause him to receive efficient education."

556

Ch. 41.

Family Allowances

Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Provision as to Northern Ireland.

10 & 11 Geo. 5 c. 67.

Commence

ment.

(5) Subsection (3) of section four shall have effect as if the words " by way of complaint " were omitted.

(6) Subsection (2) of section five shall have effect as if for paragraph (6) of the proviso the following paragraph were substituted—

" (6) on the application of any party to a reference under this section at any stage of the proceedings, the referee or referees may, and shall, if so directed by the Court of Session, state a case on any question of law arising in the reference for the opinion of the Court of Session."

(7) Subsection (5) of section five shall have effect as if the reference to the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934, were omitted.

(8) Subsection (5) of section eight shall have effect as if the word "summarily " were omitted, and nothing in that subsection shall be construed as limiting the period within which proceedings for the recovery of any sum may be brought.

(9) Section eleven shall have effect as if for the reference in subsection (2) to a local authority there were substituted a reference to an education authority and as if for subsection (3) there were substituted the following subsection—

" (3) A child shall not, for the purposes of this Act, be treated as included in any family as respects any period during which he or she is maintained in any poor-house or is lodged, boarded or maintained otherwise than in a poor-house by a local authority under the enactments relating to the relief of the poor."

(10) Subsection (2) of section eighteen shall have effect as if the word "summary " were omitted, and subsection (4) of the said section shall have effect as if for the reference to evidence sufficient to justify a prosecution there were substituted a reference to evidence sufficient to justify a report to the Lord Advocate with a view to consideration of the question of prosecution.

27. Notwithstanding anything in the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall have power, in connection with any scheme of family allowances established by any enactment of that Parliament, to make laws for purposes similar to the purposes of sections twenty-four and twenty-five of this Act.

28. —(1) This Act shall come into force on such date as the Minister may by order appoint, and different days may be appointed for different purposes and for different provisions of this Act.

(2) Provision may be made by regulations made by the Minister for enabling claims to allowances to be made and to be disposed of, and for enabling an allowance to be awarded, before the coming

y

1945-

Family Allowances

Ad, 1945.

Ch. 41.

into force of section one of this Act, but, notwithstanding anything in this subsection or in subsection (2) of section six of this Act, no allowance shall begin to accrue before the coming into force of section one of this Act.

29. This Act may be cited as the Family Allowances Act, Short title. 1945*

SCHEDULE.

Section 3.

Circumstances in which a person is to be treated as maintaining a .

r.—(1) A person shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as maintaining a child—

(a) if that person is the only person who contributes to the cost of providing for the child, or if that person contributes to the said cost an amount greater than any other one person contributes thereto;

(b) if two or more persons of whom that person is one each of them contribute to the said cost an equal amount that is greater than any other one person contributes thereto, and it is agreed between the said two or more persons, or in default of agreement the Minister in his discretion decides, that, as between them, that person is to be preferred;

and not otherwise:

Provided that a person who under the preceding provisions would be treated as maintaining a child shall not be so treated if his or her contribution to the cost of providing for the child is at a rate less than five shillings a week, unless the child is living with that person.

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph, a man and his wife living together shall be treated as one person and amounts contributed by them respectively shall be aggregated accordingly, and references to a person shall be construed as references to such persons as are mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) respectively of subsection (1) of section three of this Act, that is to say, a man and his wife living together, such a man as is mentioned in the said paragraph (6) and such a woman as is mentioned in the said paragraph (c).

Determination of the family in which a child capable of being treated as included in more than one family is to be included.

2. Where a child could otherwise be treated under section three of this Act as included at the same time in one family as being issue of his or her parents or either of them, and in another family as being maintained by a person other than his or her parents or either of them, the child shall be treated as then included in that family only in which he or she can be treated as included as being issue of the parents or parent.

Ch. 41, 42. Family Allowances 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

3. Where a child could otherwise be treated under section three of this Act as included at the same time in one family on the ground of the child's being issue of his or her father, and in another family on the ground of the child’s being issue of his or her mother, the child shall be treated as then included in one of those families to the exclusion of the other as may be agreed between the father and the mother, or in default of agreement as the Minister may in his discretion decide.

CHAPTER 42.

Water Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

Central and Local Planning.

Section.

1. Duty of Minister in relation to water.

2. Central Advisory Water Committee.

3. Joint Advisory Water Committees.

4. Duties of Joint Advisory Water Committees.

5. Power to require local authorities and statutory water undertakers

to carry out surveys and formulate proposals.

6. Power of Minister to require records and information from persons

abstracting water.

7. Facilities for obtaining information as to underground water.

Part II.

Local Organisation of Water Supplies.

8. Joint water boards.

9. Combination of undertakers and transfer of undertakings by agree-

ment or compulsorily.

10. Variation of limits of supply by agreement or compulsorily.

11. Power of Minister‘to authorise certain statutory water undertakers

to supply premises outside their limits of supply.

12. Supply of water in bulk by agreement or compulsorily.

13. Default powers of Minister.

Part III.

Conservation and Protection of Water Resources.

14. Control of abstraction and prevention of waste in certain areas.

15. Agreements as to drainage, etc., of land.

16. Power to prohibit or restrict temporarily use of hosepipes.

17. Byelaws for preventing waste, misuse or contamination of water.

18. Byelaws for preventing pollution of water of undertakers.

19. General provisions as to byelaws.

20. Power of Minister to require the making of byelaws, to make byelaws

in case of default and to revoke byelaws.

21. Penalty for polluting water used for human consumption.

22. Acquisition of land and execution of works for protection of water.

*945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

559

Part IV.

Powers and Duties of Local Authorities and Water Undertakers.

Construction of works and acquisition of land and water rights. Section.

23. Orders of Minister conferring certain powers on water undertakers.

24. Power of statutory water undertakers to acquire land by agreement

or compulsorily.

25. Power of statutory water undertakers to hold and dispose of land.

26. Power of statutory water undertakers to acquire water rights.

Duty to supply water for non-domestic purposes.

27. Supply of water for non-domestic purposes.

Extension of powers and duties of local authorities under the Public Health Act, 1936.

28. Extension of duty to provide water supply for houses and schools.

29. Amendment of s. 137 of the Public Health Act, 1936.

30. Amendment of s. 138 of the Public Health Act, 1936.

31. Other amendments of Public Health Act, 1936.

Modernisation of Waterworks Code.

32. Incorporation and application by order of provisions of Third

Schedule.

33. Repeal and amendment of local enactments.

Miscellaneous.

34. Temporary discharge of water into watercourses.

35. Power to supply water fittings.

36. Duty of statutory water undertakers to accept guarantees from

local authorities.

37. Duty of undertakers to provide domestic supply for new buildings.

38. Liability for, and recovery of, water rates.

39. Notice to be given to local authority of water supply to inhabited

house being cut off.

40. Power of Minister to revise water rates and charges.

41. Power of companies to issue redeemable stock.

42. Accounts of companies to be made up annually and abstracts sent

to the Minister and local authorities.

43. Appointment of officers as directors.

Part V.

General.

44. Compensation to officers of statutory water undertakers.

45. False information.

46. Restriction on right to prosecute.

47. Penalties for offences.

48. Entry of premises.

49. Inquiries by Ministers.

50. Power to revoke and vary orders.

51. Regulations.

52. Expenses of the Minister.

53. Expenses of Common Council.

54. Notices, etc., to be in writing.

55. Authentication of documents.

56. Service of notices, etc.

57. Proof of resolutions, etc.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

560 Ch. 42.

Section,

58. Judges and justices not disqualified by liability to rates.

59. Interpretation.

60. Provision as to work involving alteration of telegraphic lines.

61. Saving for protective provisions in other Acts.

62. Repeals.

63. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules.

• First Schedule.—Procedure for making Orders, approving Agreements and making and confirming Byelaws.

Second Schedule.—Compulsory Purchase Orders.

Third Schedule.—Provisions to be incorporated in Orders relating to water undertakings.

Fourth Schedule.—Amendments of the Public Health Act, 1936.

Fifth Schedule.—Enactments Repealed.

An Act to make provision for the conservation and use of water resources and for water supplies and for purposes connected therewith.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Duty of Minister in relation to water.

Central

Advisory

Water

Committee.

Central and Local Planning.

1. It shall be the duty of the Minister of Health (hereafter in this Act referred to as "the Minister "), to promote the conservation and proper use of water resources and the provision of water supplies in England and Wales and to secure the effective execution by water undertakers, under his control and direction, of a national policy relating to water.

• 2.—(1) The Minister shall appoint a committee, to be called

the Central Advisory Water Committee, for the purpose of—

(a) advising him or any other Minister concerned upon matters connected with the conservation and use of water resources;

(b) advising any Minister concerned with the administration of enactments which relate to or in any way affect the conservation or use of water resources or the provision of water supplies, upon any question that may be referred by him to the Committee in connection with the operation, or proposed amendment of, the said enactments;

1945- Water Act, 1945. Ch. 42.

(c) considering the operation of any such enactments, and making to the Minister concerned such representations with respect to matters of general concern arising in connection with the operation of those enactments, and such recommendations for their extension or modification, as the Committee think fit.

(2) The Minister may by order make provision with respect to the constitution and procedure of the Committee.

(3) The Minister may pay such expenses of the Committee as he may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

3.—(1) If, with respect to any area in England and Wales, Joint the Minister is satisfied that the provision of water supplies for that area or the conservation of water resources for the committees purpose of such provision may be thereby more effectively secured, he may by order constitute for that area a committee, to be known as a Joint Advisory Water Committee, which shall consist of—

(a) a chairman appointed by the Minister;

(b) members appointed by statutory water undertakers whose limits of supply are comprised wholly or partly in the area of the Committee or who supply water in bulk for distribution in any part of that area;

(c) members appointed by local authorities whose counties or districts are comprised wholly or partly in the area of the Committee, not being such statutory water undertakers as aforesaid.

(2) Any such order may make further provision as to the constitution of the Committee, the term of office of the members thereof, the method of appointment of members by the statutory water undertakers and local authorities aforesaid and as to the procedure of the Committee.

(3) Any such order may apply to a Joint Advisory Water Committee, subject to any necessary modifications,

any of the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1933,23 & 24 Geo. 5 other than the provisions of that Act enabling land to be c. 51. acquired compulsorily, and may contain such incidental, consequential and supplementary provisions as the Minister considers necessary or expedient.

(4) The expenses of a Joint Advisory Water Committee shall be defrayed by the councils of counties and county boroughs comprised wholly or partly in the area of the Committee in such proportions as they may agree upon or, in the case of disagreement, as may be determined by the Minister.

2 N

561

Part I.

— cotit.

5^2

Part I.

—cont.

Duties of

Joint

Advisory

Water

Committees.

Ch. 42. Water Act, 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(5) Before making any such order, the Minister shall consult the statutory water undertakers and local authorities concerned.

4.—(1) An order made under the last foregoing section may prescribe the duties of Joint Advisory Water Committees and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision, those duties may include the duties of—

(a) carrying out a survey of the existing consumption of and demand for water supplies in their area and of the water resources in or available for their area;

(b) preparing an estimate of the future water supply requirements of their area;

(c) formulating proposals for meeting the existing or future water supply requirements of their area including proposals tor the joint use by two or more water undertakers of any existing or proposed new source of water supply;

(d) advising statutory water undertakers and local authorities represented on the* Committee in the preparation and co-ordination of schemes relating to water supply;

(e) furnishing the Minister and the said statutory water undertakers and local authorities with such information relating to water supplies in their area or water resources in or available for their area as they may reasonably be required to furnish.

(2) Where any of the duties referred to in paragraphs (a)

(b) and ( c) of the last foregoing subsection have been imposed upon any Joint Advisory Water Committee, the Minister may from time to time require that Committee to submit a report thereon to him within such time as he may specify.

(3) A Joint Advisory Water Committee may require statutory water undertakers and local authorities represented on the Committee to furnish information relating to their existing or proposed waterworks, the consumption of and demand for water supplies in the area where they are supplying or are authorised to supply water, and the water resources in or available for that area:

Provided that if, upon the representation of any statutory water undertakers or local authority so required to furnish information, the Minister is satisfied that in all the circumstances compliance with the requirement is impracticable or undue expense would thereby be incurred, he may direct that the requirement need not be complied with.

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

563

(4) Any person authorised by a Joint Advisory Water Part i. Committee for the purpose shall, on producing, if so required, —corn. some duly authenticated document showing his authority, have a right at all reasonable hours to enter any premises for the purpose.of carrying out the functions of the Committee, and the section of this Act relating to entry of premises shall apply to any such right of entry.

5. The Minister may require any local authority or statutory Power to water undertakers to— require local

(a) carry out a survey of the existing consumption of ^tutor^and

and demand for water supplies in the area where water they are supplying or are authorised to supply water undertakers and of the water resources in or available for thatto carfy ouJ

arpa. surveys and

area' formulate

(b) prepare an estimate of the future water supply proposals, requirements of that area;

(c) formulate proposals for meeting the existing or future

water supply requirements of that area including proposals for the joint use with any other local authority or water undertakers of any existing or proposed new source of water supply;

(d) submit a report on any of the aforesaid matters to the Minister within such time as he may specify.

6.—(1) The Minister may make regulations requiring any Power of class of persons to keep such records and furnish such returns Minister to as to the quantity and quality of water abstracted by them d

from any source and as to such other matters relating to the information source as may be prescribed by the regulations: from persons

Provided that— abstracting

wsitcr*

(a) the regulations shall not apply in a case where water is abstracted by an individual for the domestic purposes of his household only;

(b) in a case where the Minister is satisfied that in all the circumstances compliance with any requirement of the regulations is impracticable or undue expense would be thereby incurred, he may direct that that requirement need not be complied with.

(2) The regulations may provide for the inspection of any records kept thereunder and of any apparatus used for the

Eurpose thereof and for the taking of copies of and extracts ■om any such records and may confer rights of entry for the purpose of exercising any of the powers aforesaid, and the section of this Act relating to entry of premises shall apply to any such right of entry.

(3) Any person who fails to comply with any requirement of the regulations shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

2 N 2

564

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

Facilities for obtaining information as to underground water.

7.—(1) Any person who proposes to sink, for the purpose of searching for or abstracting water, a well or borehole intended to reach a depth of more than fifty feet below the surface shall, before he begins to do so, give to the Committee of the Privy Council for Scientific and Industrial Research notice in writing of his intention to do so, and shall keep a journal of the progress of the work, which shall include measurements of the strata passed through and of the levels at which water is struck and subsequently rests, and shall allow any person authorised by the said Committee for the purpose, on the production of some duly authenticated document showing his authority, at all reasonable times—

(a) to have free access to any such well or borehole;

(b) to inspect the well or borehole and the material excavated therefrom;

(c) to take specimens of such material and of water abstracted from the well or borehole; and

(d) to inspect and take copies of or extracts from the journal required to be kept under this subsection.

(2) The person sinking any such well or borehole shall, on completion or abandonment of the work, send a complete copy of the journal kept under the last foregoing subsection to thfe said Committee and shall also send to the Committee particulars of any test made, before such completion or abandonment, of the now of water, specifying the rate of flow throughout the test and the duration of the test and also where practicable specifying the water levels during the test and thereafter until the water has returned to its natural level.

(3) Where any such well or borehole is sunk in connection with an existing pumping station, the particulars of any test to be supplied to the said Committee shall also include the rate of pumping at the existing works during the test. 4 5 6 *

(4) Where the person sinking a well or borehole on any land is not the occupier of the land, the obligation to allow a person authorised by the said Committee to exercise the rights specified in paragraphs (a) to ( of subsection (1) of this section shall be the obligation of the occupier as well as of the person sinking the well or borehole.

(5) Where any person contracts to sink any well or borehole on land belonging to or occupied by any other person, and the execution of the work is under the control of the contractor, the contractor and no other person shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to be the person sinking the well or borehole.

(6) The person sinking a well or bore hole or (if a different

person) the owner or occupier of the land on which it is sunk

may give notice in writing to the said Committee requiring

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

565

them to treat as confidential any copy of or extract from the journal required to be kept under subsection (1) of this section or any specimen taken under that subsection, and the Committee shall thereupon not allow that copy, extract or specimen, except in so far as it contains or affords information as to water resources and supplies, to be published or shown to any person not being an officer of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research or of the Ministry of Health, unless the person giving the notice consents thereto:

Provided that, if at any time the Committee give notice to that person that in their opinion his consent is unreasonably withheld, then that person may, within three months after the notice is given by the Committee, appeal to the Railway and Canal Commission, but if at the expiration of that period no such appeal has been made, or if, after hearing the appeal, the Commission do not make an order restraining them from doing so, the Committee may proceed as if such consent had been given.

(7) Any person who fails to comply with any obligation imposed on him by the foregoing provisions of this section shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

Part II.

Local Organisation of Water Supplies.

8. —(1) An order under section six of the Public Health Act, 1936, providing for the constitution, for the purpose of discharging functions relating to water supply, of a united district consisting of districts or parts of districts of local authorities, and for the constitution under that section of a joint water board for that united district, may be made without an application by any of the local authorities concerned.

(2) Any dispute between a joint water board (whether constituted under the Public Health Act, 1936, or otherwise) and the local authority for any constituent district or part of a district with respect to the furnishing of a supply of water in bulk by the board to the authority may be referred to the Minister by either of the parties to the dispute, and the board and the authority shall give effect to the determination of the Minister. 9

9. —(1) The Minister may, on the application of the water undertakers concerned, make an order providing for—

(a) the joint furnishing by two or more statutory water undertakers, by agreement, of a supply of water;

(b) the constitution, by agreement, of a joint board or joint committee of two or more statutory water undertakers for the purpose of exercising all or any of their functions relating to the supply of water;

Part I.

—cont.

Joint water boards.

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw. 8. c. 49.

Combination of undertakers and transfer of undertakings by agreement or compulsorily.

566

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part ii. (c) in a case where none of the undertakers are a local

"' cont- authority, the amalgamation, by agreement, of the

undertakings or parts of the undertakings of two or more statutory water undertakers; or

(d) the transfer, by agreement, to statutory water undertakers of the undertaking or part of the undertaking of any other water undertakers, whether statutory or not.

(2) Where it appears to the Minister to be expedient for the purpose of securing a more efficient supply of water to make provision for any of the matters for which, if the undertakers concerned agreed thereto, provision could be made under the last foregoing subsection, he may by order provide compulsorily for any of those matters.

(3) Any order made under this section may contain such incidental, consequential and supplementary provisions as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision, may provide for the transfer of property and liabilities and for the amendment or repeal of any local enactment relating to any of the undertakers.

(4) Any order under this section providing for the constitution of a joint board or joint committee may, if the council of any county in which the joint board or committee will exercise functions undertake to make annual contributions towards the expenses of the joint board or committee, provide for the inclusion of representatives of that council, so, however, that the number of representatives appointed under this subsection shall be less than one half of the total number of members of the joint board or committee.

(5) The provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to the making of applications and orders under subsection (1) of this section, and the provisions of Part II of the said Schedule shall apply to the making of orders under subsection (2) of this section, and all orders made under this section shall, in the circumstances specified in paragraph 8 or paragraph 17, as the case may be, of the said Schedule, be provisional only and not have effect until they are confirmed by Parliament. 6

(6) An order shall not be made under this section for the constitution of any joint board which could be constituted under section six of the Public Health Act, 1936.

Variation of limits of supply by agreement or compulsorily.

10.— (1) The Minister may—

(a) on the application of any statutory water undertakers supplying water under a local enactment, by order vary their limits of supply, but not so as to include

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

567

any area which is within the limits of supply of any Part II. other statutory water undertakers supplying water under any local enactment;

(b) on the application of two or more statutory water undertakers supplying water under a local enactment, by order provide for the variation by agreement of any common boundary between their respective limits of supply.

(2) Where it appears to the Minister that it is expedient to vary the limits of supply of any statutory water undertakers supplying water under a local enactment, and he is satisfied that such variation cannot be secured under the last foregoing subsection, the Minister may make an order providing compulsorily for such variation.

(3) Any order made under this section may contain such incidental, consequential and supplementary provisions, including provisions for the amendment or repeal of any local enactment, as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient.

(4) The provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to the making of applications and orders under subsection (1) of this section, and the provisions of Part II of the said Schedule shall apply to the making of orders under subsection (2) of this section, and all orders made under this section shall, in the circumstances specified in paragraph 8 or paragraph 17, as the case may be, of the said Schedule, be provisional only and not have effect until they are confirmed by Parliament.

11.—(1) If the Minister is satisfied that the owners or Power of occupiers of premises in an area outside the limits of supply Minister to of any statutory water undertakers supplying water under a local enactment desire to obtain a supply of water from those statutory undertakers, and that the giving of the supply is not likely to water underinterfere with the supply of water for any purposes within the takers to said limits, he may, on the application of those undertakers, 8upp!.y and with the consent of any statutory water undertakers out^Ttheir within whose limits of supply the area is situated, by order 1^ Qf authorise the applicants to supply water in that area, or such supply, part thereof as may be specified in the order, on such conditions as may be so specified:

Provided that a consent required for the purposes of this subsection shall not be unreasonably withheld, and any question whether or not consent is unreasonably withheld shall be referred to the Minister.

(2) Where undertakers are by virtue of an order made under the last foregoing subsection supplying water to premises outside their limits of supply, any other statutory water undertakers within whose limits of supply the premises are

568

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part II.

—cont.

Supply of water in bulk by agreement or compulsorily.

situated may, in the absence of any agreement to the contrary, at any time give not less than three months’ notice to the supplying undertakers that they are able and intend to give a supply of water to the premises in question:

Provided that a notice under this subsection shall not be valid unless it covers all the premises to which water is being supplied by virtue of the order made under the last foregoing subsection.

(3) When, after the expiration of a notice given under the last foregoing subsection, the undertakers giving the notice commence to supply water to the premises covered by the notice, the undertakers who obtained the Minister’s order shall, except for the purpose of recovering water rates, water charges and any other charges or expenses recoverable by them, and of removing any pipes, plant or apparatus belonging to them, cease to have any rights or duties in respect of a supply to those premises:

Provided that the undertakers who obtained the Minister’s order shall not remove any pipes, plant or apparatus which they are required by the undertakers giving the notice to leave in position, and any such pipes, plant or apparatus shall vest in the undertakers giving the notice.

(4) The undertakers giving the notice shall pay to the undertakers who obtained the Minister's order such portion of any expenses reasonably incurred by them for the purpose of giving a supply to those premises, and such sum in respect of any pipes, plant or apparatus vested in the undertakers giving the notice by the last foregoing subsection, as may be agreed, or, in default of agreement, determined by an arbitrator appointed by the Minister.

(5) While undertakers are by virtue of an order made under subsection (1) of this section authorised to supply water outside their limits of supply, the enactments relating to their undertaking shall have effect as if the area specified in the order were within those limits.

12.—(1) Any statutory water undertakers may enter into an agreement with any other persons, whether water undertakers or not, for the giving by those other persons, and the taking by the statutory water undertakers, of a supply of water in bulk for any period and on any terms and conditions, and, where the supply is to be given by persons who are themselves statutory water undertakers, either within or outside the limits of supply of those undertakers:

Provided that—

(a) an agreement under this section shall require the approval of the Minister and, where a supply is to be given by statutory water undertakers, he shall

I945*

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

569

withhold his approval if it appears to him that the giving of the supply would be likely to interfere with the supply of water for any purpose within their limits of supply; and

(b) where the supply is to be given to a local authority and the area to be supplied is within the limits of supply of any other statutory water undertakers supplying water under a local enactment, the agrees ment shall require also the consent of those other undertakers, but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld and any question whether or not it is unreasonably withheld shall be referred to the Minister.

(2) Where—

(a) any undertakers who have power under any enactment other than this section to supply water in bulk subject to a prohibition against supplying water outside the catchment area of a catchment board enter into an agreement under the last foregoing subsection for the supply by them of water in bulk outside that catchment area; or

(b) the supply of water in bulk in pursuance of any agreement under the last foregoing subsection would, but for this subsection, be subject to any right of a navigation authority under any enactment other than this section to prohibit or impose restrictions on such supply;

the Minister's approval shall, if the catchment board or navigation authority, as the case may be, duly object to the agreement in accordance with Part III of the First Schedule to this Act and the objection is not withdrawn, be given by order and the order shall, in the circumstances specified in paragraph 23 of the said Schedule, be provisional only and not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament.

(3) Where it appears to the Minister that it is expedient that any statutory water undertakers should give to other statutory water undertakers, and that those other statutory water undertakers should take, a supply of water in bulk, either within or outside the limits of supply of the undertakers by whom die supply is to be given, and he is satisfied that the giving and taking of such a supply cannot be secured by agreement, he may by order require the respective undertakers to give and to take such a supply as aforesaid for such period and on such terms and conditions as may be provided in the order.

(4) For the purpose of laying any pipes or installing any apparatus connected therewith, being pipes or apparatus

Part II.

—cont.

57<>

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part ii. required for giving or taking a supply of water in pursuance —cont. of an agreement or order made under this section, statutory water undertakers may exercise, either within or outside their limits of supply, the like powers as are exercisable under Parts V and VI of the Third Schedule to this Act for the purpose of laying mains by undertakers to whose undertaking those Parts apply, but subject to the like conditions and obligations.

(5) The provisions of Part III of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to the approval of agreements under this section; and the provisions of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to the making of orders under subsection (3) of this section and any such order shall, in die circumstances specified in paragraph 17 of the said Schedule, be provisional only and not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament:

Provided that if the Minister is satisfied that by reason of an exceptional shortage of rain, or by reason of an accident or other unforeseen circumstances, a serious deficiency in the supply of water exists or is threatened in any locality, the said provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall not apply to the approval of any agreement entered into under this section by undertakers supplying water in the locality or to the making of an order under this section with respect to any such undertakers, and the Minister may, if he considers that the interests of public health so require, direct that Parts V and VI of the Third Schedule to this Act shall, in relation to any works to be carried out for the purposes of that agreement or order, have effect subject to such modifications as he may think necessary for the avoidance of delay, but any agreement or order to which this proviso applies shall cease to have effect at the expiration of such period not exceeding two years as the Minister may direct.

Default powers 13.—(1) If a complaint is made to the Minister that—

of Minister.

(a) any local authority or any joint water board constituted under section six of the Public Health Act, 1936, °r any enactment repealed by that Act, have failed to discharge the duty imposed upon them by section one hundred and eleven of the Public Health Act, 1936;

(b) any statutory water undertakers supplying water under any local enactment have failed to give an adequate supply of water, either as respects quantity or quality, to any area which they are supplying, or have failed to give any supply which they have been lawfully required to give;

I945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

57i

(c) any statutory water undertakers have failed to take

such steps as are reasonably practicable to obtain new powers or to extend their existing powers for the purpose of remedying any such failure as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) hereof; or

(d) any statutory water undertakers have failed to do anything which they are required to do by or under this Act;

or the Minister is of opinion that an investigation should be made as to whether any local authority, joint water board or statutory water undertakers have failed in any of the matters aforesaid, he may cause a local inquiry to be held into the matter.

(2) If after a local inquiry has been held in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection, the Minister is satisfied that there has been such a failure on the part of the local authority, joint water board or statutory water undertakers in question, he may make an order declaring them to be in default and directing them for the purpose of remedying the default to discharge such of their functions in such manner and within such time or times as may be specified in the order or, as the case may be, to take such steps within such time or times as may be specified in the order to obtain new powers or to extend their existing powers.

(3) If the body declared to be in default by an order made under the last foregoing subsection fail to comply with any requirement thereof within the time limited thereby for compliance with that requirement, the Minister, in lieu of enforcing the order by mandamus or otherwise, may make an order transferring to himself such of the functions of the body in default as he thinks fit:

Provided that, if the body in default are the council of a county district or a joint water board, the Minister may transfer the functions to the council of the county within which the functions are wholly or mainly exercisable, instead of to himself.

(4) Where functions transferred to the Minister under this section include the function of applying to the Minister for any new powers or for an extension of existing powers, the Minister may grant the new powers or the extension of existing powers as if an application had been made therefor, and shall give all such notices and do all such other things as would have been required to be given or done in connection with such an application, and any enactment relating to the application for and grant of such new powers or extension of existing powers shall have effect with the necessary adaptations and modifications.

Part II.

—cont.

572

Part IJ.

—cont.

Ch. 42. Water Act, 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(5) Where any functions are transferred to a county council under this section—

(a) the expenses incurred by the county council in discharging those functions shall, except in so far as they may be met by any grant made by the county council, be a debt due from the body in default to the county council, and shall be defrayed as part of the expenses of the undertaking of the body in default and that body shall have the like power of raising the money required as they have of raising money for defraying expenses incurred directly by them;

(b) the county council, for the purpose of the functions transferred to them, may on behalf of the body in default borrow money subject to the like conditions, in the like manner, and on the security of the like revenues as that body might have borrowed for the purpose of those functions;

(c) the county council may charge the said revenues with the payment of the principal and interest of the loan, and the loan, with the interest thereon, shall be paid by the body in default in like manner, and the charge shall have the like effect, as if the loan were lawfully raised and charged on those revenues by that body; and

(d) the county council shall keep separate accounts of

all income and expenditure in respect of the transferred functions.

(6) Where the Minister has transferred any functions to himself under this section, any expenses incurred by him in discharging those functions shall be paid in the first instance by him, but the amount of those expenses as certified by the Minister shall on demand be paid to him by the body in default, and shall be recoverable by him from them as a debt due to the Crown, and that body shall have the like power of raising the money required as they have of raising money for defraying expenses incurred directly by them.

Where the body in default are a local authority or joint water board, the payment of any such expenses as aforesaid shall, to such extent as may be sanctioned by the Minister, be a purpose for which the local authority or board may borrow money in accordance with the statutory provisions relating to borrowing by such an authority or board. 7

(7) Any order made under subsection (3) of this section may provide for the transfer to the Minister or the county council, as the case may be, of such of the property and liabilities of the body in default, as, in the opinion of the Minister, may be necessary or expedient, and when any

I945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

573

such order is revoked the Minister may, either by the revoking order or by a subsequent order, make such provision as appears to him to be desirable with respect to any property or liabilities held by him or by the county council for the purposes of the functions transferred.

(8) Section three hundred and twenty-two of the Public Health Act, 1936, (which confers default powers on the Minister) shall not apply to any default to which this section applies.

Part III.

Conservation and Protection of Water Resources.

14.—(1) Where the Minister is satisfied that special measures for the conservation of water in any area axe necessary in the public interest, whether for the protection of public water supplies or for the protection of water supplies used for industrial or other purposes, he may make an order defining the area in question, and thereupon the provisions of this section shall apply to that area.

(2) The provisions of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act, except paragraphs 17 and 18, shall apply to orders made under this section, and such orders shall be provisional only and shall not have effect until they are confirmed by Parliament.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, no person shall, in any area to which this section applies, begin to—

(a) construct any well, borehole, or other work for the purpose of abstracting underground water; or

(b) extend any existing well, borehole, or other work for the purpose of abstracting additional quantities of underground water;

unless he has obtained, in accordance with regulations made under this section, a licence from the Minister.

(4) The last foregoing subsection shall not apply to—

(a) the construction or extension of any well, borehole or other work by any individual for the purpose of abstracting underground water solely and to the extent necessary for a supply of water for the domestic purposes of his household;

(b) the construction or extension of any well, borehole or other work, if that construction or extension is expressly authorised by any enactment; or

(c) any experimental boring required in connection with any such construction or extension as is referred to in the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection.

Part II.

—cont.

Control of abstraction and prevention of waste in certain areas.

Ch. 42. Water Act, 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(5) No person shall in any area to which this section applies abstract underground water from—

(a) any well, borehole or other work constructed or extended in contravention of subsection (3) of this section;

(b) any well, borehole or other work the construction or extension of which was made lawful by paragraph (a) or paragraph (c) of the last foregoing subsection, except for the purpose for which it was constructed or extended; or

(c) any boring or other work constructed or extended while the order is in force for any purpose other than the abstraction of underground water;

unless he has obtained, in accordance with regulations made under this section, a licence from the Minister.

(6) The Minister may, on the application of any person, grant a licence for the purposes of subsection (3) or subsection

(5) of this section, with or without conditions, or may refuse to grant such a licence, but before he refuses to grant such a licence or attaches any condition thereto, he shall, if requested to do so by the applicant, grant him an opportunity to appear before and be heard by a person appointed for the purpose by the Minister.

(7) Before any person begins to construct in any area to which this section applies any new boring for the purpose of searching for or extracting minerals, he shall give notice of his intention in the prescribed form to the Minister, and shall take such measures as may be required by the Minister for conserving water, being measures which in the opinion of the Minister will not interfere with the winning of minerals:

Provided that, before imposing any (requirement under this subsection, the Minister shall, if requested to do so by any person interested in the work, grant him an opportunity to appear before and be heard by a person appointed for the purpose by the Minister.

(8) Any person who contravenes any of the foregoing provisions of this section or any requirement imposed thereunder or any condition attached to a licence granted for the purposes of subsection (3) or subsection (5) of this section shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

(9) No person shall in any area to which this section applies—

(a) cause or allow any underground water to run to waste from any well, borehole or other work except for the purpose of testing the extent or quality of the supply or cleaning, sterilising, examining or repairing the well, borehole or other work; or

575

1945- Water Act, 1945. Ch. 42.

(6) abstract from any well, borehole, or other work water Part hi. in excess of his reasonable requirements:

Provided that, where underground water interferes or threatens to interfere with the execution or operation of any underground works (whether waterworks or not), it shall not be an offence under this subsection to cause or allow the water to run to waste so far as may be necessary to enable the works to be executed or operated, if no other method of disposing of the water is reasonably practicable.

(10) A person who contravenes any provision of the last foregoing subsection shall, in respect of each offence, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds and the court may, on the conviction of any person, order that the well, borehole or other work shall be effectively sealed or may make such other order as appears to the court to be necessary to prevent waste of water.

If any person fails to comply with any such order of the court, the court may (without prejudice to the imposition of any penalty for contempt of court), on the application of any local authority within whose county or district the well, borehole or other work is situated, or of any statutory water undertakers affected or likely to be affected by the waste, authorise the authority or undertakers to take such steps as may be necessary to execute the order, and any expenses incurred in taking any such steps shall be recoverable as a civil debt from the person convicted.

(11) The Minister may make regulations with respect to the procedure for making applications to him for the grant of a licence under this section, and in particular with respect to the giving of notices of any such application and the making of objections thereto.

(12) Any officer of a local authority whose county or district is comprised wholly or partly in an area to which this section applies, and any officer of any statutory water undertakers likely to be affected by any failure to enforce the provisions of this section in any such area, being an officer authorised for the purpose by the local authority or undertakers concerned, snail, on producing, if so required, some duly authenticated document showing his authority, have a right at all reasonable hours—

(a) to enter any premises in the area for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is, or has been, on or in connection with the premises any contravention of the provisions of this section; or

576

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

(6) to enter any premises in which the authority or undertakers have been authorised to execute an order of the court made under subsection (10) of this section, for the purpose of executing that order;

and the section of this Act relating to entry of premises shall apply to any such right of entry.

Agreements as 15.—(1) Statutory water undertakers may enter into agree-

etc^land ments owners and occupiers of any land, or with a local authority, with respect to the execution and maintenance by any party to the agreement of such works as the undertakers consider necessary for the purpose of draining that land, or for more effectually collecting, conveying, or preserving the purity of, water which the undertakers are for the time being authorised to take:

Provided that, where the execution of any such works would result in the discharge of water, otherwise than through public sewers, into any watercourse which is within a catcnment area or fishery district or is subject to the jurisdiction of a navigation authority or rivers board, the undertakers shall before entering into the agreement consult with the catchment board, fishery board, navigation authority or rivers board concerned.

(2) An agreement under this section with an owner of land

15 and 16 may be registered under section ten of the Land Charges Act, Geo. 5. c. 22. 1925, as an obligation affecting land falling within Class D,

and shall, unless it is void by reason of a failure so to register it, be binding upon and enforceable against his successors in title to that land:

Provided that this subsection shall only apply to such an agreement if it is expressed to be binding and enforceable as aforesaid.

(3) An agreement under this section with a local authority may extend to the execution and maintenance by that authority of works of sewerage and sewage disposal.

Power to 16.—(1) If any statutory water undertakers are of opinion

prohibit that a serious deficiency of water available for distribution

temSrariiv by them exists, or is threatened, they may, for such period

use of X as they think necessary, prohibit or restrict as respects the

hosepipes. whole or any part of their limits of supply the use, for the

purpose of watering private gardens or washing private motor cars, of any water supplied by them and drawn through a hosepipe or similar apparatus.

In this subsection the expression " private motor car" means a mechanically propelled vehicle intended or adapted for use on roads, other than a public service vehicle within c°43.21 ° 5 e meaning of Part IV of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, or a

1945*

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

577

goods vehicle within the meaning of Part I of the Road and Part m-

Rail Traffic Act, 1933, and includes any vehicle drawn by a

private motor car. 24 eo*3 4 5

(2) The undertakers shall, before the prohibition or restriction comes into force, give public notice m two or more newspapers circulating within the area affected of the prohibition or restriction and of the date when it will come into force.

(3) Any person who, while the prohibition or restriction is in force, contravenes its provisions shall, in respect of each offence, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(4) Where a prohibition or restriction is imposed under this section, charges made by the undertakers for the use of a hosepipe or similar apparatus shall be subject to a reasonable reduction to be settled in case of dispute by a court of summary jurisdiction and in the case of a charge paid in advance any necessary repayment or adjustment shall be made by the undertakers.

The procedure for obtaining the settlement of a dispute under this subsection by a court of summary jurisdiction shall be by way of complaint for an order, and the Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall apply to the proceedings.

17.—(1) Statutory water undertakers may make byelaws Byelaws for for preventing waste, undue consumption, misuse, or con- preventing

, f .. P , , ,1 r waste, misuse

lamination of water supplied by them. or COntami-

(2) Byelaws under this section may include provisions— nation of

(a) prescribing the size, nature, materials, strength and water* workmanship, and the mode of arrangement, connection, disconnection, alteration and repair, of the water fittings to be used; and

(b) forbidding the use of any water fittings which are of such a nature or are so arranged or connected as to cause or permit, or be likely to cause or permit, waste, undue consumption, misuse, erroneous measurement or contamination of water, or reverberation in pipes.

(3) If a person contravenes the provisions of any byelaw made under this section, the undertakers may, without prejudice to their right to take proceedings for a fine in respect of such contravention, cause any water fittings belonging to or used by that person which are not in accordance with the requirements of the byelaws to be altered, repaired or replaced, and may recover the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing from the person in default summarily as a civil debt.

(4) Nothing in this section, or in any byelaw made thereunder, shall apply to any fittings used on premises which

2 O

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

578

Part III.

—cont.

Byelaws for preventing pollution of water of undertakers.

Ch. 42.

belong to a railway company and are held or used by them for the purposes of their railway, so long as those fittings are not of such a nature or so arranged or connected as to cause or permit or be likely to cause or permit waste, undue consumption, misuse, erroneous measurement or contamination of water supplied by the undertakers, or reverberation in pipes:

Provided that the exemption conferred by this subsection shall not extend to fittings used in hotels or dwelling houses or in offices not forming part of a railway station.

18.—(1) If it appears to statutory water undertakers to be necessary for the purpose of protecting against pollution any water, whether on the surface or underground, which belongs to them or which they are for the time being authorised to take, they may by byelaws—

(1 a) define the area within which they deem it necessary to exercise control; and

(6) prohibit or regulate the doing within that area of any act specified in the byelaws.

Byelaws made under this section may contain different provisions for different parts of the area defined by the byelaws.

(2) Where an area has been defined by byelaws under this section, the undertakers may by notice require either the owner or the occupier of any premises within that area to execute and keep in good repair such works as they consider necessary for preventing pollution of their water and, if he fails to comply with any such requirement, he shall be liable on summary conviction to the same penalties as if he had committed an act prohibited by the byelaws:

Provided that an owner or occupier who considers that a requirement made on him under this subsection is unreasonable may, within twenty-eight days after service on him of the requirement, appeal to die Minister and the Minister may determine the appeal himself or, if he thinks fit, may refer it for determination by an arbitrator to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the President of the Institution of Civil Engineers, and the Minister or arbitrator may, if he decides that the requirement is unreasonable, modify or disallow the requirement. 3

(3) The undertakers shall pay compensation to the owners and occupiers of, and other persons interested in, any premises within the area defined by byelaws made under this section in respect of—

(a) any curtailment or injurious affection of their legal rights by restrictions imposed by the byelaws; and

I945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

579

(b) any expenses incurred by them in complying with a ?ART m*

requirement to construct and maintain any works the construction of which could not, apart from this section, lawfully have been required, otherwise than upon payment of compensation, by the local authority of the district or county;

and any question as to the amount of compensation to be paid shall be referred to an arbitrator to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the Minister.

In this subsection the expression " legal rights " includes a user of land in respect of which the local authority might have taken proceedings under the Acts relating to public health or under their byelaws, but have refrained from doing so, either by reason of the character or situation of the land or for some other reason.

(4) Where any person has failed to comply with a requirement made on him under subsection (2) of this section and either—

(a) he has not appealed to the Minister against that requirement and the time for appealing has expired; or

(b) his appeal has been dismissed or the requirement has been modified on his appeal and he has failed to comply with the requirement as so modified:

the undertakers may, without prejudice to their right to take proceedings for a fine in respect of such failure, execute and keep in good repair the works specified in the requirement as originally made or, as the case may be, as modified on appeal, and may recover the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing from the person in default summarily as a civil debt, except expenses incurred in respect of works the construction of which could not, apart from this section, lawfully have been required, otherwise than upon payment of compensation, by the local authority of the district or county.

(5) Two or more statutory water undertakers may combine for the purpose of making and enforcing byelaws under this section, and this section and subsection (2) of the next but one following section of this Act shall in any such case have effect as if the references to statutory water undertakers were construed as references to those two or more statutory water undertakers acting jointly.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be construed as empowering the undertakers to make any byelaw restricting the rights of a navigation authority under any enactment.

19.—(1) The Minister shall be the confirming authority as General respects byelaws made under either of the last two foregoing M

sections, and the provisions of Part IV of the First Schedule

2 O 2

Water Act, 1945.

580

Part III. —4ont.

Ch. 42.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

to this Act shall apply to the making and confirming of such byelaws.

(2) It shall be the duty of any undertakers by whom any such byelaws are made to enforce those byelaws.

•4

(3) Any such byelaws may contain provisions for imposing on any person contravening the byelaws a fine, recoverable on summary conviction, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds in respect of each offence and, in the case of a continuing offence, a further fine not exceeding five pounds for each day during which the offence continues after conviction therefor.

(4) Where any statutory water undertakers consider that the operation of any such byelaw made by them would be unreasonable in relation to any particular case, they may with the consent of the Minister relax the requirements of the byelaw or dispense with compliance therewith:

Provided that the undertakers shall give notice of any such proposed relaxation or dispensation in such manner and to such person, if any, as the Minister may direct, and the Minister shall not give his consent before the expiration of one month from the giving of the notice and, before giving his consent, shall take into consideration any objection which may have been received by him.

(5) Where any such byelaws are made by statutory water undertakers, any officer of the undertakers authorised by them for the purpose, shall, on producing if so required, some duly authenticated document showing his authority, have a right at all reasonable hours to enter any premises in the area to which the byelaws apply, for the purpose of—

(a) ascertaining whether there is or has been any contravention of the byelaws;

(b) in the case of byelaws made under section seventeen of this Act, exercising any right conferred on the undertakers by subsection (3) of that section; or

(c) in the case of byelaws made under the last foregoing section—

(i) ascertaining whether jot not circumstances exist which would justify the undertakers making a requirement under subsection (2) of that section; and

(ii) exercising any right conferred on the undertakers by subsection (4) of that section to execute and maintain works;

and the section of this Act relating to entry of premises shall apply to any such right of entry.

1945* Water Act, 1945. Ch. 42.

(6) Subject as hereinafter provided—

(a) any byelaw made under either of the last two foregoing sections shall cease to have effect on the expiration of the period of ten years beginning with the date on which it was made; and

(b) any byelaw or regulation made by statutory water undertakers under any other enactment which confers power to make byelaws or regulations for purposes similar to the purposes for which byelaws may be made under either of the last two foregoing sections shall cease to have effect on the expiration of the period of five years beginning with the commencement of this Act:

Provided that the Minister may by order extend the period during which any byelaw or regulation to which this subsection applies is to remain in force.

(7) Sections two hundred and fifty to two hundred and fifty-two of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which relate to the procedure for making byelaws and the penalties to be imposed thereunder) shall not apply to byelaws made under either of the last two foregoing sections.

20.—(1) The Minister may by notice require any statutory water undertakers to make byelaws under section seventeen or section eighteen of this Act in relation to such matters as he may specify and, in the case of byelaws made under section eighteen, he shall specify the area for which the byelaws are to be made, and if the undertakers do not within three months after such requirement make in relation to the matters specified byelaws satisfactory to him, the Minister may himself make byelaws with respect to those matters.

(2) If the Minister considers that any byelaws made by statutory water undertakers under the said section seventeen or the said section eighteen or any byelaws or regulations made by statutory water undertakers under any other enactment which confers powers to make byelaws or regulations for purposes similar to the purposes for which byelaws may be made under either of the said sections are unsatisfactory, he may by notice require the undertakers to revoke those byelaws or regulations and to make such new byelaws under the said section seventeen or the said section eighteen as he considers necessary, and, if the undertakers do not within three months after such requirement comply therewith, the Minister may himself revoke the byelaws or regulations, and make such new byelaws under the said section seventeen or the said section eighteen as he considers necessary.

(3) Any byelaws made by the Minister under this section shall have effect as if they had been made by the undertakers concerned and confirmed by the Minister.

581

Part III.

—cont.

Power of Minister to require the making of byelaws, to make byelaws in case of default and to revoke byelaws.

5§2

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

Part III. —cont. Penalty for polluting water used for human consumption.

Acquisition of land and execution of works for protection of water.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

21. —(1) If any person is guilty of any act or neglect whereby any spring, well or adit, the water from which is used or likely to be used for human consumption or domestic purposes, or for manufacturing food or drink for human consumption, is polluted or likely to be polluted, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act:

Provided that nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting or restricting—

(a) any method of cultivation of land which is in accordance with the principles of good husbandry; or

(b) the reasonable use of oil or tar on any highway maintainable at the public expense, so long as the highway authority take all reasonable steps for preventing the oil or tar, or any liquid or matter resulting from the use thereof, from polluting any such spring, well or adit.

(2) Any officer of a local authority or statutory water undertakers within whose district or limits of supply, as the case may be, any such spring, well or adit is situated authorised by the authority or undertakers for the purpose, shall, on producing if so required some duly authenticated document showing his authority, have a right at all reasonable hours to enter any premises for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is or has been any contravention of this section in relation to that spring, well or adit, and the section of this Act relating to entry of premises shall apply to any such right of entry. 22

22. —(1) For the purpose of any provision of this Act conferring power on statutory water undertakers to acquire land for the purposes of their undertaking, there shall be deemed to be included among those purposes the purpose of protecting against pollution any water, whether on the surface or underground, which belongs to the undertakers or which they are for the time being authorised to take.

(2) Statutory water undertakers may on any land belonging to them, or over or in which they have acquired the necessary easements or rights, construct and maintain drains, sewers, watercourses, catchpits and other works for intercepting, treating or disposing of any foul water arising or flowing upon that land, or for otherwise preventing water which belongs to the undertakers or which they are for the time being authorised to take from being polluted:

Provided that—

(a) before constructing any such works, the undertakers shall, if the proposed works will affect any watercourse in a catchment area or fishery district or which is subject to the jurisdiction of a navigation authority

1945*

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

583

or rivers board, consult with the catchment board, Par* Ml. fishery board, navigation authority or rivers board concerned;

(6) nothing in this subsection shall authorise the undertakers to intercept or take any water which a navigation authority are authorised to take or use for the purposes of their undertaking, without the consent of that navigation authority.

(3) Any statutory water undertakers proposing to construct any drain, sewer or watercourse for the purposes mentioned in the last foregoing subsection may, with the consent of the highway authority concerned, which may be given subject to such conditions as the authority think fit, carry the drain, sewer or watercourse under, across or along any street, whether within or outside their limits of supply, and such statutory provisions with respect to the breaking open of streets as are applicable to the undertakers shall, with any necessary modifications and adaptations, apply accordingly.

(4) A consent required for the purposes of either of the two last foregoing subsections shall not be unreasonably withheld nor shall any unreasonable condition be attached to such a consent, and any question whether or not such a consent is unreasonably withheld or whether any condition which an authority seek to impose is unreasonable, shall be referred to an arbitrator to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the Minister.

Part IV.

Powers and Duties of Local Authorities and Water Undertakers.

Construction of works and acquisition of land and water

rights

23.—(1) The Minister may, on the application of any of persons who are or propose to become statutory water under-takers, make an oroer certain powers

(a) authorising them to construct, acquire by agreement, on water

alter or continue, and to maintain, waterworks and undertakers, works connected therewith;

(b) if the applicants are not statutory water undertakers, authorising them to supply water in any area;

(c) authorising the applicants to raise capital or borrow money for any purposes of the water undertaking; and the order may contain such incidental, consequential and supplementary provisions, including provisions for the amendment or repeal of any local enactment, as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient:

Provided that—

(i) an order made under paragraph ( ) of this subsection shall not empower the applicants to acquire com-

le

584

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

Power of statutory water

undertakers to acquire land by agreement or compulsorily.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 18.

pulsorily any land or water rights or vary compulsorily the quantity of compensation water required by any enactment to be discharged into any watercourse or the periods during which or the manner in which such compensation water is required to be discharged;

(ii) no order shall be made under paragraph (6) of this subsection without the consent of the local authority for every district within which the applicants are to be authorised to supply water or, in a case where they are to be authorised to supply water within the limits of supply of any statutory water undertakers supplying water under a local enactment, without the consent of those undertakers.

A consent required for the purposes of this subsection shall not be unreasonably withheld, and any question whether or not consent is unreasonably withheld snail be referred to the Minister.

(2) The provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, other than paragraph 8, shall apply to the making of applications and orders under this section.

24.—(1) Any statutory water undertakers shall have power under this section to acquire land by agreement, whether by way of purchase, lease or exchange, for any of the purposes of their undertaking, but no such agreement shall have effect without the approval of the Minister.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, statutory water undertakers may acquire land thereunder for the purpose of erecting houses and other buildings thereon for the use of persons employed by them for the purposes of their undertaking, and may also acquire land thereunder to be used for recreation grounds for persons so employed.

(3) The Lands Clauses Acts, except the provisions relating to the acquisition of land otherwise than by agreement ana the provisions relating to access to the special Act, and except sections ninety-nine to one hundred and seven and sections one hundred and twenty-seven to one hundred and thirty-two of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, are hereby incorporated with the foregoing provisions of this section, and in construing those Acts those provisions shall be deemed to be the special Act and the word "land " shall have the meaning assigned to it in this Act.

(4) Any local authority or statutory water undertakers may be authorised by means of a compulsory purchase order made by them and confirmed by the Minister to purchase land compulsorily under this section for any of the

I945-.

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

585

purposes of their water undertaking or proposed water under- Part retaking, but those purposes shall not be deemed to include the —oont. purposes mentioned in subsection (2) of this section.

(5) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to compulsory purchase orders made under this section.

(6) Nothing in this section shall authorise the compulsory acquisition of land which is the site of an ancient monument or other object of archaeological interest, or any land which is the property of a local authority or has been acquired for the purposes of their undertaking by any persons authorised by any enactment to construct, work or carry on any railway, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, tramway, gas, electricity, water or other public undertaking.

(7) A compulsory purchase order made under this section may authorise the purchase of any land belonging to the National Trust notwithstanding that such land is held by the Trust inalienably, but where any such order authorises the acquisition of land so held inalienably or of any land forming part of a common, open space or allotment, the order shall, subject to the next following subsection, be provisional only and not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament.

(8) So much of the last foregoing subsection as provides that any such order as aforesaid shall be provisional only and not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament shall not apply where the order provides for giving in exchange for such land other land, not being less in area, certified by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries (in the case of a common or an allotment) or the Minister of Town and Country Planning (in the case of land held inalienably by the National Trust or an open space not being a common or an allotment) to be equally advantageous to the persons, if any, entitled to commonable or other rights and to the public:

Provided that—

(a) before giving any such certificate, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or the Minister of Town and Country Planning, as the case may be, shall give public notice of the proposed exchange, and shall afford opportunities to all persons interested to make representations and objections in relation thereto, and shall, if he thinks it necessary, hold a local inquiry; and

(b) the order shall provide for vesting the land given in exchange in the persons in whom the land acquired was vested, subject to the same rights, trusts and incidents as attach to the land acquired, and for discharging the land acquired from all rights, trusts and incidents to which it was previously subject.

586

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

7 Edw. 7. c. cxxxvi.

a & 3 Geo. 6. c. lxxxvi.

Power of statutory water undertakers to hold and dispose of land.

Power of statutory water

undertakers to acquire water rights.

(9) In this section the expression " National Irust" means the National Trust for places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated by the National Trust Act, 1907, the expression " held inalienably/' in relation to land belonging to that Trust, means land which is inalienable under section twenty-one of the said Act or section eight of the National Trust Act, 1939, the expression " allotment" means an allotment set out as a fuel allotment or a field garden allotment under an Inclosure Act, the expression common " includes any land subject to be enclosed under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, and any town or village green, and the expression " open space" means any land laid out as a public garden or used for the purposes of public recreation and any disused burial ground.

25. Notwithstanding anything in the Lands Clauses Acts, any statutory water undertakers may hold and use for the purposes of their undertaking for such time as they think fit any land for the time being belonging to them and may from time to time, with the consent of the Minister, sell, lease, exchange or otherwise dispose of any such land in such manner, for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as they think fit and, in particular, on any such disposition may reserve to themselves any water rights or other easements in, over or belonging to, the land disposed of and may make any such disposition subject to such other reservations, conditions, restrictions and provisions with respect to the use of water, the carrying on of noxious trades or the discharge or deposit of manure, sewage or other foul matter as they think fit:

Provided that the consent of the Minister shall not be required for the grant of a lease of any such land for a term not exceeding seven years.

26. —(1) Statutory water undertakers may acquire by agreement rights to take water from any stream or other source, but no such agreement shall have effect without the approval of the Minister.

(2) The Minister may on the application of any local authority or statutory water undertakers, by order provide for the compulsory acquisition by them of such rights to take water from any stream or other source as may be specified in the order.

(3) Where the acquisition of rights under this section will result in the impounding of any stream—

(a) the Minister shall not approve any agreement for the acquisition of such rights unless he is satisfied that the agreement requires the undertakers to provide an adequate quantity of compensation water, and incor-

I945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

587

S' 5s the appropriate provisions of Part III of the Part reschedule to this Act subject to such modifica- cont' tions and adaptations as the Minister may approve; or

(b) the Minister shall in any order for the compulsory acquisition of such rights prescribe the quantity of compensation water to be provided by the undertakers and shall incorporate in the order the appropriate provisions of the said Part III subject to such modifications and adaptations as he thinks fit.

(4) Where the acquisition of rights under this section will in the opinion of the Minister substantially reduce the flow of any stream—

(a) the Minister shall not approve any agreement for the acquisition of such rights unless he is satisfied that the agreement contains adequate provisions for limiting the extent to which and the circumstances in which water may be taken from the stream and incorporates the appropriate provisions of Part III of the Third Schedule to this Act subject to such modifications and adaptations as the Minister may approve;

(b) the Minister shall in any order for the compulsory acquisition of such rights prescribe the extent to which and the circumstances in which water may be taken and shall incorporate in the order the appropriate provisions of the said Part III subject to such modifications and adaptations as he thinks fit.

(5) In assessing the quantity of compensation water to be provided under any such agreement or order or in determining the extent to which and the circumstances in which water may be taken under any such agreement or order, the Minister shall have regard to all the circumstances of the particular case, including—

(a) the character and flow of the stream;

(6) the extent to which the stream is or may in the future be used for industrial purposes, fisheries, water supply by other undertakers, agriculture, transport or navigation;

(c) the effect on land drainage or on any canal or inland navigation of any alterations in the flow of the stream,

and shall secure, as far as practicable, that the flow of the stream does not fall below the minimum quantity necessary to secure the interests of public health and the protection of the rights of riparian and other landowners.

le

588

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

Supply of water for non-domestic purposes.

(6) The provisions of Part III of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to the approval of agreements under this section and, if any catchment board for a catchment area or fishery board of a fishery district in which any source from which water is to be taken is situated, or any navigation authority for any river, canal or other inland navigation from which water is to be taken or which is fed by a stream from which water is to be taken to such extent as, in the opinion of the Minister, to affect the river, canal or other inland navigation duly object to the agreement in accordance with the provisions of the said Part III, and the objection is not withdrawn, the Minister shall give his approval by order and the order shall, in the circumstances specified in paragraph 23 of the said Schedule, be provisional only and not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament.

(7) The provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to the making of applications and orders under subsection (2) of this section, and any such order shall, in the circumstances specified in paragraph 8 of the said Schedule, be provisional only and not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament.

Duty to supply water for non-domestic purposes.

27.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, statutory water undertakers supplying water otherwise than in bulk shall give a supply of water on reasonable terms and conditions for purposes other than domestic purposes to the owner or occupier of any premises within their limits of supply who requests them to give such a supply to those premises:

Provided that they shall not be required to give such a supply if their ability to meet existing obligations to supply water for any purposes or probable future requirements to supply water for domestic purposes, without having to incur unreasonable expenditure in constructing new waterworks for the purpose, would be endangered thereby.

(2) Any question arising under this section as to the terms and conditions on which water is to be supplied thereunder and any question whether the undertakers are justified in refusing to give a supply, shall, in default of agreement, be referred to the Minister, and the Minister may determine it himself or, if he thinks fit, refer it for determination by an arbitrator appointed by him.

(3) Where any statutory water undertakers are required to give a supply of water under this section, the powers of those undertakers and of persons supplied or proposed to be supplied by them to lay mains and pipes for providing a supply of water for domestic purposes and to break up streets

*945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

589

for that purpose shall apply for the purpose of the provision pART IV-of a supply under this section. —com.

(4) Where the terms and conditions on which a supply of water is to be provided to any person under this section have been agreed or determined, and that person has done everything which he is required by such agreement or determination to do before the supply is provided, the undertakers shall, if they fail to furnish the supply within such period as may be agreed or determined, or fail to maintain the supply in accordance with the said terms and conditions, be liable (without prejudice to any civil liability) to the like penalties in the like circumstances as in the case of a failure to furnish or maintain a supply of water which they are required to provide for domestic purposes.

(5) Section thirty-eight of this Act (which relates to liability for and recovery of water rates) shall apply in relation to charges for water supply under this section, whether by meter or otherwise, in like manner as it applies in relation to water rates.

(6) In this section the expression " domestic purposes " has the same meaning as it has for the purposes of the enactments relating to the undertakers.

Extension of powers and duties of local authorities under the Public Health Act, 1936.

28. The duty imposed on local authorities by section three of Extension of the Rural Water Supplies and Sewerage Act, 1944, to supply duty to water in pipes to rural localities in which there are houses or ^ovl1def^ter schools shall extend to all localities to which section one ^oSes and hundred and eleven of the Public Health Act, 1936, applies schools, in which there are houses or schools and in which such a 7 & 8 Geo-6-supply is not already available, and accordingly the saidc-x6* section three shall cease to have effect and for the said section one hundred and eleven there shall be substituted the following section: —

hi.—(1) It shall be the duty of every local authority—

(a) to take from time to time such steps as may be necessary for ascertaining the sufficiency and wholesomeness of water supplies within their district;

(b) to provide a supply of wholesome water in pipes to every part of their district in which there are houses or schools, and to take the pipes affording that supply to such point or

ints as will enable the nouses or schools to connected thereto at a reasonable cost,

*' Duty of local authority with respect to water supplies within their district.

59°

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6*

so, however, that this paragraph shall not require a local authority to do anything which is not practicable at a reasonable cost or to provide such a supply to any part of their district where such a supply is already available at such point or points as aforesaid;

(c) to provide a supply of wholesome water otherwise than m pipes to every part of their district in which there are houses or schools and to which it is not practicable to provide a supply in pipes at a reasonable cost, and in which danger to health arises from the insufficiency or unwholesomeness of the existing supply and a public supply is required and can be provided at a reasonable cost, and to secure that such supply is available within a reasonable distance of every house and school in that part of their district.

(2) If any question arises under paragraph (6) of the preceding subsection as to whether anything is or is not practicable at a reasonable cost or as to the point or points to which pipes must be taken in order to enable houses or schools to be connected to them at a reasonable cost, or under paragraph (c) thereof as to whether a public supply can be provided at a reasonable cost, the Minister, if requested so to do by the council of the county or by ten or more local government electors in the district of the local authority, shall, after consulting the local authority, and where the request was made by local government electors and the local authority is the council of a county district, after consulting also the council of the county, determine that question, and the local authority shall give effect to his determination.

(3) Without prejudice to their obligations under subsection (1) of this section, every local authority shall, for the purpose of securing so far as is reasonably practicable that every house has available a sufficient supply of wholesome water for domestic purposes, exercise their powers under this Part of this Act as amended by any subsequent enactment of requiring owners of houses to provide a supply of water thereto.''

The obligations of joint water boards constituted before the passing of this Act under section six of the Public Health Act,

Part IV.

—cont.

1945- Water Act, 1945. Ch. 42. 591

1936, or any enactment repealed by that Act shall include Part IV. the obligations imposed on local authorities by this section, —coni. and the enactments relating to any such board shall have effect accordingly.

29. —(1) For subsection (1) of section one hundred and Amendment thirty-seven of the Public Health Act, 1936 (which requires 137 new houses to be provided with a sufficient water supply) Health there shall be substituted the following subsection: — Act, 1936.

" (1) Where plans of a house are, in accordance with building byelaws, deposited with a local authority, the authority shall reject the plans unless there is put before them a proposal which appears to them to be satisfactory for providing the occupants of the house with a supply of wholesome water sufficient for their domestic purposes—

(a) by connecting the house to a supply of water

m pipes provided by the local authority or other statutory water undertakers; or

(b) if in all the circumstances it is not reasonable to require the house to be connected as aforesaid, by otherwise taking water into the house by means of a pipe; or

(c) if in all the circumstances neither of the preceding alternatives can reasonably be required, by providing a supply of water within a reasonable distance of the house;

and the authority are satisfied that the proposal can and will be earned into effect.

Any question arising under this subsection between a local authority and the person by whom, or on whose behalf, plans are deposited as to whether the local authority ought to pass the plans may on the application of that person be determined by a court of summary jurisdiction."

(2) In subsection (2) of the said section one hundred and thirty-seven for the words " for the domestic purposes of the inmates being provided in, or within a reasonable distance of, the house " there shall be substituted the words " for the domestic purposes of the occupants." 30

30. —(1) For subsection (1) of section one hundred and Amendment thirty-eight of the Public Health Act, 1936 (which empowers

a local authority to require an occupied house to be provided 1936. with a sufficient water supply) there shall be substituted the following subsections: —

" (1) Where a local authority are satisfied that any occupied house has not a supply of wholesome

592

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

water in pipes in the house sufficient for the domestic purposes of the occupants, the local authority may—

(a) if they are satisfied that in all the circumstances it is reasonable to require the owner of the house to connect it to a supply of water in pipes provided by the local authority or other statutory water undertakers, give notice to the owner requiring him within a time specified therein to connect the house as aforesaid;

(b) if they are not satisfied that it is reasonable in all the circumstances to require the owner to connect the house as aforesaid, but are satisfied that it is reasonable to require him otherwise to take water into the house by means of a pipe, give notice to the owner requiring him within a time specified therein so to take water into the house.

(ia) Where a local authority are satisfied that any occupied house has not within a reasonable distance thereof a supply of wholesome water sufficient for the domestic purposes of the occupants and that in all the circumstances it is not reasonable to require the owner to connect the house, or to take water into the house, as aforesaid, the local authority may give notice to the owner requiring him within a time specified therein to provide a sufficient supply of wholesome water within a reasonable distance of the house/’

(2) In subsection (2) of the said section, for the words "the preceding subsection " there shall be substituted the words "either of the preceding subsections ".

(3) After the said subsection (2) there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (2a) If a person on whom a notice has been served under the preceding provisions of this section objects to the requirement of the local authority, he may, within twenty-eight days after service on him of the notice, appeal to a court of summary jurisdiction and, upon any such appeal, the court may either disallow the requirement of the local authority or allow it with or without modifications."

(4) In subsection (3) of the said section, for the words " Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding section with respect to appeals, if such a notice as aforesaid is not

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

593

complied with " there shall be substituted the words " If Part IV. any requirement contained in a notice given under the preceding provisions of this section, including a requirement modified by the court under the last preceding subsection, is not complied with within the time specified in the notice or, if the court extends that time, within the time as so extended/'

31. The provisions of the Public Health Act, 1936, mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, being provisions relating to water supply and matters connected therewith, Health Act, shall be amended and repealed to the extent specified in the 1936. said Schedule.

Modernisation of Waterworks Code.

32.—(1) The Minister may by any order made under Incorporation section nine, section ten, section twelve, section twenty-three andlication or section forty of this Act apply to any water undertaking oSerof° to which the order relates such of the provisions contained in provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act as appear to him to be appro- Third

Eriate, subject to such modifications and adaptations as may Schedule, e specified in the order.

(2) The Minister may at any time by order apply the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act or any of them to the undertaking of any statutory water undertakers supplying water under a local enactment, subject to such modifications and adaptations as may be specified in the order, and may by the order repeal any provision previously applicable to the undertaking to the extent to which it appears to him, having regard to the provisions of this Act which apply, or are applied by the order, to the undertaking, to be no longer required, or amend any provision previously applicable to the undertaking to any extent which appears to him necessary to bring it into conformity with the said provisions of this Act:

Provided that, during the period of five years beginning with the commencement of this Act, he shall not make such an order except on the application of the undertakers concerned.

(3) The provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to orders made under the last foregoing subsection on the application of the undertakers concerned, and the provisions of Part II of the said Schedule shall apply to orders made thereunder without any such application, and all orders made under the said subsection shall, in the circumstances specified in paragraph 8 or paragraph 17, as the case may be, of the said Schedule, be provisional only and not have effect until they are confirmed by Parliament.

2 P

594

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

coni.

Repeal and amendment of local enactments.

Temporary discharge of water into watercourses.

(4) The Minister, when considering the making of an order under subsection (2) of this section, shall have regard to the powers, if any, and practice of the undertakers as regards additional charges in respect of waterclosets and baths, and the probable effect of any order made by him on the financial position of the undertaking and on the rates and charges payable by consumers of different classes.

(5) Where the Minister makes an order under subsection (2) of this section, he shall, if so requested by the undertakers concerned before the order is made, postpone the operation of the order for such period as he deems sufficient to enable them to make an application to him under section forty of this Act (which relates to the power of the Minister to revise water rates and charges).

33.—(1) The Minister may, on the application of any statutory water undertakers, by order repeal or amend any local enactment relating to the supply of water by those undertakers :

Provided that—

(a) an order under this section shall not vary the quantity of compensation water required by any local enactment to be discharged into any watercourse or the period during which or the manner in which such compensation water is required to be discharged;

(b) the Minister shall not make an order under this section with respect to any matter which in his opinion could be more appropriately dealt with under any other provision of this Act.

(2) The provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to orders made under this section and such orders shall, in the circumstances specified in paragraph 8 of the said Schedule, be provisional only and not have effect until they are confirmed by Parliament.

(3) Section three hundred and three of the Public Health Act, 1875 (which empowers the Minister by provisional order to repeal or alter local Acts relating to the same subject matters as the said Act) shall cease to have effect so far as it applies to any local enactment relating to water supply.

Miscellaneous.

34.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, statutory water undertakers who are carrying out, or are about to carry out, the construction, alteration, repair, cleaning, or examination of any reservoir, well or borehole, line of pipes or other work forming part of their undertaking may cause

1945*

Water Act, 1945.

CH.42.

595

the water therein to be discharged into any available watercourse and for that purpose may lay and maintain in any street, whether within or outside their limits of supply, ail necessary discharge pipes and apparatus, and such statutory provisions with respect to the breaking open of streets as are applicable to the undertakers shall, with any necessary modifications and adaptations, apply accordingly.

(2) Except in a case of emergency, and except in so far as may be otherwise agreed in writing between the undertakers and the board or authority concerned, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a) not less than seven days before commencing to discharge any such water as aforesaid through a pipe exceeding nine inches in diameter the undertakers shall give notice of their intentions to the catchment board of any catchment area and the fishery board of any fishery district within which any watercourse into which the water is to be discharged is situated and to any rivers board having jurisdiction over any such watercourse;

(b) the undertakers shall have due regard to any representations which may be made to them as to the time, mode and rate of discharge with a view to avoiding or minimising injury or inconvenience therefrom; and

(c) where the water is to be discharged into any river, canal or other inland navigation in respect of which a navigation authority exercise functions, the undertakers shall not discharge the water without the approval of the navigation authority, or except at such times as that authority may approve and ip a manner approved by them as not likely to injure the river, canal or navigation or the banks thereof, or interfere with traffic thereon:

Provided that—

(i) whenever the undertakers propose to discharge water

on a number of occasions during a period, the giving by them of a general notice to that effect, accompanied by such particulars as it is reasonably practicable for them to give, shall constitute sufficient compliance by them with the provisions of paragraph (a) of this subsection; (ii)

(ii) in the case of a river, paragraph (c) of this subsection

shall not apply if the point of discharge into the river is more than three miles above the limits within which the navigation authority exercise jurisdiction;

2 P 2

Part VI.

—cont.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

596 Ch. 42.

£art rv. (iii) an approval required for the purposes of the said

—coni- paragraph ( c) shall not be withheld unreasonably,

and any question whether it is withheld unreasonably or not shall be referred to an arbitrator to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the President of the Institution of Civil Engineers; and

(iv) any approval for which application is made under the said paragraph (c) shall be deemed to have been given unless notice of disapproval is given to the undertakers within seven days after the making of the application.

(3) If the undertakers are requested by—

(a) the owner or occupier of any land which abuts on a watercourse at a point within three miles of any work of the undertakers from which water may be discharged into that watercourse under the provisions of this section; or

(6) the clerk to any association of mill owners any of whose constituent members is such an owner or occupier as aforesaid,

to register him for the purposes of this section, the undertakers shall enter his name and address in a register kept by them for the purpose and, so long as his name and address appear in the register, shall, except in a case of emergency and except in so far as may be otherwise agreed with him in writing, and unless the point at which the water is to be discharged as aforesaid is situated down stream of the land in respect of which he is so registered, send to him in respect of that watercourse the like notices as they are (in the absence of any emergency or agreement to the contrary) required under the last foregoing subsection to send to such a board as is mentioned in paragraph (a) thereof.

(4) Except in so far as may be otherwise agreed in writing, where the undertakers discharge water during an emergency, they shall forthwith give to the boards, authorities and registered persons concerned notice thereof and such further particulars relating to the discharge as may reasonably be required.

(5) The undertakers shall take all pecessaiy steps to secure that any water discharged by them under the provisions of this section shall be as free as may be reasonably practicable from mud and silt, from solid, polluting, offensive or injurious matters, and from any matter prejudicial to fish or spawn, or to spawning beds or food of fish, and, if they fail to do so, shall be guilty of an offence against this Act. 6

(6) The powers of this section shall not be exercised so as to damage or affect injuriously any works or other property

597

1945- Water Act, 1945. Ch. 42.

of a railway company or a navigation authority, or so as to flood or damage any highway.

(7) In the exercise of the powers conferred by this section the undertakers shall do as -little damage as may be and shall pay compensation to all persons for any damage sustained by them or liability to which they may become subject by reason of the exercise of those powers and, for the purposes of this subsection, any extra expenditure which it becomes reasonably necessary for any public authority to incur for the purpose of properly discharging their statutory functions shall be deemed to be damage sustained by them.

Any question as to the amount of the compensation to be so paid shall be referred to an arbitrator to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the Minister.

35.—(1) Statutory water undertakers may, on the request Power to of any person to whom they supply or propose to supply supply water water, supply to him, by way either of sale or hire, any such fitting8# water fittings as are required or allowed by their byelaws, and may, on such request, instal, repair or alter (but not manufacture) any such water fittings, whether supplied by them or not, and may provide any materials and do any work required in connection with such installation, repair or alteration of water fittings.

The undertakers may make such charges as may be agreed or, in default of agreement, as may be reasonable for any fitting supplied, or any materials provided or work done, under this subsection and may recover such charges summarily as civil debts.

(2) If any fittings let for hire by the undertakers bear either a distinguishing metal plate affixed thereto, or a distinguishing brand or other mark conspicuously impressed or made thereon, sufficiently indicating the undertakers as the actual owners of the fittings, those fittings—

(a) shall, notwithstanding that they be fixed to some part

of the premises in which they are situated or be laid in the soil thereunder, continue to be the property of, and removable by, die undertakers; and

(b) shall not be subject to distress or to the landlord's remedy for rent, or be liable to be taken in execution under any process of any court or in any proceedings in bankruptcy against the persons in whose possession they may be:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect the valuation for rating of any rateable hereditament.

Part IV.

—cont.

598

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

Duty of

statutory

water

undertakers accept guarantees from local authorities.

(3) Where the undertakers are a local authority—

(a) the undertakers shall so adjust the charges to be made by them under this section as to meet any expenditure by them thereunder, including interest upon any moneys borrowed for the purposes thereof and any sums carried to a sinking fund for repayment of moneys so borrowed; and

(b) the total sums expended and received by the undertakers in connection with the purposes of tins section in each year, including interest and any sums carried to a sinking fund, shall be separately shown in the published accounts of the undertakers for that year.

(4) If any person wilfully or negligently injures or suffers to be injured any water fitting belonging to the undertakers, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds and the undertakers may do all such work as is necessary for repairing any injury done and may recover the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing from the offender summarily as a civil debt.

36.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect in any case where the owners or occupiers of any premises in any area can require statutory water undertakers to bring water to to that area if the aggregate amount of the water rates which will be payable annually in respect of those premises will not be less than a prescribed fraction of the cost to be incurred by the undertakers in complying with the requisition, and if the owners or occupiers of those premises agree to take a supply of water for a prescribed period.

(2) If, in any such case as aforesaid, the aggregate amount of the water rates which would be payable annually in respect of any premises in the area is not sufficient to enable a valid requisition to be made by the owners and occupiers of those premises, the local authority of the district in which the area is situated may undertake that, until the water rates payable for any year in respect of premises in that area amount to a sum which would have enabled such a requisition to be made, or until the expiration of a period of twelve years, whichever first occurs, the authority will make good to the undertakers in each year the difference between that sum and the amount received by the undertakers in respect of water supplied, whether for domestic or non-domestic purposes, in that year in respect of premises in that area, and thereupon the undertakers shall lay any necessary mains and bring water to that area.

(3) Any two or more local authorities may combine for the purpose of giving such an undertaking as aforesaid.

1945-

Ch. 42.

599

Water Act, 1945.

(4) If the undertakers, after tender to them of an under- Part iv. taking which satisfies the foregoing provisions of this section, —cont. do not before the expiration of three months lay the necessary

mains and bring water to the area in question, they shall, unless they show that the failure was due to unavoidable accident or other unavoidable cause, be guilty of an offence against this Act.

(5) In this section the expression " prescribed" means prescribed by the local enactments relating to the undertaking m question.

37.—(1) Where an owner of land proposes to erect thereon Duty of buildings for which a supply of water for domestic purposes ^de^ers will be needed, he may require any statutory water under- domStic* takers within whose limits of supply that land is situated to supply for lay any necessary maias and bring water thereto, and there- new buildings, upon die undertakers shall, subject as hereinafter provided, comply with that requisition:

Provided that the undertakers before complying with a requisition under this subsection—

(a) may require the owner to undertake to pay in respect of each year a sum amounting to one-eighth of the expense of providing and laying the necessary mains (less any amounts received by the undertakers in respect of water supplied, whether for domestic or non-domestic purposes, in that year from those mains) until the aggregate amount of water rates payable annually in respect of the buildings when erected and in respect of any other premises connected with the said mains at the rates for the time being charged by the undertakers equals or exceeds such sum as aforesaid or until the expiration of a period of twelve years, whichever first occurs; and

(b) except where the owner is a local or public authority, may also require him to deposit with the undertakers as security for payment of the said annual sums, such sum, not exceeding the total expense of laying and providing the mains, as the undertakers may require.

(2) The undertakers shall pay interest at the prescribed rate or, if no rate is prescribed, at four per cent, per annum on any sum in their hands by virtue of a requirement under paragraph (6) of the proviso to the last foregoing subsection, and shall, on the request of the owner of the land, appropriate out of that sum any amount due under the undertaking referred to in paragraph (a) of the said proviso and shall, when the said undertaking is finally discharged, repay to the owner any sum remaining in their hands as aforesaid.

6oo

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945*

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

Liability for, and recovery of, water rates.

(3) If the undertakers, after receipt of a requisition under subsection (1) of this section and after tender to them of any undertaking or deposit which they may require in accordance with that subsection, do not before the expiration of three months lay the necessary mains, and bring water to the land in question in accordance with the requisition, they shall, unless they show that the failure was due to unavoidable accident or other unavoidable cause, be guilty of an offence against this Act.

38.—(1) Water rates payable to statutory water undertakers, whether under the Public Health Act, 1936, or under any other enactment, shall be payable and recoverable in accordance with the provisions of this section and not otherwise.

(2) Except where an owner of premises who is not himself the occupier thereof is liable by or under any enactment, or by agreement with the undertakers, to pay the water rate for a supply of water to those premises, the water rate shall be payable by the occupier of the premises.

(3) The water rate payable by any person may after a demand therefor be recovered from him by the undertakers either summarily as a civil debt, or as a simple contract debt in any court of competent jurisdiction, and, subject as hereinafter provided and to the provisions of the next following subsection, where a person fails to pay within seven days after a demand therefor any instalment of a water rate payable by him in respect of any premises, the undertakers may cut off the supply of water to the premises and recover the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing in the same manner as the instalment due:

Provided that if, before the expiration of the said seven days, notice in writing is given to them that there is a dispute as to the amount due in respect of the water rate, or as to the liability to pay the rate, they shal not cut off the supply of water until the dispute has, on the application of either party, been settled by a court of summary jurisdiction.

(4) Where, at the date when an instalment of a water rate in respect of any premises becomes due, the owner of the premises is liable by or under any enactment, or by agreement with the undertakers, to pay the water rates for a supply of water to those premises and is not himself the occupier thereof, the undertakers shall not cut off the supply of water to the premises for a failure by him to pay that instalment, but that instalment, without prejudice to the right of the undertakers to enforce payment thereof by him, may be recovered by them either from the owner for the time being, or, subject as hereinafter provided, from the occupier for

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

601

the time being , of the premises, in the manner in which water Part IV. rates are recoverable: —con*.

Provided that, where the occupier of the premises is not the owner thereof,—

(a) proceedings shall not be commenced under this subsection against the occupier until notice has been given to him requiring him to pay the amount due out of any rent which is then due, or which may thereafter become due, from him, and he has failed to comply with the notice; and

(b) no greater sum shall be recovered at any one time from die occupier than the amount of rent which is owing by him, or which has accrued since such notice as aforesaid was given to him; and

(c) if the occupier, as between himself and the owner of the premises, is not liable to pay the water rate, he shall be entitied to deduct from the rent payable by him any sum paid by him in compliance with the notice, or so recovered from him.

(5) If any water supply is cut off by the undertakers in contravention of the provisions of this section, they shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds for each day during which the water remains cut off.

(6) In this section the expression " water rate " includes any additional charge payable to the undertakers in respect of a supply of water for domestic purposes within the meaning of that expression as used in the enactments relating to the undertakers.

(7) Nothing in this section shall affect any enactment under which undertakers who are also a rating authority may be empowered to collect water rates, rents or charges together with general rates, or to recover water rates, rents or charges in the same manner as general rates.

39.—(1) Where, in the exercise of their powers under the Notice to be last foregoing section or for any other reason, statutory water to undertakers cut off the supply of water to an inhabited house, authority of they shall within forty-eight hours give notice that they have water done so to the local authority of the district in which the supply to house is situated and, if they fail to do so, shall be liable on inhabited summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds. cut (2) This section shall not apply to the administrative county of London.

40.—(1) The Minister, on an application made to him by Power of any statutory water undertakers supplying water unaer a local enactment, or by a local authority within whose county or ^tes district any such undertakers supply water, or by twenty or charges.

602

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6

Part IV.

—cont.

Power of companies to issue

redeemable

stock.

more persons supplied with water by any such undertakers, may by order make such alteration in the rates and charges which the undertakers are authorised to levy and make as he considers reasonable:

Provided that, where the undertakers are a company, he shall not make any alteration by way of reduction unless he is satisfied that it will not endanger their ability, so long as their undertaking is managed efficiently, to provide a reasonable return upon the paid-up capital of the undertaking (regard being had by him to any capital which the undertakers may reasonably be expected to expend during the next five years) after paying all proper expenses of and connected with the working, management and maintenance of the undertaking, providing for any contributions which the undertakers may lawfully carry to any reserve fund or contingency fund, making good depreciation (in so far as provision therefor is not made by any such fund as aforesaid), and meeting all other costs, charges and expenses, if any, properly chargeable to revenue.

(2) The provisions of Part V of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to the making of applications and orders under this section.

(3) Unless the Minister considers that exceptional circumstances exist, he shall not vary an order made under this section before the expiration of a period of five years beginning with the date of the said order or, if it has already been varied, the last variation thereof.

(4) In relation to any period during which an order made under this section is in operation, the enactments relating to the undertakers shall have effect as if the rates and charges specified in the order made under this section were substituted for the rates' and charges specified in those enactments.

41.—(1) This section applies to all statutory water undertakers being companies who have before the commencement of this Act created and issued any redeemable stock, or who at any time after that date may nave authority to create and issue any stock, and in this section unless the context otherwise requires—

" stock" means preference stock and debenture stock;

" preference stock " includes preference shares;

" issue " includes re-issue;

" redeemable stock" means stock issued so as to be redeemable;

0 redeemed stock" means redeemable stock which has been redeemed and is available for issue under the provisions of this section.

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

603

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, the undertakers Part iv. may from time to time issue so as to be redeemable any stock —com. created by them and any redeemed stock:

Provided that no redeemed stock shall be issued except for the purpose of effecting the redemption of redeemable stock under the provisions of this section, unless the issue is authorised by a resolution of a general meeting of the undertakers.

(3) Redeemable stock may be redeemed either by paying off the stock, or by issuing to an assenting holder of the stock other stock in substitution therefor, and for the purpose of raising money to pay off, or of providing stock in substitution for, any redeemable stock the undertakers may create new stock or issue redeemed stock, in either case so as to be redeemable or irredeemable, as they think fit:

Provided that—

(a) no new stock shall be created, nor shall any redeemed

stock be issued, so as to make the total amount of any particular class of stock exceed the amount of stock of that class which the undertakers are for the time being authorised to create except during an interval of three months between the creation, or, in the case of redeemed stock, the issue, of the stock and the completion of the redemption of the redeemable stock for the purpose of redeeming which the stock of that particular class is proposed to be so created or issued; and

(b) during such interval as aforesaid the amount raised by means of any preference stock so created or issued shall, for the purposes of any enactment regulating the borrowing powers of the undertakers, be deemed not to have been raised.

(4) The redemption of any preference stock issued so as to be redeemable, shall not affect the validity of any mortgage, or debenture stock, if the grant or issue thereof by the undertakers was lawful in the circumstances existing at the date of the grant or issue.

(5) Redeemable stock shall bear such rate of dividend or interest, not exceeding such maximum rate, if any, as may be prescribed in respect of the particular class of stock, and shall be redeemable at such time and in such manner and subject otherwise to such terms and conditions, as the undertakers may before the issue thereof determine:

Provided that the terms and conditions of redemption upon which any redeemable stock is issued shall be stated in any

604

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IV. offer by the undertakers of such stock for sale and in every

—cont' certificate of such stock, and no term or condition of redemp-

tion which is not so stated shall be binding upon the holder of the stock.

(6) The undertakers shall not redeem out of revenue any redeemable stock, but any discount allowed on the issue, or any premium payable on the redemption, thereof may be written off out of revenue.

(7) Nothing in any enactment relating to the undertakers shall require any stock created or issued under this section solely in substitution for any redeemable stock to be offered for sale by auction or tender:

Provided that the undertakers shall not without the approval of the Minister issue any such preference stock, if the amount required to pay the full- dividend thereon will exceed the amount required to pay the full dividend on the stock in substitution for which the new stock is issued, but no holder of the stock shall be concerned to inquire whether any approval required by this subsection has been given.

(8) For the purpose of any enactment relating to stamp duty, the share capital of the undertaking shall be deemed not to have been increased by the issue of share capital in pursuance of this section for the purpose of redeeming preference stock, if the preference stock is redeemed before the expiration of such an interval as is mentioned in the provisos to subsection (3) of this section.

(9) Nothing in this section shall be taken as authorising the issue of any stock without compliance with the require-' ments of any Regulation for the time being in force under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940.

Accounts of 42.—(1) Where statutory water undertakers are a corn-

companies to pany, they shall in each year after that in which they com-annuaiiy and mence to supply water, or, if they are supplying water at abstracts sent the commencement of this Act, in each year after the com-to the Minister mencement thereof, prepare in such form as the Minister may and local direct an abstract of the accounts of their undertaking for the authorities. preceding year showing under the appropriate heads their income and expenditure, the amount standing to the credit of any reserve or contingency fund and the balances brought forward and carried forward respectively, and the abstract so prepared shall be signed by the chairman of the undertakers and certified by the auditors of the undertaking.

I945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

605

(2) A copy of the said abstract so signed and certified shall be transmitted forthwith to the Minister and to the clerk of the local authority of every county and district within which the undertakers supply water or have any waterworks.

(3) If any of the foregoing provisions of this section is not complied with, the undertakers shall in respect of each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

43. Where the statutory water undertakers are a company then notwithstanding anything in the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, as applied by any enactment to that company—

(a) any person employed as chief engineer, general manager or secretary of the company may be appointed a director of the company whether he is a shareholder in the company or not, but not so as to increase the number of the directors beyond the maximum number prescribed by any enactment relating to the company;

(b) a person appointed a director of the company by virtue of the last foregoing paragraph shall not cease to be a director by reason that he is employed as aforesaid;

(c) any such appointment may be made by the directors of the company as well as in manner provided by the said Act;

(d) the provisions of the said Act requiring directors to retire by rotation shall have effect as if a person appointed by virtue of this section were not a director:

Provided 'that—

(i) not more than one director of the company shall hold

office at the same time by virtue of this section; and (ii)

(ii) any person appointed by the directors by virtue of this section shall cease to be a director as from the date of the next ordinary general meeting of the company, unless the appointment is approved at that meeting by a majority of the votes of the proprietors of the company entitled to vote or voting, whether personally or by proxy, at the meeting.

Part IV.

—cont.

Appointment of officers as directors.

8 & 9 Vict, c. 16.

6o6

Ch. 42.

Woofer Ac*, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo 6.

Compensation to officers of statutory water undertakers.

False

information.

PART V.

General.

44. If, in consequence of any order made under this Act, or anything done in pursuance thereof, any person who immediately before the date of operation of the order, was an officer or servant of any statutory water undertakers affected by the order, suffers direct pecuniary loss by reason of the determination of his employment or the diminution of his emoluments, he shall, unless provision for his compensation for that loss is made by or under any other enactment for the time being in force, be entitled to receive compensation under this section from such statutory water undertakers as may be specified in the order; and for the purposes of any claim for compensation under this section, the provisions of subsections (2) (3) and (6) of section one hundred and fifty of the Local Government Act, 1933, and of the Fourth Schedule to that Act shall have effect as if—

(a) references to a scheme or order made under Part VI of that Act were construed as references to the said order made under this Act; and

(b) the expression " existing officer " in the said subsections meant any person who, immediately before the date of operation of the said order, was an officer or servant employed by any statutory water undertakers affected by the order; and

(c) references to a local authority or to the local authority were construed as references to statutory water undertakers or to the statutory water undertakers.

45. Any person who—

(a) in keeping any record or journal or in furnishing any

return, abstract or information which he is required by or under this Act to keep or furnish, lmowingly or recklessly makes any statement which is false in a material particular; or

(b) for the purpose of obtaining any licence from the Minister under this Act, knowingly makes any statement which is false in a material particular;

shall be liable in respect of each offence—

(i) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty

pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment;

(ii) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

607

46. Proceedings in respect of an offence created by or Part V.

under any of the provisions of this Act shall not, without the —cont.

written consent of the Attorney-General, be taken by any Restriction on person other than the Minister, a local authority, statutory n8ht to water undertakers or person aggrieved or, in the case of an prosecu offence relating to a watercourse within a fishery district, the

fishery board for that district.

47. Any person guilty of an offence against this Act shall, Penalties for except where the provision by or under which the offence is offences, created provides for the penalty to be imposed, be liable in

respect of each offence—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds and in the case of a continuing offence to a further fine not exceeding five pounds ior every day during which the offence is continued after conviction;

(6) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds and in the case of a continuing offence to a further fine not exceeding twenty pounds for every day during which the offence is continued after conviction.

48. —(1) Where any right of entry is conferred by any of Entry of the foregoing provisions of this Act, the following provisions Premises* of this section shall apply.

(2) Admission to any premises, not being a factory within

the meaning of the Factories Act, 1937, or a place in which 1 Edw. 8 & persons are employed otherwise than in domestic service, shall1 Geo-6-c- 67* not be demanded as of right unless twenty-four hours’ notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

(3) If it is shown to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace on sworn information in writing—

(a) that admission to any premises which any person is entitled to enter by virtue of such a right of entry has been refused to that person, or that refusal is apprehended, or that the premises are unoccupied or the occupier is temporarily absent, or that the case is one of urgency, or that an application for admission would defeat the object of the entry; and

(b) that there is reasonable ground for enby into the premises for any purpose ior which the right of entry is exercisable;

the justice may by warrant under his hand authorise that person to enter the premises if need be by force:

le

6o8

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part V.

—cont.

Inquiries by Ministers.

Provided that such a warrant shall not be issued unless the justice is satisfied either that notice of the intention to apply for a warrant has been given to the occupier, or that the premises are unoccupied, or that the occupier is temporarily absent, or that the case is one of urgency, or that the giving of such notice would defeat the object of the entry.

(4) Any person entitled to enter any premises by virtue of such a nght of entry, or of a warrant issued under this section, may take with him such other persons as may be necessary, and on leaving any unoccupied premises which he has entered by virtue of such a warrant shall leave them as effectually secured against trespassers as he found them.

(5) Every warrant granted under this section shall continue in force until the purpose for which the entry is necessary‘has been satisfied.

(6) If any person who, in compliance with any of the foregoing provisions of this Act or with a warrant issued thereunder, is admitted into any premises discloses to any person any information obtained by him there with regard to any manufacturing process or trade secret, he shall, unless such disclosure was made in the performance of his duty, be liable in respect of each offence—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(7) Any person who wilfully obstructs any person upon whom a right of entry has been conferred by any of the foregoing provisions of this Act or by a warrant issued under this section shall, in respect of each offence, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(8) This section, except subsection (6) thereof, shall not apply to any right conferred by section seven of this Act.

49.—(1) The Minister may cause such inquiries to be held as he may consider necessary in connection with the discharge by him of any of his functions under this Act

(2) The provisions of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933, shall apply to all inquiries held by the Minister or the Minister 01 Agriculture and Fisheries or the Minister of Town and Country Planning

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

609

under this Act, and the reference in subsection (4) of the said Part V. section to a local authority shall be construed as including a cont-reference to any water undertakers concerned in the inquiry.

50. Any power conferred on the Minister by this Act to Power to make orders shall be deemed to include a power, exercisable ^voke^and in the like manner and subject to the like conditions, to vary vary or ers‘ or revoke any such order.

51. —(1) The Minister may make regulations prescribing Regulations, anything required to be prescribed for the purpose of any provision of this Act.

(2) All regulations made under this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are .made, and if either House of Parliament, within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such regulations are laid before it, resolves that the regulations be annulled, the regulations shall cease to have effect, but without prejudice to anything previously done thereunder or to the making of any new regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

52. Any expenses incurred by the Minister in the exercise Expenses of of his functions under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys Minister, provided by Parliament.

53. Any expenses incurred by the Common Council of the Expenses of City of London in the exercise of their functions under this Common Act shall be defrayed as part of their general expenses. Council.

54. All notices, consents, approvals, demands and other Notices, etc., documents authorised or required by or under this Act orto in any local enactment incorporating any provisions of the wnting' Third Schedule to this Act to be given, made, or issued by

- the Minister or any authority, board or water undertakers, and all notices and applications authorised or required by or under this Act or any such local enactment, to be given or made to the Minister or to, or to any officer of, any authority, board or water undertakers shall be in writing. 55

55. —(1) Any notice, consent, approval, demand or other Authenti-document which any authority, board or water undertakers

are authorised or required by, or under, this Act or any local u en " enactment incorporating any provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act to give make or issue may be signed—

(a) on behalf of a local authority,—

(i) by the clerk of the authority;

K 4 2 Q

6io

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6*

Part V.

—cont.

Service of notices, etc.

(ii) by the water engineer or manager of the water department or the surveyor or the chief financial officer of the authority as respects documents relating to matters within their respective provinces;

(iii) by any officer of the authority authorised by them in writing to sign documents of the particular kind or, as the case may be, the particular document;

(6) on behalf of any board or any authority other than a local authority, by the clerk or secretary of the board or authority;

(c) on behalf of water undertakers not being a local authority,—

(i) by the clerk or secretary of the undertakers;

(ii) by any other officer of the undertakers authorised by them in writing to sign documents of the particular kind or, as the case may be, the particular document.

. (2) Any document purporting to bear the signature of any person expressed to hold an office by virtue of which he is under this section empowered to sign such a document, or expressed to be duly authorised by the authority, board or water undertakers to sign such a document or the particular document shall for the purposes of this Act or any local enactment incorporating any provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act, and of any byelaws made thereunder, be deemed, until the contrary is proved, to be duly given, made or issued by authority of the authority, board or undertakers concerned.

In this subsection the expression " signature " includes a facsimile of a signature by whatever process reproduced. 56 *

56. Any notice, consent, approval, demand or other document which is required or authorised by, or under, this Act or any local enactment incorporating any provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act, to be given to or served on any person may, in any case where no other provision as respects service is made by that local enactment, be given or served either—

(a) by delivering it to that person; or

(b) in the case of an officer of any local authority, water undertakers or navigation authority, by leaving it.

*945-

Water Act, 1945. Ch. 42. 611

or sending it in a prepaid letter addressed to him, Part v. at his office; or —cont.

(c) in the case of any other person, by leaving it or sending it in a prepaid letter to him, at his usual or last known residence; or

(d) in the case of an incorporated company or body, by delivering it to their clerk or secretary at their registered or principal office, or by sending it in a prepaid letter addressed to him at that office; or

(e) in the case of a document to be given to, or served on, a person as being the owner of any premises by virtue of the fact that he receives the rackrent thereof as an agent for another, or would so receive it if the premises were let at a rackrent, by leaving it, or sending it in a prepaid letter addressed to him, at his place of business; or

(/)in the case of a document to be given to or served on the owner or occupier of any premises, if it is not practicable after reasonable enquiry to ascertain the name and address of the person to or on whom it should be given or served, or if the premises are unoccupied, by addressing it to the person concerned by the description of " owner " or " occupier " of the premises (naming them) to which it relates, and delivering to some person on the premises, or if there is no person on the premises to whom it can be delivered, by affixing it, or a copy of it, to some conspicuous part of the premises.

57. In any proceedings under this Act, or any local enact- Proof of ment incorporating any provisions of the Third Schedule ^solutions, to this Act, a document purporting to be certified by theetc* clerk of any local authority, or the clerk or secretary of any

board or any authority other than a local authority or of any water undertakers, as a copy of a resolution or order passed or made by them on a specified date, or as a copy of the appointment of, or of any authority given to, an officer of the authority, board or undertakers on a specified date, shall be evidence that that resolution, order, appointment or authority was duly passed, made, or given by the authority, , board or undertakers concerned on the said date. 58

58. No judge of any court or justice of the peace shall be Judges and

disqualified from acting in cases arising under this Act or justices not under any local enactment incorporating any provisions of the by

Third Schedule to this Act, by reason only 01 his being liable rates.

to pay any rate or charge thereunder, or by reason only of

2Q2

6l2

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part V.

—cont.

Interpretation.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 44.

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 16.

his being liable, as one of several ratepayers or as one of any other class of persons, in common with the others to contribute to, or to be affected by, any rate or fund out of which any expenses of water undertakers are to be defrayed.

59.—(1) In this Act the following expressions shall, subject to any express provision or anything in the context to the contrary, have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" catchment board " and " catchment area," in relation to such a board, have the same meanings as in the Land Drainage Act, 1930;

" clerk ", in relation to a local authority being the council of a borough, means the town clerk;

" contravention " includes failure to comply, and " contravene " shall be construed accordingly;

" county district" means a non-county borough, urban district or rural district;

" cut off," in relation to a supply of water, means stop the supply, whether by operating a tap, by disconnecting pipes, or otherwise;

" district," in relation to the council of a borough, means that borough and, in relation to the Common Council of the City of London, means the City of London;

41 enactment" means any Act of Parliament, whether public general, local or private, any statutory order, or any provision in an Act of Parliament or statutory order;

44 fishery board " and " fishery district " have the same meanings as in the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1923;

" joint water board" means any joint board of local authorities constituted under section six of the Public Health Act, 1936, or any enactment repealed by that Act, or under any local enactment, for the purpose of discharging functions relating to water supply, and any joint board of local authorities constituted under section nine of this Act;

" land " includes any interest in land and any easement or right in, to or over land;

* limits of supply ", in relation to any water undertaking, means the limits within which the undertakers are for the time being authorised to supply water, so, however, that when used in relation to undertakers

1945*

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

613

expressed to be supplying water under a local enactment, it means the limits within which they are authorised to supply water under such an enactment;

" local authority" means the council of a county, county borough or county district, the Common Council of the City of London or the council of a metropolitan borough;

" local enactment" means any local Act of Parliament, any public general Act of Parliament relating to the supply of water in London, any statutory order or any provision in any such Act of Parliament or statutory order;

" Minister" means Minister of Health;

" navigation authority" means any person or body of persons, whether incorporated or not, having powers under an enactment to work, maintain, conserve, improve or control any canal or other inland navigation, navigable river, estuary, harbour or dock;

" owner " means, except in the Second Schedule to this Act, the person for the time being receiving the rack-rent of the premises in connection with which the word is used, whether on his own account or as agent or trustee for any other person, or who would so receive the same if those premises were let at a rackrent;

" premises " includes land;

" prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister under this Act;

*' railway company" means any persons authorised by an enactment to construct, work or carry on a railway, and includes the London Passenger Transport Board;

" rivers board" means a joint committee, board or other body constituted under subsection (3) of section fourteen of the Local Government Act, 1888, or by | or under a local Act, for the purpose of exercising powers of a sanitary authority under the Rivers 3' Pollution Prevention Act, 1870; c‘

" statutory order" means an order or scheme made under an Act of Parliament, including an order or scheme confirmed by Parliament;

" statutory water undertakers" means any company, local authority, board, committee, or other person supplying water under an enactment, and also includes, for the purposes of Part II of this Act

Part V. — con

& 52 Vict. 41*

1 & 40 Vict 75.

614

Oh* 42*

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part V.

—cont.

Provision as to work involving alteration of telegraphic lines.

41 & 42 Vict, c. 76.

Saving for protective provisions in other Acts.

only, any local authority authorised to supply water by the Public Health Act, 1936, but not actually supplying water under that Act, but the said expression does not include a railway company or navigation authority having statutory power to sell surplus water or any body or person supplying water solely for the purpose of producing motive power by hydraulic pressure;

" street " includes any highway, including a highway over any bridge, and any road, lane, footway, square, court, alley or passage, whether a thoroughfare or not;

" supply of water in bulk" means a supply of water for distribution by the undertakers taking file supply;

" watercourse " includes all rivers, streams, ditches, drains, cuts, culverts, dykes, sluices, sewers (other than sewers vested in a local authority or a joint board of local authorities) and passages, through which water flows;

" water fittings " includes pipes (other than mains), taps, cocks, valves, ferrules, meters, cisterns, baths, water-closets, soil-pans and other similar apparatus used in connection with the supply and use of water.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as including references to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment including this Act.

(3) This section shall not apply for the purposes of the Third Schedule to this Act.

60. The expression " Act of Parliament " in section seven of the Telegraph Act, 1878 (which makes provision as to work done in pursuance of Acts of Parliament involving any telegraphic lmes) shall be construed as including any order made unaer this Act authorising the execution of works. 61

61. Except with the consent of the persons interested, no order made under section thirty-two of this Act shall abrogate or affect—

(a) any provision contained in a local enactment for the protection or benefit of any specified person or class of persons or body of persons, whether incorporated or not;

(b) any provision contained in a local enactment for conferring on or preserving to the public rights of enjoyment of air, exercise and recreation on land or rights of access to land for those purposes or for conferring any right of way;

1945- Water Act, 1945. Ch. 42.

(c) any provision contained in a local enactment with respect to the quantity of compensation water to be discharged into any watercourse or the periods during which or the manner in which such compensation water is to be discharged.

62. The enactments mentioned in the Fifth Schedule Repeals, to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the

third column thereof:

Provided that this repeal shall not affect any byelaw in force at the commencement of this Act and made for purposes similar to the purposes for which byelaws can be made under this Act, or any order made under the Water Undertakings Geo. 5.

(Modification of Charges) Act, 1921, in force immediatelyc* 44* before the commencement of this Act.

63. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Water Act, 1945. Short title»

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern commence-

Ireland. meT

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Procedure for making Orders, approving Agreements and

MAKING AND CONFIRMING BYELAWS.

Part I.

Orders made by the Minister under sections 9 (1), 10 (1), 23, 26 (2), section 32 (2) (if made on application of undertakers) and section 33.

1. An application by a company for an order under subsection (1) of section nine or subsection (1) of section ten of this Act or an order under section twenty-three thereof authorising the raising of capital or the borrowing of money must be authorised, if the company is a company within the Companies Act, 1929, by a special resolution of the 19 & 20 Geo. 5. members passed in the manner provided in Part IV of that Act, and, c. 23.

if the company is not such a company, by a resolution passed by three-fourths in value and number of the members present, either personally or by proxy, at a special meeting of which not less than twenty-one days* notice specifying the resolution has been duly given.

2. Applicants for any order to which this Part of this Schedule applies shall submit to the Minister a draft of the order which they desire him to make and shall publish once at least in each of two successive weeks in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area affected by the order a notice—

(a) stating the general effect of the order;

Sections 9, 10, 12, 14, 19. 23. 26, 32 and 33.

615

Part V.

—cent.

6i6

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

ist Sch. (6) specifying a place in the said area where a copy of the draft

— cotit. order and of any relevant map or plan may be inspected by

any person free of charge at all reasonable hours during a period of twenty-eight days from the date of the first publication of the notice;

(c) stating that, within the said period, any person may by notice to the Minister object to the application.

If it appears to the Minister in the case of an order relating to the Metropolitan Water Board that publication in local newspapers under this paragraph is unnecessary as respects any part of the said area, he may dispense with such publication as respects that part.

3. Not later than the date on which the said notice is first published, the applicants shall serve a copy thereof-—

(i) on the local authority of every county or district comprised

wholly or partly in the area affected by the order;

(ii) except where the application is for an order only authorising the raising of capital or the borrowing of money, on the catchment board of any catchment area comprised wholly or partly in the area affected by the order; and

(iii) where it is proposed that the order shall authorise the execution of works, on the fishery board of any fishery district within which works are to be executed, and on any navigation authority or rivers board exercising functions in relation to a watercourse affected by the works proposed to be executed;

(iv) where it is proposed that the order shall authorise the acquisition of rights to take water, on the catchment board of any catchment area, the fishery board of any fishery district, and any navigation authority or rivers board having jurisdiction over any watercourse, from which water is to be taken under the rights acquired;

and, in the case of a copy to be served on the council of a county, shall attach thereto a copy of the draft order.

4. The applicants shall also publish in the London Gazette a notice stating that they are about to apply for an order under this section, naming the counties and districts comprised wholly or partly in the area affected by the order, specifying a place where a copy of the draft order and of any relevant map or plan may be inspected, and giving the name and date of issue of a local newspaper in which the notice explaining the efEect of the order applied for will be found.

5. The applicants shall, at the request of any person interested, furnish to him a copy of the draft order upon payment of such charge, not exceeding two shillings, as they think reasonable.

6. The Minister may make an order in the terms of the draft submitted to him or in those terms as modified in such manner as he thinks fit, but where he proposes to make any modification and considers that persons other than the applicants may be adversely affected thereby, he shall require the applicants to give and publish additional notices in such manner as he thinks best adapted for informing all persons so affected of the modification proposed.

7. If, before the expiration of the twenty-eight days referred to in paragraph 2 of this Part of this Schedule, or of twenty-five days from

T945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

617

the publication of the said notice in the London Gazette, or before the expiration of any period specified in notices given under the last foregoing paragraph, an objection is received by the Minister from any board or authority on whom a notice is required to be served under paragraph 3 of this Part of this Schedule, or from any other person appearing to him to be affected by the application, or, as the case may be, by the proposed modification, and the objection is not withdrawn, the Minister, before making any order on the application, shall cause a local inquiry to be held.

8. On the making of an order to which this Part of this Schedule applies, the Minister shall give notice of the making of the order and the effect thereof to any person who has objected thereto under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Schedule, and has not withdrawn that objection, and in that case the order shall not have effect until the expiration of twenty-eight days from the date of the said notice, and if within that period any such person gives notice to the Minister that he objects to the order and the objection is not withdrawn the order shall be provisional only and shall not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament.

9. The costs incurred by the Minister in connection with the making, notification and confirmation of an order under this Part of this Schedule shall be paid by the applicants and the Minister may, in a case where there are two or more applicants, apportion such costs between them, and may require the applicants to give security for the payment of such costs.

10. In this Part of this Schedule the expression " area affected by the order " means, in relation to any order, the limits of supply or proposed limits of supply of the undertakers or proposed undertakers to whose undertaking the order relates and also includes, if the order authorises the execution of works, the site of those works.

Part II.

Orders made by the Minister under sections 9 (2), 10 (2), 12 (3) and 14 (1) and (if no application by undertakers) section 32 (2).

11. Before making an order to which this Part of this Schedule applies, the Minister shall publish once at least in each of two successive weeks in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area affected by the order a notice—

(a) stating the general effect of the order;

(b) specifying a place in the said area where a copy of the draft order and of any relevant map or plan may ibe inspected by any person free of charge at all reasonable hours during a period of twenty-eight days from the date of the first publication of the notice; and

(c) stating that, within the said period, any person may by notice to the Minister object to the making of the order.

If it appears to the Minister in the case of an order relating to the Metropolitan Water Board that publication in local newspapers under this paragraph is unnecessary as respects any part of the said area, such publication shall not be required as respects that part.

1ST SCH.

cont.

6i8

Ch. 42. Water Act, 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

ist Sch. 12. Nat later than the date on which the said notice is first pub-—coni. lished, the Minister shall serve a copy thereof—

(i) on the local authority of every county or district comprised wholly or partly in the area affected by the order;

(ii) on the catchment board of any catchment area comprised wholly or partly in the said area; and

(iii) on any statutory water undertakers to whom the order relates or whose limits of supply are comprised wholly or partly in the area affected by the order; and

(iv) where it is proposed that the order shall authorise the execution of works, on the fishery board of any fishery district within which works are to be executed, and on any navigation authority or rivers board exercising functions in relation to a watercourse affected by the works proposed to be executed; and

(v) where it is proposed that the order shall provide for the furnishing of a supply of water in bulk, on the catchment board for any catchment area, the fishery board of any fishery district, and any rivers board having jurisdiction over any watercourse, from which water is taken by the persons who are to give the bulk supply;

and in the case of a copy to be served on the council of a county shall attach thereto a copy of the draft order.

13. The Minister shall also publish in the London Gazette a notice stating that he is about to make the order, naming the counties and districts comprised wholly or partly in the area affected by the order, specifying a place where a copy of the draft order and of any relevant map or plan may be inspected, and giving the name and date of issue of a local newspaper in which the notice explaining the effect of the order will be found.

14. The Minister shall, at the request of any person interested, furnish him with a copy of the draft order upon payment of such charge, not exceeding two shillings, as he thinks reasonable.

15. The Minister may make the order either in the terms of the draft or in those terms as modified in such manner as he thinks fit, but, where he proposes to make any modification and considers that persons, other than the water undertakers to whom the order relates, may be adversely affected thereby, he shall give and publish additional notices in such manner as he thinks best adapted for informing all persons likely to be so affected of the modification proposed. 16

16. If, before the expiration of the twenty-eight days referred to in paragraph 11 of this Part of this Schedule, or of twenty-five days from the publication of the said notice in the London Gazette, or before the expiration of any period specified in notices given under the last foregoing paragraph, an objection is received by the Minister from any board or authority on whom a notice is required to be served under paragraph 12 of this Part of this Schedule, or from any other person appearing to him to be affected by the order, or, as the case may be, by the proposed modification, and the objection is not withdrawn, the Minister, before making the order, shall cause a local inquiry to 'be held.

*945-

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

619

17. On the making of any order to which this Part of this Schedule ist Sch.

applies, the Minister shall give notice of the making of the order and —cont.

the effect thereof to any person who has objected thereto under the ioregoing provisions of this Part of this Schedule, and has not withdrawn that objection, and in that case the order shall not have effect

until the expiration of twenty-eight days from the date of the said notice, and if within that period any such person gives notice to the Minister that he objects to the order and the objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be provisional only and shall not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament.

18. The costs incurred by the Minister in- connection with the making, notification and confirmation of an order under this Part of this Schedule shall be paid by the undertakers to which the order relates, and, if there are two or more such undertakers, the Minister may apportion such costs between them, and may require the undertakers to give security for the payment of such costs.

19. In this Part of this Schedule the expression " area " affected by the order " means, in relation to any order, the limits of supply or proposed limits of supply of the undertakers or proposed undertakers to whose undertaking the order relates and also includes, if the order authorises the execution of works, the site of those works:

Provided that, in relation to any order made under section fourteen of this Act, the said expression means the area defined by that order.

Part III.

Agreements made by statutory water undertakers under section 12

and section 26.

20. Statutory water undertakers who propose to enter into an agreement to which this Part of this Schedule applies shall publish •once at least in each of two successive weeks in one or more local newspapers circulating within their limits of supply, a notice explaining the effect of the proposals and stating that objections thereto may be made to the Minister within twenty-eight days after the first publication of the notice, and shall send a copy of the notice to the council of any county, the catchment board of any catchment area, the fishery board of any fishery district, and any navigation authority or rivers boards exercising functions in relation to any watercourse, from which water is obtained by the persons who propose to give the •supply, or, as the case may be, from which the water is proposed to be taken under the rights to be acquired.

If it appears to the Minister in the case of an agreement to which the Metropolitan Water Board is a party that publication in local newspapers is unnecessary as respects any part of the Board's limits of supply, he may dispense with such publication as respects that part.

21. The statutory water undertakers shall also publish in the London Gazette a notice stating that they propose to enter into such an agreement as aforesaid with the persons specified in the notice and giving the name and date of issue of a local newspaper in which the notice explaining the effect of the proposals will be found.

22. The Minister shall not approve the agreement, before the expiration of the said twenty-eight days, or before the expiration of twenty-five days from the publication of the said notice in the London Gazette, and before approving it shall consider any objections which

620

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

ist Sch. may have been received by him before the expiration of either of the

—cont. said periods, and if before such expiration an objection is received

by the Minister from any such catchment board, fishery board or navigation authority as is referred to in subsection (2) of section twelve or subsection (6) of section twenty-six of this Act, as the case may be, and the objection is not withdrawn, the Minister, before approving the agreement by order in accordance with the said subsection, shall cause a local inquiry to be held.

23. On approving by order any agreement to which this Part of this Schedule applies, the Minister shall give notice of the making of the order to any catchment board, fishery board or navigation authority mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph who have objected to the approval of the agreement and have not withdrawn that objection, and in that case the order shall not have effect until the expiration of twenty-eight days from the date of the said notice, and if within that period any such board or authority give notice to the Minister that they object to the order and the objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be provisional only and shall not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament.

24. The costs incurred by the Minister in connection with the approval of agreements under this Part of this Schedule (whether by order or otherwise) and the confirmation of orders thereunder shall be paid by the undertakers to which the agreement or order relates, and, in a case where there are two or more such undertakers, the Minister may apportion such costs between them, and may require die undertakers to give security for the payment of such costs.

Part IV.

Byelaws made by statutory water undertakers under section 17 and section 18.

25. Byelaws to which this Part of this Schedule applies shall be made under the common seal of the undertakers, and shall not have effect until they are confirmed by the Minister.

26. At least one month before application for confirmation of the byelaws is made—

(a) notice of the intention to apply for confirmation shall be • published in the London Gazette and in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area to which the byelaws apply; and

(b) a copy of the byelaws shall be sent to the council of every district wholly or partly comprised in the area to which the byelaws apply, and, in the case of byelaws made under section eighteen of this Act, to the council of every county and the fishery board of any fishery district and the catchment board for any catchment area wholly or partly comprised in the area to which the byelaws apply and to any rivers board having jurisdiction in any part of the last-named area. 27 *

27. For at least one month before such application is made, a

copy of the byelaws shall be deposited at the offices of the under-

takers and shall at all reasonable hours be open to public inspection

without payment and, in the case of byelaws made under section

eighteen of this Act, a copy of the notice referred to in sub-paragraph

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

621

(0) of paragraph 26 of this Schedule shall be exhibited in some conspicuous place in each borough, urban district and rural parish wholly or partly comprised in the area to which the byelaws apply.

28. The undertakers shall, at the request of any person interested, furnish to him a copy of the proposed byelaws up6n payment of such sum not exceeding one shilling as they think reasonable.

29. The Minister may confirm, or refuse to confirm, any byelaw submitted to him under this Part of this Schedule for confirmation, and may fix the date on which the byelaw is to come into operation, but if no date is so fixed the byelaw shall come into operation at the expiration of one month from the date of its confirmation.

30. A copy of the byelaws, when confirmed, shall be printed and deposited at the offices of the undertakers and shall at all reasonable hours be open to public inspection without payment, and a copy thereof shall, on application, be furnished to any person on payment of such sum no* exceeding one shilling as the undertakers think reasonable.

31. The production of a printed copy of the byelaws, upon which is endorsed a certificate purporting to be signed by the clerk or secretary of the undertakers, stating—

(a) that the byelaws were made by the undertakers;

(ft) that the copy is a true copy of the byelaws;

(c) that on a specified date the byelaws were confirmed by the Minister;

(d) the date, if any, fixed by the Minister for the coming into operation of the byelaws:

shall be prima facie evidence of the facts stated in the certificate, and without proof of the handwriting or official position of any person purporting to sign a certificate in pursuance of this paragraph.

Part V.

Orders made by the Minister revising water rates and charges under

section 40. 32 33 34

32. Applicants for any order to which this Part of this Schedule applies shall publish once at least in each of two successive weeks in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area within which the undertakers are supplying water, a notice—

(a) stating the general effect of their proposals:

(b) stating that, during a period of twenty-eight days from the date of the first publication of the notice, any person may by notice to the Minister object to the application.

33. Not later than the date on which the said notice is first published, the applicants shall serve a copy thereof on the local authority of every county or district within which the undertakers are supplying water.

34. The applicants shall also publish in the London Gazette a notice stating that they are about to apply for an order under this section, naming the local authorities of the counties and districts within which the undertakers are supplying water and giving the name and date of issue of a local newspaper in which the notice explaining the effect of their proposals will be found.

1ST SCH.

—cont.

622

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6,

1ST SCH.

—cont.

Section 24.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

7^8 Geo. 6. c. 47.

35. If, before the expiration of the twenty-eight days referred to in paragraph 32 of this Part of this Schedule, or of twenty-five days from the publication of the said notice in the London Gazette, an objection is received by the Minister from any person appearing him to be affected by the application, and is not withdrawn, the Minister, before making* any order on the application, shall cause a local inquiry to be held.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Compulsory Purchase Orders.

Form,contents and procedure.

1. A compulsory purchase order made under this Act shall be in the prescribed form and shall describe by reference to a map the land to which it applies, and shall incorporate, subject to the modifications hereinafter mentioned and any necessary adaptations,—

(a) the Lands Clauses Acts (except sections one hundred and twenty-seven to one hundred and thirty-two of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845);

(b) in a case where the purchaser is a local authority or a joint water board, the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and Part II of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944; and

(c) Part IV of the Third Schedule to this Act.

2. The modifications subject to which the Lands Clauses Acts and the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall be incorporated in the order are as follows: —

(a) the arbitrator shall not take into account any building erected or any improvement or alteration made or any interest in land created after the date on which notice of the order having been made is published in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule if, in the opinion of the arbitrator, the erection of the building or the making of the improvement or alteration or the creation of the interest in respect of which a claim is made was not reasonably necessary and was carried out with a view to obtaining or increasing compensation;

(b) where any land to which an order relates is glebe land or other land belonging to an ecclesiastical benefice, the order shall provide that sums agreed upon or awarded for the purchase of the land, or to be paid by way of compensation for damage to be sustained by the owner by reason of severance or injury affecting the land, shall not be paid as directed by die Lands Clauses Acts, but shall be paid to* the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to be applied by them as money paid to them upon a sale, under the provisions of the Ecclesiastical Leasing Acts, of land belonging to a benefice.

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

623

3. Before submitting the order to the Minister, the local authority or undertakers shall—

(a) publish in one or mare local newspapers circulating within their limits or proposed limits of supply a notice in the prescribed form stating that such an order has been made and describing the area comprised therein and naming a place where a copy of the older and of the map (referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours; and

(b) serve on every owner, lessee and occupier (except tenants for a month or a less period than a month) of any land to which the order relates a notice in the prescribed form stating the effect of the order and that it is about to be submitted to the Minister for confirmation and specifying the time within and the manner in which objections thereto can be made.

4. If no objection is duly made by any of the persons upon whom notices are required to be served, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, then, subject to the provisions hereinafter in this Schedule contained, the Minister may, if he thinks fit, confirm the order with or without modification, but in any other case he shall, before confirming the order, cause a local inquiry to be held, and shall consider any objection not withdrawn and the report of the person who held the inquiry, and may then confirm the order either with or without modification:

Provided that the Minister may require any person who has made an objection to state in writing the grounds thereof and may confirm the order without causing a local inquiry to be held if he is satisfied that every objection duly made relates exclusively to matters which can be dealt with by the arbitrator by whom the compensation is to be assessed.

5. An order as confirmed by the Minister shall not, unless all persons interested consent, authorise the local authority or undertakers to purchase compulsorily any land which the order would not have authorised them so to purchase if it had been confirmed without modification.

6. In construing for the purposes of this Schedule or any order made thereunder any enactment incorporated in the order, this Act, together with the order, shall be deemed to be the special Act, and the local authority or undertakers shall be deemed to be the promoters-of the undertaking.

Validity and date of operation.

7. So soon as may be after a compulsory purchase order has been confirmed by the Minister, the local authority or undertakers shall publish in one or more local newspapers circulating in their limits or proposed hunts of supply a notice in the prescribed form stating that the order has been confirmed, and naming a place where a copy of the order as confirmed and of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours, and shall serve a like notice on every person who, having given notice to the Minister of his objection to the order, appeared at the public local inquiry ini support of his objection.

8. If any person aggrieved by such an order as aforesaid desires to question the validity thereof on the ground that it is not within

2ND SCH.

—cont.

624

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

2nd Sch. the powers of this Act or that any requirement of this Act has not

—cont. been complied with, he may, within six weeks after the publication

of the notice of confirmation or the order, make an application for the purpose to the High Court, and where any such application is duly made, the court—

(i) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order,

either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant until the final determination of the proceedings; and

(ii) if satisfied upon the hearing of the application that the order, is not within the powers of this Act or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of this Act not having been complied with, may quash the order, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant.

9. Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph, the order shall not be questioned by prohibition or certiorari or in any legal proceedings whatsoever, either before or after the order is confirmed, and shall become operative at the date on which notice of confirmation of the order is published in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.

10. Except by leave of the Court of Appeal, no appeal shall lie to the House of Lords from a decision of the Court of Appeal in proceedings under this Schedule.

Sections 12, 26, 32, 54 to 59.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Provisions to be incorporated in orders relating to

WATER UNDERTAKINGS.

Arrangement of sections.

Part I.

Sections

1. Definitions, &c.

Interpretation.

Part II.

Works and Lands.

2. Permissible limits of deviation.

3. Limit on powers of undertakers to take water.

4. General power to construct subsidiary works.

5. Power of undertakers to lay or erect telephone wires, &c.

6. Penalty for obstructing construction of works.

7. Power to acquire easements for underground works.

8. Persons under disability may grant easements, &c.

9. Extinction of private rights of way.

Part III.

Compensation Water.

10. Provisions as to compensation water.

Part IV.

Minerals underlying Water Works.

11. Undertakers not entitled to underlying minerals, unless

expressly purchased.

1945-

Ch. 42.

625

Water Act, 1945.

12. Map of underground works to be prepared and kept

up to date.

13. Mines lying near the works not .to be worked without notice

to undertakers.

14. If undertakers unwilling to f>ay compensation, mines may be

worked in usual manner.

15. Power to make mining communications where continuous

working is prevented.

16. Undertakers to pay compensation for expenses incurred by

reason of severance.

17. Undertakers may enter and inspect the working of mines.

18. Undertakers not exempted from liability for injury to mines.

Part V.

Power to lay Mains, &c.

19. Power to lay mains.

20. Conditions as to laying mains outside limits of supply.

21. Power to lay service pipes, &c.

Part VI.

Breaking Open Streets, &c.

22. Power to break open streets.

23. Notice to be given before breaking open streets, &c.

24. Streets, &c., not to be broken open except under supervision

of persons responsible therefor.

25. Protection for railway companies, navigation authorities,

tramway undertakers, etc.

26. Streets, &c., broken open to be reinstated without delay.

27. Remedies where undertakers fail to comply with foregoing

requirements.

28. Application of Part VI to verges and streets and highways

not maintainable at the public expense.

Part VII.

Supply of Water for Domestic Purposes.

29. Duty of undertakers to lay additional mains on certain con-

ditions.

30. Right to demand supply for domestic purposes.

31. Duty of undertakers as respects sufficiency and purity.

Part VIII.

Supply of Water for Public Purposes.

32. Undertakers to fix and maintain fire-hydrants on pipes.

33. Undertakers to deposit keys of hydrants at certain places.

34. Cost of hydrants.

35. Hydrants to be placed near factories, &c., at the request of

owners or occupiers.

36. Water to be taken to extinguish fires without charge.

37. Supply of water for cleansing sewers, &c., and for other

public purposes.

38. Penalties for default in respect of hydrants or supply of water.

Part IX.

Constancy and Pressure of Supply.

39. Duty of undertakers as respects constant supply and pressure.

2 R

3RD SCH.

—cont.

626

Ch. 42.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3RD SCH .—coni.

Water Act, 1945.

Part X.

Laying and Maintenance of Supply Pipes and Communication

Pipes.

40. Laying of supply pipes, &e.

41. Laying of communication pipes, &c.

42. Power of undertakers to require separate service pipes.

43. Power to break open streets forming boundary of limits of

supply.

44. Vesting of communication pipes and repair of such pipes and

of supply pipes in highways.

Part XI.

Stopcocks.

45. Provisions as to position, &c., of stopcocks.

Part XII.

Water Rates and Charges.

46. Water rates.

47. Power to make agreed charges for domestic supply.

48. Additional charges where water supplied for domestic pur-

poses and paid for by water rate is used for other purposes.

49. Power to require supply to certain premises and for certain

purposes to be taken by meter.

50. Power to require supplies for refrigerating or water-softening

apparatus, &c., to be taken by meter.

51. Power to require supply for hose-pipe to be taken by meter

in certain cases.

52. Provisions as to supply to sheds, tents, vans, &c.

53. Liability to water rates where buildings supplied <by common 54

54- WTr rates on certain houses may be demanded from the owners.

55. Making and dates for payment of water rates.

56. Effect on water rates of alterations in valuation list.

57. Discount for prompt payment of water rates and charges.

58. Recovery of rates and charges from persons leaving premises.

59. Register of meter to be evidence.

' Part XIII.

Provisions for Preventing Waste, &c., of Water, and as to Meters and other Fittings.

60. Power to require provision of cisterns in certain cases.

61. Power to test water fittings.

62. Power to enter premises to detect waste or misuse of water.

63. Power to repair supply pipes.

64. Penalty for waste, &c., of water by non-repair of water

fittings.

65. Penalties for misuse of water.

66. Penalty for fraudulent use of water.

67. Penalty for interference with valves and apparatus.

68. Penalty for extension or alteration of pipes, &c.

69. Meters* to be connected, or disconnected, by undertakers.

70. Meters, &c., to measure water or detect waste.

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

627

Part XIV.

RD SCH.

—cont.

Pollution of Water by Manufacture, &c., of Gas.

71. Provisions as to pollution by liquids resulting from manu-

facture of gas.

72. Provision as to pollution by gas.

73. Power to examine gas pipes to ascertain source of pollution.

Financial Provisions applicable to Water Companies.

74. Maximum rates of dividend.

75. Sale of stock by auction or tender.

76. Reserve and contingency funds.

77. Limitation on balance carried forward at .end of year.

78. Power to pay superannuation and other allowance, &c., and

to assist research.

79. Notice of discontinuance.

80. Duty of undertakers to give notice of certain works.

81. Undertakers may obtain copies of valuation list on payment.

82. Power to enter premises.

83. Penalty for obstructing execution of special Act.

84. Power to require occupier to permit works to be executed by

owner.

85. Summary proceedings for offences.

86. Continuing offences and penalties.

87. Restriction on right to prosecute.

88. Inclusion of several sums in one complaint, &c.

89.. Appeals and applications to courts of summary jurisdiction.

90. Appeals to quarter sessions against decisions of justices.

91. Mode of reference to arbitration.

92. Liability of undertakers to pay compensation.

93. Protection for works of navigation authorities and for catch-

ment boards and railways.

94. Copies of special Act to be kept by undertakers in their office,

and deposited with certain officers.

1—(1) In this Schedule the following expressions shall, subject Definitions, *c. to any express provision or anything in the context to the contrary, have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say: —

" authorised" means authorised by the special Act;

" bridge authority " means—

(a) in the case of a county bridge, the county council; f&) in the case of any other bridge maintainable at the public expense, the authority who are the highway authority in respect of the highway carried by the bridge;

" building " includes a part of a building if that part is separately occupied;

Part XV.

Part XVI.

General and Miscellaneous.

Part I. Interpretation.

2 R 2

628

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3rd Sch« —cont.

1 ft 2 Gto. 6. <.72.

" building byelaws" means byelaws made under Part II of the Public Health Act, 1936, with respect to buildings works and fittings, and includes byelaws made with respect to those matters under any corresponding enactment repealed by that Act, or under any such enactment as amended or extended by a local Act;

" business " does not include a profession;

" catchment board " and " catchment area ", in relation to such a board have the same meanings as in the Land Drainage Act, 1930;

*' communication pipe ’’ means—

(a) where the premises supplied with water ’abut on the part of the street in which the main is laid, and the service pipe enters those premises otherwise than through the outer wall of a building abutting on the street and has a stopcock placed in those premises and as near to the boundary of that street as is reasonably piacticable, so much of the service pipe as lies between the main and that stopcock;

(b) in any other case, so much of the service pipe as lies between the main and the boundary of the street in which the main is laid,

and includes the ferrule at the junction of the service pipe with the main, and also—

(i) where the communication pipe ends at a stopcock, that stopcock; and

(ii) any stopcock fitted on the communication pipe between the end thereof and the main;

*' consumer" means a person supplied, or about to be supplied, with water by the undertakers;

41 county" means an administrative county;

" county district" means a non-county borough, an urban district or a rural district;

" enactment" means any Act of Parliament, whether public general, local or private, any statutory order or any provision in an Act of Parliament or statutory order;

" factory" means a factory within the meaning of the Factories Act, 1937;

" fire authority " has the same meaning as in the Fire Brigades Act, 1938;

" fishery board " and " fishery district " have the same meanings as in the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1923;

" highway authority " means, in the case of a highway maintainable at the public expense, the authority in whom that highway is vested;

" house" means a dwelling-house, whether a private dwelling-house or not, and includes any part of a building if that part is occupied as a separate dwelling-house;

1945- Water Act, 1945. Ch. 42.

" land drainage authority" means a drainage authority within the meaning of the Land Drainage Act, 1930;

" limits of supply/' in relation to any water undertaking, means the limits within which the undertakers are for the time being authorised to supply water;

" local authority" means the council of a borough or of an urban or rural district, and " district," in relation to the local authority of a borough, means that borough;

" main" means a pipe laid by the undertakers for the purpose of giving a general supply of water as distinct from a supply to individual consumers and includes any apparatus used in connection with such a pipe;

" Minister" means Minister of Health;

" navigation authority" means any person or body of persons, whether incorporated or not, having powers under an enactment to work, maintain, conserve, improve or control any canal or other inland navigation, navigable river, estuary, harbour or dock;

" owner" means the person for the time being receiving the rackrent of the premises in connection with which the word is used, whether on his own account or as agent or trustee for any other person, or who would so receive the same if those premises were let at a rackrent;

* prescribed" means prescribed by the special Act;

" railway company" means any persons authorised by an enactment to construct, work or carry on a railway, and includes the London Passenger Transport Board;

" rivers board" means a joint committee, board or other body, constituted under subsection (3) of section fourteen of the Local Government Act, 1888, or by or under a local Act, for the purpose of exercising powers of a sanitary authority under the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876;

" service pipe" means so much of any pipe for supplying water from a main to any premises as is subject to water pressure .from that main, or would be so subject but for the closing of some tap;

" sewerage authority " has the same meaning as in the Public Health Act, 1936;

" special Act" means the enactment with which any provisions of this Schedule are incorporated, with or without modifications, and includes those provisions as so incorporated;

" statutory order" means an order or scheme made under an Act of Parliament, including an order or scheme confirmed by Parliament;

" statutory undertakers" means any persons authorised by an enactment to construct, work or carry on any railway.

629

3RD SCH.

—cont.

630 Ch. 42. Water Act, 1945* 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

'3rd Sch. canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, tramway, gas,

—cant. electricity, water or other public undertaking;

" street " includes any highway, including a highway over any bridge, and any road, lane, footway, square, court, alley or passage, whether a thoroughfare or not;

" a supply of water for domestic purposes" means a sufficient supply for drinking, washing, cooking and sanitary purposes, but not for any bath having a capacity (measured to the centre line of the overflow pipe, or in such other manner as the Minister may by regulations prescribe) in excess of fifty gallons; and includes—

(a) a supply for the purposes of a profession carried on in any premises the greater part whereof is used as a house; and

(b) where the water is drawn from a tap inside a house and no hosepipe or similar apparatus is used, a supply for watering a garden, for horses kept for private use and for washing vehicles so kept:

Provided that it does not include a supply of water for the business of a laundry or a business of preparing food or beverages for consumption otherwise than on the premises;

" supply of water in bulk" means a supply of water for distribution by the undertakers taking the supply;

" supply pipe" means so much of any service pipe^as is not a communication pipe;

" telegraphic line " has the same meaning as in the Telegraph

Act, 1878;

" trunk main" means a main constructed for the purpose of conveying water from a source of supply to a filter of reservoir, or from one filter or reservoir to another filter or reservoir, or for the purpose of conveying water in bulk from one part of the limits of supply to another part of those limits, or for the purpose of giving or taking a supply of water in bulk;

" undertakers" means the persons whose water undertaking is authorised or regulated by the special Act;

*' watercourse " includes all rivers, streams, ditches, drains, cuts, culverts, dykes, sluices, sewers (other than sewers vested in a local authority or joint board of local authorities) and passages, through which water flows;

" water fittings " includes pipes (other than mains), taps, cocks, valves, ferrules, meters, cisterns, baths, waterclosets, soil-pans and other similar apparatus used in connection with the supply and use of water.

1945* *

Water Act, 1945,

Ch. 42.

(2) Any reference in this Schedule to the persons having the control 31 Sch.

or management of a street or bridge shall be construed as a reference, —cont'

in the case of a highway or bridge maintainable at the public expense, to the authority who are the highway authority, or, as the

case may be, the bridge authority in respect thereof and, in the case of any other street or bridge, to the authority or person responsible for the maintenance thereof, or, if no authority or person is responsible therefor, to the owners of the soil of the street or, as the case may be, of the structure of the bridge.

(3) References in this Schedule to any enactment shall be construed as including references to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment, including the Water Act, 1945.

Part II.

Works and Lands.

2. In the construction of any authorised works the undertakers Permissible may deviate laterally to any extent not exceeding the limits ofjf0111*4 8 ?* deviation shown on the plans submitted to the Minister and, where devla on' on any street no such limits are shown, the boundaries of the street (including for this purpose any verge or roadside waste adjoining it)

shall be deemed to be such limits, and they may also deviate vertically from the levels shown on the said plans to any extent:

Provided ‘that—

(a) no embankment for a reservoir shall be constructed at a greater height above die general surface of the ground than that shown on the said plans and six feet in addition thereto;

* and

(b) except for the purpose of crossing a river, stream, canal, dyke, watercourse or railway, or of crossing any lands where the consent of all persons having a legal interest therein has been obtained, no pipe or other conduit or aqueduct shall be raised above the surface of the ground otherwise than in accordance with the said plans.

3. The undertakers shall not construct any works for taking Limit on or intercepting water (other than works for intercepting foul water) powers of from any lands acquired by them, unless the works are authorised t^Twater^to by, and the lands on which the works are to be constructed are

specified in, the special Act or some other enactment.

4. Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing section and to General powet

any other provisions of the special Act limiting the powers of the sJJtSdiary*

undertakers to abstract water, the undertakers, in addition to any works. works specifically authorised, may in, on or over any land for the

time being held by them in connection with their water undertaking construct, lay or erect for the purposes thereof, or in connection therewith, and may maintain, such reservoirs, sluices, tanks, cisterns, aqueducts, tunnels, culverts, mains, pipes, engines, pumps, machinery, filters, treatment plant, buildings and things for, or in connection

with, the supply of water as they deem necessary:

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6-

632

3RD SCH.

—cont.

Power of undertaker* to lay or erect telephone wires, Ac.

3a A 33 Vict, c. 73.

Ch. 42.

Provided that any electrical works or apparatus constructed, laid or erected under the section shall ibe so constructed, laid or erected, and so maintained and used, as to prevent interference with any telegraphic line belonging to or used by the Postmaster General, or with telegraphic communication by means of any such line.

5.—(1) For the purpose of establishing telegraphic, telephonic or other electrical communication between their offices and any part of their works, or between different parts of their works, the undertakers may lay and erect in on or over any highway, and, with the consent of the owners and occupiers of any other land, in on or over that land, such wires, posts, conductors and other apparatus as they deem necessary and the provisions of the special Act relating to the breaking open of streets by the undertakers shall, with any necessary modification or adaptation, apply as respects any highway in relation to the laying, erection and maintenance of any such wires, posts, conductors or other apparatus:

Provided that the undertakers shall not lay or erect any such wires, posts, conductors or other apparatus except with the consent of the local authority and highway authority concerned and in accordance with such conditions as either of those authorities may attach to their consent, but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld nor shall unreasonable conditions be attached thereto, and any question whether a withholding of consent or a condition is reasonable or not shall be referred to an arbitrator to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the President of the Institution of Civil Engineers.

(2) The undertakers shall at any time at their own expense remove any wires, posts, conductors or other apparatus laid or erected by them under the provisions of this section if they are required so to do by the local authority or a highway authority for the purpose of enabling any widening or other improvement to be carried out to a street or highway.

(3) Wires, posts, conductors or other apparatus laid or erected by the undertakers under the provisions of this section shall not be used in contravention of the exclusive privilege conferred upon the Postmaster-General by the Telegraph Act, 1869, or be installed or worked in contravention of the provisions of the Wireless Telegraphy Acts, 1904 to 1926, and shall be so constructed, maintained and used as to prevent interference with any telegraphic line belonging to or used by the Postmaster-General, or with telegraphic communication by means of any such line.

(4) Where the undertakers propose, in the exercise of their powers under this section, to lay or erect any wires, -posts, conductors or other apparatus over, under or in ithe vicinity of any electric line belonging to any electricity undertakers, the undertakers shall take all reasonable precautions so as not injuriously to affect, whether by induction or otherwise, the working or user of, or the currents in, the electric line.

Any question which may arise between the undertakers and any electricity undertakers under this subsection shall be determined by

*945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

633

an arbitrator to be agreed between the undertakers and the electricity . 3rd Sch. undertakers or, failing agreement, to be appointed by the President cont-of the Institution of Electrical Engineers, and the arbitrator may direct the undertakers to make any alterations in their wires, posts, conductors or other appartus so as to comply with the provisions of this subsection and the undertakers shall make those alterations accordingly.

In this subsection the expressions " electric line " and electricity undertakers " have the same respective meanings as in the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1936.

(5) Where the undertakers propose, in ithe exercise of their powers under this section, to lay or erect any wires, posts, conductors or other apparatus which will cross or interfere with any watercourse or works vested in, or under the control of, a land drainage authority, they shall give notice of their proposals to that authority and if within twenty-eight days that authority serve on the undertakers notice of objection to their proposals, the undertakers shall not proceed with their proposals unless all objections so made are withdrawn or the Minister after a local inquiry has approved the proposals either with or without modification:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to any wires, posts, conductors or other apparatus which the undertakers propose to lay or erect in or on a bridge carrying a highway across such a watercourse as aforesaid.

6. Any person who wilfully obstructs a person engaged by, or Penalty for under authority of, the undertakers in setting out the line, level or obst^5jg site of any authorised works, or knowingly pulls up any peg or stake £f worksT"1 driven into the ground for the purpose of setting out such line, level

or site, or knowingly defaces or destroys anything made or erected for that purpose, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

7. —(1) Where the undertakers are empowered by the special Act Power to

to execute any underground works, they may, in lieu of purchasing J£2sm«its for land compulsorily for the purpose of executing those works, be underground authorised by means of a compulsory purchase order made by the works, undertakers and confirmed by the Minister to purchase only such easements and rights over or in that land as may be sufficient for the said purpose and the provisions of the Second Schedule to the Water Act, 1945, shall apply, with such adaptations as may be necessary, to any compulsory purchase order made under this section.

(2) The undertakers shall not be required or, except by agreement, be entitled to fence off or sever from adjoining lands any lands in respect of which they have purchased only easements or rights under the provisions of this section, and subject to those easements or rights and to any other restrictions imposed by the special Act, the owners or occupiers for the time being of those lands shall have the same rights of using and cultivating them as if that Act had not been passed. 8

8. Persons empower?*! by the Lands Clauses Acts to sell and "nder

convey, or release, any lands may, subject to the provisions of those e2c^nay

Acts and of the special Act, grant to the undertakers any easement meats, Ac.

634

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

3rd Sch. —coni.

Extinction of private rights of way.

Provisions as to compensation water.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

or right required for the purposes of the special Act over or in those lands, and the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to lands and rentcharges shall, so far as applicable, apply in relation to such grants and to such easements and rights:

Provided that nothing in this section shall be construed as empowering persons to grant any easement or right of water in which any other person has an interest, unless Jhat other person concurs in the grant.

9.—(1) Any private right of way over land which the undertakers are authorised to acquire compulsorily shall, if they so resolve and give notice of their resolution to the owner of the right, be extinguished as from the acquisition by them of the land, or as from the expiration of one month from the service of the notice, whichever may be the later.

(2) The undertakers shall pay compensation to all persons interested in respect of any such right so extinguished and such compensation shall, in case of dispute, be settled in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Part III.

Compensation Water.

10.—(1) During the construction of any authorised impounding reservoir the undertakers may, subject as hereinafter provided, take from any stream to be impounded thereby such water as they may require:

Provided that, before taking any water from the stream, they shall, on an approved site, construct an approved gauge Jo gauge the flow of the stream and, while the flow of water through or over the gauge is less than the prescribed flow, they shall not take any water.

(2) After the completion of the reservoir the undertakers shall, at an approved point within such limits as may be prescribed, discharge into the stream from, or from streams feeding, the reservoir during every day of twenty-four hours reckoned from midnight in a uniform and continuous flow a quantity of water not less than the prescribed quantity, and, for the purpose of gauging such discharge, they shall construct and maintain in good order approved gauges on approved sites.

(3) Where the undertakers are authorised to take any wafer from any stream, they shall, 'before taking any siuch water, construct on approved sites approved gauges to gauge the quantity of water taken and the flow of the stream, and they shall not take any water in excess of the quantity authorised to be taken or while the flow of water through or over the gauge is less than the prescribed flow.

1945-

Water Act1945.

Ch. 42.

635

(4) If the undertakers— 3rd Sch*

—cord.

(a) fail to construct or maintain in good order any such gauge as aforesaid, or refuse to allow any person interested to inspect arid examine any such gauge or any records made thereby or kept by them in connection therewith or to take qopies of any such records; or

(b) take any water from the stream contrary to the provisions of subsection (1) or subsection (3) of this section, or fail to comply with the requirements of subsection (2) of this section with respect to the discharge of water into the stream,

they shall, without prejudice to their civil liability, if any, to a person aggrieved, be liable, in the case of an offence under paragraph (a) of this subsection, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, in respect of each day on which the offence has been committed or has continued, and in the case of an offence under paragraph (b) of this subsection—

(i) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds

in respect of each such day; and

(ii) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds in respect of each such day.

(5) In this section, the expression " gauge " includes a gauge weir or other apparatus for measuring the flow of water, and the expression " approved" means approved by the Minister; and, for the purposes of this section, a catchment board, a fishery board, a rivers board and a navigation authority shall be deemed to be interested in the flow of water in, and the discharge of water into, any stream within their area or district, or, as the case may be, forming part of their system of navigation or any stream feeding such a stream or any part of that system and shall be deemed to be aggrieved by the commission of an offence under this section in relation to any such stream.

(6) The foregoing provisions of this section shall be deemed to have been accepted by all persons interested as full compensation for all water impounded by the authorised works, except in respect of any land between the foot of the embankment of the reservoir and the point of discharge approved for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section.

(7) Subject to the provisions of section five of the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914, any fine recovered 'under this section on 4 & 5 Geo. 5. the complaint of a fishery board or of an officer of, or person c 58. authorised by, a fishery board shall, as to the whole or such part

thereof as the court may determine, be paid to the board in respect of the costs of the prosecution.

Part IV.

Minerals Underlying Waterworks.

ii. Where the undertakers purchase any land they shall become Undertakers

entitled to such parts of any mines of coal, ironstone, slate or other not entitled to

, underlying

636

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3RD SCH.

—coni. minerals, unless expressly purchased.

Map of underground works to be prepared and kept up to date.

Mines lying near the works not to be worked

without notice to undertakers.

If undertakers unwilling to pay compensation, mines may be worked in usual manner.

minerals under that land as it may be necessary for them to dig, cany away or use in the construction of any waterworks authorised by the special Act, but, save as aforesaid, they shall not by virtue only of their purchase of the land become entitled to any such mines or minerals, which shall, save as aforesaid, be deemed to be excepted from the conveyance of the land unless expressly mentioned therein as conveyed thereby.

12. —(1) The undertakers shall, within six months after the first occasion on which any pipes, or other conduits, or underground works are laid or constructed by them after this section is incorporated with their enactments, cause the course and situation of all existing pipes or other conduits for the collection, passage, or distribution of water and underground works belonging to them to be marked on a map (drawn on a scale not less than six inches to one mile), and shall, from time to time, within six months after the making of any alterations or additions, cause the said map to be so corrected as to show the course and situation of all such pipes and conduits, and underground works for the time being belonging to them, and the map, or a copy thereof, bearing the date of its preparation and of the last occasion on which it was corrected shall be kept at the office of the undertakers.

In this subsection the expression " pipes " does not include service pipes.

(2) The said map shall at all reasonable hours be open to inspection by any person interested free of charge.

13. Subject to any agreement to the contrary, if the owner, lessee, or occupier of any mines of coal, ironstone, slate or other minerals lying under the reservoirs or buildings of the undertakers, or any of their pipes or other conduits or underground works shown on the map referred to in the last foregoing section, or lying within the prescribed distance therefrom, or, if no distance be prescribed, within forty yards therefrom, desires to work the said mines or minerals, he shall give to the undertakers thirty days’ notice of his intention so to do.

14. —(1) Upon receipt of such a notice as aforesaid, the undertakers may cause the said mines or minerals to be inspected by any person appointed by them for the purpose, and if if appears to them that the working thereof is likely to damage any of their reservoirs or buildings, or pipes, or other conduits or underground works shown on the said map, and if they are willing to pay compensation for the mines or minerals to the owner, lessee or occupier thereof, then he shall not work them, and the amount of the compensation to be paid shall, in the case of dispute, be determined by arbitration.

(2) If the undertakers have not before the expiration of the said thirty days stated their willingness to treat with the owner, lessee, or occupier for the payment of compensation, it shall be lawful for him to work the said mines and minerals, and to drain them, by means of pumps or otherwise, as if the special Act had not been passed, so, however, that no wilful damage be done to any of the said property or works of the undertakers and that the mines and minerals be not worked in an unusual manner.

*945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

637

(3) Any damage or obstruction occasioned to any of the said 3RD Sch. property or works of the undertakers by the working of such mines —cont.

or minerals in an unusual manner shall be forthwith repaired or removed, and, the damage made good, by the owner, lessee, or occupier of the mines or minerals, and if such repair or removal be not effected forthwith, or, if the undertakers deem it necessary to take action without waiting for the work to be done by the owner, lessee, or occupier, the undertakers may execute the work, and recover from the owner, lessee, or occupier the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing.

15. If the working of any such mines or minerals as aforesaid Power to lying under the reservoirs or buildings of the undertakers, or any make mining of their pipes or other conduits or underground works shown on the ^umca on* map referred to in section twelve of this Schedule, or lying within the continuous above-mentioned distance therefrom, mentioned in section thirteen of working is this Schedule, be prevented as aforesaid by reason of apprehended prevented, injury thereto, the respective owners, lessees, and occupiers of the mines or minerals may cut and make such and so many airways, head-» ways, gateways, or water levels through the mines, measures, or strata the working whereof is so prevented as may be requisite to enable them to ventilate, drain, and work any mines or minerals on each or either side thereof, but no such airway, headway, gateway, or water level shall be of greater dimensions or sections than the prescribed dimensions or sections, or, if no dimensions are prescribed, eight feet wide and eight feet high, nor be cut or made upon any part of the said property or works of the undertakers so as to cause injury thereto,

16.—(1) Subject to any agreement to the contrary, the undertakers Undertakers to shall from time to time pay compensation to the owner, lessee, or pay compensa-occupier of any mines of coal, slate, ironstone, and other minerals t!^L lying on both sides of any reservoir, building, pipe, or other conduit, fncurred by or other works of the undertakers for any loss and additional expense reason of y incurred by him by reason of the severance of the lands above such severance, mines or minerals by the reservoir or other works, or by reason of the continuous working of such mines or minerals being interrupted as aforesaid, or by reason of their being worked under the restrictions imposed by the special Act, and also for any such mines or minerals not purchased by the undertakers as cannot be worked or won by reason of the making and continuance of the said works, or by reason of such apprehended injury from the working thereof as aforesaid.

(2) The amount of any such compensation shall, in the case of dispute, be determined by arbitration.

17. For the purpose of ascertaining whether any such mines or Undertakers minerals as aforesaid are being, have been or are about to be worked entr and so as to damage any of their said works, any authorised officer of the worEngof undertakers, after giving twenty-four hours’ notice and on producing, mines.8 if so required, some duly authenticated document showing his authority, may enter upon any lands in, on or near which the works are situate, and under which they know or suspect that any such mines are being, have been or are about to be worked, and may enter any

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

638

3RD SCH. —cont.

Undertakers not exempted from liability for injury to mines.

Power to lay mains.

Ch. 42.

such mines and the works connected therewith, using for their entry, inaction and return any apparatus or machinery belonging to the owner, lessee, or occupier of the mines, and may use all necessary means for discovering the distance from the said works to the parts of the mines which are being, have been or are about to be worked.

18. Nothing in the special Act shall exempt the undertakers from liability to any action or other legal proceeding to which they would have been liable in respect of any damage or injury done or occasioned to any mines by means, or in consequence, of their waterworks, if those works had been constructed or maintained otherwise than by virtue of the special Act.

Part V.

Power to Lay Mains, &c.

19___(1) The undertakers may within their limits of supply and

also, subject to the provisions of the next succeeding section, outside those limits, lay a main—

(a) in any street, subject, however, to the provisions of Part VI of this Schedule; and

(b) with the consent of every owner and occupier of any land not forming part of a street and with the consent of the local authority of the district in which that land is situate and also of the highway authority concerned, if the main will be laid within two hundred and .twenty feet of any highway, in, on or over that land,

and may from time to time inspect, repair, alter or renew, or may at any time remove, any main kid down by them, whether by virtue of this section or otherwise:

Provided that a consent required for the purposes of this subsection shall not be unreasonably withheld and any question whether such a consent is, or is not, unreasonably withheld shall be referred to and determined by the Minister.

(2) Where the undertakers propose in the exercise of their powers under this section to lay a main which will cross or interfere with any watercourse or works vested in, or under the control of, a land drainage authority, they shall give notice of their proposals to that authority, and, if within twenty-eight days that authority serve on the undertakers notice of objection to their proposals, the undertakers shall not proceed with their proposals unless all objections so made are withdrawn, or the Minister after a local inquiry has approved the proposals, either with or without modification:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to a main which the undertakers propose to lay in a bridge carrying a highway across such a watercourse as aforesaid.

(3) Where the undertakers, in the exercise of their powers under this section, lay a main in, on or over any knd not forming part of a street, or inspect, repair, alter, renew, or remove a main laid in, on or over any such land, they shall from time to time pay compensation to every person interested in that land for any damage done

I945-

- Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

639

to, or injurious affection of, that land by reason of the inspection, 3RD Sen. laying, repair, alteration, renewal or removal of the main. —con/.

Any dispute as to the amount of compensation to be paid under this subsection shall be referred to arbitration.

(4) The undertakers may erect and maintain in any street notices indicating the position of underground water fittings used for controlling the flow of water through their mains, whether laid by virtue of this section or otherwise, and may affix such a notice to any house or other building, wall or fence.

(5) For the purposes of this section, a private street within the curtilage of a factory shall be deemed not to be, or form part of, a street.

20.—(1) Where the undertakers, in the exercise of their powers Conditions as under the last foregoing section, propose to lay a main outside their to laying limits of supply, the provisions of that section shall apply, and the outside undertakers shall, in addition to giving any notice required by that Supply° section—

(a) in the case of each county borough or county district in which they propose to lay a main, publish by advertisement in a local newspaper circulating in the borough or district a notice describing the nature of their proposals and specifying the land directly affected thereby, and naming a place where a plan illustrative of their proposals may be inspected at all reasonable hours by any person free of charge; and

(b) serve, not later than the date of the publication of the advertisement, a copy of the notice on the local authority of the borough or district and on the highway authority for any highway in which they propose to lay a main.

(2) If, within twenty-eight days after the publication of the notice referred to in the last foregoing subsection, notice of objection to their proposals is served on the undertakers by any such local authority or highway authority as aforesaid, they shall not proceed with their unless all objections so made are withdrawn, or the

. after a local inquiry, has approved the proposals, either with or without modification.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section with respect to the -publication and service of, and objections to, such additional notices as are therein referred to shall not apply where the work which undertakers propose to carry out outside their limits of supply consists only of the laying of a main in a highway maintainable at the public expense and they have obtained the consent of the local authority of the county borough or county district within which that highway is situate and also, where that authority are not the highway authority for the highway in question, the consent of that highway authority.

21.—(1) The undertakers may in any street within their limits of Power to lay supply lay such service pipes with such stopcocks and other fittings as service pipes they deem necessary for supplying water to premises within the said &c* limits, and may from time to time inspect, repair, alter, or renew, and may at any time remove, any service pipe laid in a street whether by virtue of this section or otherwise.

640

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3RD Sch. cont.

Power to break open streets.

Notice to be given before breaking open streets, <kc.

Streets, 4c., not to be broken open except under supervision of persons responsible therefor.

(2) Where a service pipe has been lawfully laid in, on or over any land not forming part of a street, the undertakers may from time to time enter upon that land and inspect, repair, alter, renew or remove the pipe or lay a new pipe in substitution therefor, but shall pay compensation for any damage done by them.

Any dispute as to the amount of compensation to be paid under this subsection shall be determined by arbitration.

Part VI.

Breaking Open Streets, &c.

22. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, the undertakers may within their limits of supply for the purpose of laying, constructing, inspecting, repairing, renewing or removing mains, service pipes, plant or other works, and outside those limits for the purpose of laying any mains which they are authorised to lay and of inspecting, repairing, renewing or removing mains, break open the roadway and footpaths of any street, and of any bridge carrying a street, and any sewer, drain or tunnel in or under any such roadway or footpath, and may remove and use the soil or other materials in or under any such roadway or footpath:

Provided that they shall in the exetcise of the powers conferred by this section cause as little inconvenience and do as little damage as may be, and for any damage done shall pay compensation to be determined, in case of dispute, by arbitration.

23. Not less than fourteen clear days before they commence to break open the roadway or footpath of any street or bridge, or any sewer, drain or tunnel, the undertakers shall give notice of their intentions, and of the time when they propose to commence the work, to the persons having the control or management of the street, bridge, sewer, drain or tunnel in question, or to some officer of those persons authorised by them to receive such notices:

Provided that—

(a) in cases of emergency arising from defects in any pipes, plant or works, it shall be sufficient if the notice required by this section is given as soon as possible after the necessity for the work becomes known to the undertakers;

(b) where the roadway or footpath is broken open for *the purposes mentioned in the last but one foregoing section of this Schedule, the notice shall be seventy-two hours instead of fourteen days. 24

24. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the undertakers shall not, save in such cases of emergency as aforesaid, break open the roadway or footpath of any street or bridge, or any sewer, drain or tunnel, except under the supervision of, and in accordance with plans approved by, the persons having the control or management thereof, or their authorised officer:

Provided that, if any difference arises in connection with the plans submitted for approval, that difference shall be referred to an arbitrator to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the Minister, or, if he thinks fit, by the President of the Institution of Civil Engineers, and, in cases where a sewer or drain is affected, the

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

641

arbitrator may direct the undertakers to execute such work as he may deem necessary for preventing any temporary interruption of drainage through that sewer or drain, and the undertakers shall comply with any direction so given.

(2) Notwithstanding- anything in the last foregoing subsection, if the persons having the control or management of a street, bridge, sewer, drain or tunnel, or their authorised officer, after having received such notice of the undertakers* intentions as is mentioned in the last foregoing section, fail to question the sufficiency or propriety of any plans submitted to them, or fail to submit any alternative plans to the undertakers, or fail to attend and exercise supervision over the work, the undertakers may proceed to carry out the work.

25.—(1) Except in cases of emergency arising from defects in Protection for pipes, plaint or works, the roadway or footpath of a street or bridge railway which is under the control or management of, or maintainable by, navigation ’ a railway company or navigation authority shall not be broken open authorities, without their consent, but that consent shall not be unreasonably tramway withheld, and any question whether or not consent is unreasonably undertaker*, withheld shall be referred to and determined by the Minister. Ac*

(2) Where the undertakers propose to break open the roadway or footpath of any length of street which forms a level crossing, or crosses over or under a railway or other works of a railway company or navigation authority, and which is not under the control or management of the railway company or navigation authority, they shall give to the railway company or navigation authority the like notice as they are required by die last but one foregoing section to give to the persons having the control or management of the street and, if and in so far as the proposed work is likely to affect the structure of any bridge or other works belonging to the railway company or navigation authority, shall cany out file work to the reasonable satisfaction) of the engineer or other authorised officer of the railway company or navigation authority in accordance with plans approved by him.

Any dispute arising under this, subsection between the persons proposing to execute work and a railway company or navigation authority, shall be referred to an arbitrator to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the President of the Institution of Civil Engineers.

(3) The last foregoing subsection shall, with any necessary adaptation, apply in relation to a level crossing which belongs to persons not being a railway company or navigation authority, as it applies in relation to a level crossing belonging to such a company or authority.

(4) For the protection of persons entitled to the benefit of section thirty-two of the Tramways Act, 1870 (which relates to the rights of 33 34 Vict, authorities and companies, &c., to open roads), that section shall be c- 78-construed as applying to operations authorised by the special Act,

and in the said section as so applied any reference to a tramway shall be construed as including a reference to a trolley vehicle system. 5

(5) Nothing contained in this section for the protection of owners of level crossings shall affect the decision of any question which may

2 S

3RD SCH. —CQfit.

Water Act, 1945.

642

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Streets, &c., broken open to be reinstated without delay.

Remedies

where

undertakers fail to comply with foregoing requirements.

Application of Part VI to verges and streets and highways not maintain-able at the public expense.

Ch. 42.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

arise as to the legality of the construction of, or the right to continue, any level crossing.

26.—(1) When, for the purpose of executing any work, the undertakers break open the roadway or footpath of any street or bridge, or any sewer, drain, or tunnel, they shall with all convenient speed and to the reasonable satisfaction of the persons having the control or management thereof complete the work and fill in and consolidate the ground, and reinstate and make good the roadway or footpath, or die sewer, drain', or tunnel, as the case may be, and remove all rubbish resulting from their operations, and shall, after replacing and making good the roadway or footpath, keep it in good repair for three months, and for such further time, if any, not being more than twelve months in the whole, as the soil may continue to subside.

(2) So long as any such roadway or footpath remains broken open or obstructed, the undertakers shall make adequate arrangements for the control of traffic and shall cause the roadway or footpath to be properly fenced and guarded at all times and to be efficiently lighted between the hours of sunset and of sunrise.

27. —(1) If the undertakers fail to comply with, or contravene, any of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Schedule, they shall, without prejudice to their civil liability, if any, to a person aggrieved, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and to a further fine not exceeding five pounds for each day on which the offence continues after notice thereof has been given to them by, or by an officer or agent of, the persons aggrieved.

(2) If the undertakers fail to comply with any of the requirements of the last foregoing section, the persons having the control or management of the street, bridge, sewer, drain or tunnel in question, may, in addition to, or in lieu of, taking proceedings under the last foregoing subsection, themselves execute any work necessary to remedy the default and may recover the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing from the undertakers summarily as a civil debt.

28. —(1) The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall apply in relation to any land within the limits of a street, but not included in a roadway or footpath thereof, as if that land were, or formed part of, a footpath of the street.

(2) In this Part of this Schedule the expression " persons having the control or management " shall, in relation to a street not maintainable at the public expense, be deemed to include the authority by whom the street would be maintainable if it became a highway maintainable at the public expense and, accordingly, any notice required by section twenty-three of this Schedule and a copy of the plans referred to in section twenty-four thereof shall be served on that authority, but the authority shall not take any action under subsection (2) of the last foregoing section except at the request and on behalf of the other persons having the control or management of the street, bridge, sewer, drain or tunnel in question.

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

.Cu. 42.

643

Part VII.

Supply of water for domestic purposes.

3RD SCH.

—cont.

29.—(1) The undertakers shall lay any necessary mains and bring Duty of water to any area within the limits of supply if they are required to do f erSSti nal so by such number of owners and occupiers of premises in that area on on who require a supply of water for domestic purposes that the aggre- certain gate amount of water rates payable annually by those owners and conditions, occupiers in respect of those premises at the rates for the time being chained iby the undertakers will not be less than one-eighth of the expense of providing and laying the necessary mains, and if those owners and occupiers agree severally with the undertakers to take a supply of water for three years at least.

(2) If the undertakers, after receipt of a requisition which satisfies the provisions of the last foregoing subsection and after tender to them of an agreement which satisfies those provisions, do not before the expiration of three months lay the necessary mains and bring water to the area in question in accordance with the requisition, they shall, unless they show that the failure was due to unavoidable accident or other unavoidable cause, be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds and to a further fine not exceeding five pounds for each day on which their default continues after conviction therefor.

30. —(1) An owner or occupier of any premises within the limits of Right to supply who has complied in respect of those premises with the pro- demand supply visions of Part X of this Schedule with respect to the laying of a

supply pipe and payment or tender of the water rate shall be entitled P to demand and receive from the undertakers a supply of water sufficient for domestic purposes for those premises:

Provided that nothing in the special Act shall be construed as entitling any person to demand a supply of water from a trunk main.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, if the undertakers make default in furnishing a supply of water for domestic purposes to a person who is entitled to demand and has demanded such a supply, or fail to maintain the supply during any period in respect of which the water rate therefor has been paid or tendered, they shall, without prejudice to their civil liability, if any, to the person aggrieved, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds and to a further fine not exceeding forty shillings for each day on which the default continues after notice thereof from the person aggrieved:

Provided that the undertakers shall be under no such liability if the failure to furnish or maintain a supply is due to—

(a) frost, drought, unavoidable accident or other unavoidable cause, or the execution of necessary works; or

(b) failure of the person aggrieved to comply with any enactment relating to, or byelaw of, the undertakers. 31

31. The undertakers shall provide in their mains and communica- Duty of tion pipes a supply of wholesome water sufficient for the domestic undertakers purposes of all owners and occupiers of premises within the limits guffiSem:? of supply who under the special Act are entitled to demand a supply and purity, for those purposes.

2 S 2

ie

Oh*

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

644

3RD SCH.

—cont.

Undertakers to fix and maintain fire-hydrants on pipes.

Undertakers to deposit keys of hydrants at certain places.

Cost of hydrants.

Hydrants to be placed near factories, &c., at request of owners or occupiers.

Water to be taken to extinguish fires without charge.

Supply of water for cleansing sewers, &c., and for other public purposes.

Penalties for default in respect of hydrants or supply of water.

Part VIII.

Supply of water for public purposes.

32. The undertakers shall, at the request of the fire authority concerned, fix fire-hydrants on their mains (other than trunk mains) at such places as may be most convenient for affording a supply of water for extinguishing any fire which may break out within the limits of supply, and shall keep in good order and from time to time renew every such hydrant

Any difference as to the number or proper position of such hydrants shall be referred to and determined by the Minister.

33. As soon as any such hydrant is completed, the undertakers shall, if required by the fire authority, deposit a key thereof at each place within the limits of supply where any public fire engine is kept, and in such other places as may be appointed by the fire authority.

34. The cost of such hydrants as aforesaid and of fixing, maintaining and renewing them, and of providing such keys as aforesaid, shall foe defrayed by the fire authority.

35. The undertakers shall, at the request and expense of the owner or occupier of any factory or place of business situated in, or near to, a street in which a pipe of the undertakers is laid (not being a trunk main and being of sufficient dimensions to carry a hydrant), fix on the pipe and keep in good order and from time to time renew one or more fire-hydrants, to be used only for extinguishing fires, as near as conveniently may be to that factory or place of business, and shall also at his expense comply as respects each such hydrant with the requirements of the last but one foregoing section.

36. The undertakers shall allow all persons to take water for extinguishing fires from any pipe of the undertakers on which a hydrant is fixed, without payment.

37. —(1) In every pipe of the undertakers on which a hydrant is fixed the undertakers shall provide a supply of water for cleansing sewers and drains, for cleansing and watering highways, and for supplying any public pumps, baths, or washhouses.

(2) A supply of water for the said purposes shall be provided at such rates, in such quantities, and upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed between the local authority, highway authority or sewerage authority concerned and the undertakers, or as, in default of agreement, may be determined by the Minister.

38. If the undertakers fail to comply with any of their obligations under this Part of this Schedule, except when prevented by frost, drought, unavoidable accident or other unavoidable cause, or during the execution of necessary works, they shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and to further fine not exceeding five pounds for each day during which such failure continues after notice thereof from the authority or person concerned.

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

645

Part IX.

Constancy and pressure of supply.

3rd Sch.

—cont.

39.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the undertakers shall Duty of cause the water in all pipes on which hydrants are fixed, or which undertaken* are used for giving supplies for domestic purposes, to be laid on constantly and at such a pressure as will cause the water to reach supply and to the top of the top-most storey of every building within the limits pressure, of supply:

Provided that—

(a) nothing in this section shall require them to deliver water at a height greater than that to which it will flow by gravitation through their mains from the service reservoir or tank from which the supply in question is taken; and

(b) they may in their discretion determine the service reservoir or tank from which any supply is to be taken.

(2) If the undertakers fail to comply with the foregoing requirements of this section, except when prevented by frost, drought, unavoidable accident or other unavoidable cause, or during the execution of necessary works, they shall, without prejudice to their civil liability, if any, to a person aggrieved, be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds and to a further fine not exceeding forty shillings for each day during which the failure continues after notice thereof from that person:

Provided that proceedings for the recovery of a fine shall not be instituted under this subsection by more {han one person in respect of the same period of failure.

Part X.

Laying and maintenance of supply pipes and

COMMUNICATION PIPES. 40

40. An owner or occupier of any premises within the limits of Laying of supply who desires to have a supply of water for his domestic pur- £PPy pipe3, poses from the waterworks of the undertakers, e shall, subject as hereinafter provided, comply with the following requirements:—

(a) he shall give to the undertakers fourteen days' notice of

his intention to lay the necessary supply pipe and at, or before, the time of giving such notice shall pay or tender to fhem such sum as may be payable in advance by way of water rate in respect of his premises; and

(b) he shall lay the supply pipe at his own expense, having first obtained, as respects any land not forming part of a street, the consent of the owners and occupiers thereof:

Provided that, where any part of the supply pipe is to be laid In a highway, he shall nol himself break open the highway or lay that part of the pipe.

646

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

41.—(1) Upon receipt of such a notice as is referred to in the last foregoing section, the undertakers shall lay the necessary communication pipe and any part of the supply pipe which is to be laid in a highway and shall connect the communication pipe with the supply pipe:

Provided that where any part of the supply pipe is to be laid in a highway, they may elect to lay a main in the highway for such distance as they think fit in lieu of a supply pipe, and in that case shall lay a communication pipe from that mam and connect it with the supply pipe.

(2) If the undertakers fail to carry out the said work within fourteen days after the person by whom the notice was given has laid a supply pipe in accordance with the provisions of |he last foregoing section, they shall, unless they show that the failure was due to unavoidable accident or other unavoidable cause, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds and to a further fine not exceeding forty shillings for each day on which the default continues after the expiration of the said fourteen days.

(3) The expenses reasonably incurred by the undertakers in executing the work which they are required or authorised by this section to execute shall be repaid to them by the person by whom the notice was given and may be recovered by them from him summarily as a civil debt:

Provided that, if under the provisions of this section, the undertakers lay a main in lieu of part of a supply pipe, the additional cost incurred in laying a main instead of a supply pipe shall be borne by them.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, undertakers to whom such a notice as aforesaid is given may, within seven days after the receipt thereof, require the person giving the notice either to pay to them in advance the cost of the work, as estimated by their engineer, or to give security for payment thereof to their satisfaction, and, where they make such a requirement, Jhe period of fourteen days referred to in subsection (2) of this section shall not commence to run until the requirement has been complied with.

If any payment so made to the undertakers exceeds the expenses which under the foregoing provisions of this section they would be entitled to recover from the person giving the notice, the excess shall be repaid by them and, if and so far as those expenses are not covered by the payment, they may recover the balance from him summarily as a civil debt.

3RD Sch.

--COYlt.

Laying of communication pipes, &c.

Power of undertakers to require separate service pipes.

42.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the undertakers may require the provision of a separate service pipe for each house or other building supplied, or to be supplied, by them with water.

(2) If, in the case of a house or other building already supplied with water but not having a separate service pipe, the undertakers give notice to the owner of the house or building requiring the provision of such a pipe, the owner shall within three months lay so much of the required pipe as will constitute a supply pipe and is not required to

I945*

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

647

be laid in a highway, and the undertakers shall, within fourteen days 3rd Sch. after he has done so, lay so much of the required pipe as will —cont-

constitute a communication pipe or a supply pipe to be laid in a highway and make all necessary connections.

(3) If an owner upon whom a notice has been served under the last foregoing subsection fails to comply therewith, the undertakers may themselves execute the work which he was required to execute.

(4) The expenses reasonably incurred by the undertakers in executing the work which‘they are required by subsection (2) of this section to execute, or which they are empowered by the last foregoing subsection to execute, shall be repaid to them by the owner 01 the house or building and may be recovered by them from him summarily as a civil debt, but without prejudice to the rights and obligations, as between themselves, of the owner and the occupier of the house or building.

(5) If the undertakers make default in executing the work which they are required by subsection (2) of this section to execute, they shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds and to a further fine not exceeding forty shillings for each day on which the default continues after the expiration of the said fourteen days.

(6) For the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this section, two or more buildings in the same occupation and forming part of the same hereditament for rating purposes shall be treated as a single building.

(7) Where the owner of a group or block of houses is liable by law or undertakes in writing to pay the water rates in respect of all those houses, then, so long as he punctually pays those rates and the supply pipe of those houses is sufficient to meet the requirements thereof, the undertakers shall not require the provision of separate service pipes for those houses.

(8) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, where, on the coming into force of this section, two or more houses were being supplied with water by a single service pipe, the undertakers shall not require the provision of separate service pipes for those houses until either—

(a) the existing supply pipe becomes so defective as to require renewal, or is no longer sufficient to meet the requirements of the houses; or

(b) an instalment of the water rate in respect of any of the houses remains unpaid after the end of the period for which it is due; or

(c) the houses are, by structural alterations to one or.more of them, converted into a larger number of houses. 43

43. Where any premises which are within the limits of supply Power to abut on, or are situate near to, any street which is, as to the whole break open or a part of its width, outside those limits, the undertakers may, forboM^airoST18 the purpose of supplying water to the owner or occupier of those limits of premises, exercise with respect to the whole width of the street the supply, like powers of laying, inspecting, repairing, altering, renewing and removing service pipes with any necessary stopcocks and fittings

648

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3RD Sch.

—cont.

Vesting of communication pipes and repair of such pipes and of supply pipes in highways.

Provisions as to position. &c., of stopcocks.

Water rates.

and of breaking open the street for that purpose as are exerciseable by them with respect to streets within the said limits, subject, however, to the like conditions and obligations.

44. —(1) All communication pipes, whether laid before or after the coming into force of this section, shall vest in the undertakers and the undertakers shall at their own expense carry out any necessary works of maintenance, repair or renewal of such pipes and any work on their mains incidental thereto.

(2) The undertakers shall also carry out any such necessary works as aforesaid in the case of so much of any supply pipe as is laid in a highway, and may recover the expenses reasonably incurred by them m so doing summarily as a civil debt from the owner of the premises supplied by the pipe, but without prejudice to the rights and obligations, as between themselves, of the owner and the occupier of the premises.

(3) If the undertakers fail to carry out any such necessary work with all reasonable despatch after service upon them of complaint of a defect from an owner or occupier of premises affected, they shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds and to a further fine not exceeding forty shillings for each day on which the default continues.

Part XI.

Stopcocks.

45. —(1) On every service pipe laid after the coming into force of this section the undertakers shall, and on every service pipe laid before that date the undertakers may, fit a stopcock enclosed in a covered box, or pit, of such size as may be reasonably necessary.

(2) Every stopcock fitted on a service pipe after the coming into force of this section shall be placed in such position as the undertakers deem most convenient:

Provided that—

(a) a stopcock in private premises shall be placed as near as is reasonably practicable to the street from which the service pipe enters those premises; and

(b) a stopcock in a street shall, after consultation with the highway authority concerned, be placed as near to the boundary thereof as is reasonably practicable.

Part XII.

Water rates and charges.

46. —(1) Undertakers who supply water to any premises for domestic purposes may charge in respect thereof a water rate, which shall be calculated at a rate-poundage not exceeding the prescribed rate-poundage—

(a) in the case of a house or of any premises not used solely for business,‘trade or manufacturing purposes or for the exercise of functions by any public authority, on the net annual value thereof; and

(b) in the case of any other premises, on such proportion of the net annual value thereof as may be prescribed or, if no proportion is prescribed, as may be determined by the Minister:

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

649

Provided that the undertakers may in any case make in respect of the supply such minimum charge as may be prescribed or, if no minimum charge is prescribed, fifteen shillings per annum.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule, where water supplied to a house within the curtilage of a factory is used solely for the domestic purposes of occupants of the house, the house shall be deemed separate premises not forming part of the factory.

(3) For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule, the net annual value of any premises shall be taken to be that value as appearing in the valuation list in force on the first day of the period of twelve months covered by the rate:

Provided that, if that value does not appear therein, or if the water rate is chargeable on a part only of any hereditament entered therein, the net annual value of the premises supplied shall be taken to be such sum, or, as the case may be, such fairly apportioned part of the net annual value of the whole hereditament, as, in default of agreement, may be determined by a court of summary jurisdiction.

(4) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, where there is communication, otherwise than by a highway, between buildings or parts of buildings in the occupation of the same person, those buildings or parts of buildings shall, if the undertakers so decide, be treated, for the purpose of charging water rates, as one building having a net annual value equal to the aggregate of their net annual values:

Provided that a person aggrieved by a decision of the undertakers under this subsection may appeal to a court of summary jurisdiction.

47.—(1) The undertakers, in lieu of charging a water rate, may agree with any person requiring a supply of water for domestic purposes to furnish the supply, whether by meter or otherwise, on such terms and conditions as may. be agreed.

(2) Charges payable under this section (including charges for any meter supplied by the undertakers) shall be recoverable in the manner in which water rates are recoverable. 48 *

48____(1) Where water which the undertakers supply for domestic

purposes, and in respect of which they charge a water rate—

(a) is used for watering a garden; or

(b) is used for horses, washing vehicles, or other purposes, in stables, garages or other premises where horses or vehicles are kept,

the undertakers may in either case, if a hosepipe or other similar apparatus is used, charge in respect of that use of the water an additional annual sum not exceeding die prescribed sum or, if no sum is prescribed, such sum as the Minister may determine.

(2) Where in either of such cases the water used is drawn from a tap outside a house, but no hosepipe or similar apparatus is used, the undertakers may charge an additional annual sum not exceeding one-half the maximum sum chargeable under the last foregoing subsection.

(3) Sums charged under the provisions of this section shall be paid in advance either quarterly or half-yearly, as the undertakers may determine, and shall be recoverable in the manner in which water rates are recoverable.

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Power to make agreed charges for domestic supply.

Additional charges where water supplied for domestic purposes and paid for by water rate is used for other purposes

650 Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3RD Sch. —coni.

Power to require supply to certain premises and for certain purposes to be taken by meter.

10 Edw. 7. & x Geo. 5. c. 24.

Power to require supplies for refrigerating or watersoftening apparatus, &c., to be taken by meter.

Power to require supply for hose-pipe to be taken by meter in certain cases.

49—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect where a maximum charge lor a supply of water by meter is prescribed.

(2) The undertakers shall not be bound to supply with water otherwise than by meter—

(a) any premises used as a house whereof a part is used by the same occupier for any business, trade or manufacturing purpose for which water is required or any. premises used as a farmhouse;

(b) any public institution, hospital, mental institution, nursing home, sanatorium, school, club, hostel, assembly hall, place of public entertainment, hotel, restaurant or licensed premises, within the meaning of that expression as used in the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910;

(c) any boarding-house capable of accommodating twelve or more persons including the persons usually resident therein; or

(d) any premises which are used solely for business, trade or manufacturing purposes and in which a supply of water for domestic purposes only is required.

(3) In any of the cases mentioned in the last foregoing subsection the water shall be supplied at a charge not exceeding the prescribed charge, subject, however, to a minimum annual charge equal to the annual amount which would be payable by way of water rate for a supply of water for domestic purposes furnished to the premises in question.

50. Where a person who takes a supply of water for domestic purposes from the undertakers otherwise than by meter desires to use any of the water so supplied—

(a) for operating a water-cooled refrigerating apparatus; or

(b) for operating any apparatus depending while in use upon a supply of continuously running water, not being an apparatus used solely for heating the water; or

(c) for cleaning, regenerating or supplying motive power to any

apparatus used for softening water,

the undertakers may, subject as hereinafter provided, require that all water so used shall—

(i) if a charge for a supply of water by meter is prescribed,

be taken by meter at a charge not exceeding the prescribed charge; or

(ii) whether such a charge is prescribed or not, be paid for at a reasonable rate to be determined, in default of agreement, by a court of summary jurisdiction:

Provided that no charge shall be made under this section in respect of a water softening apparatus used within a house for which the supply of water is taken, if one such apparatus only is used and if the water softened thereby is used solely for domestic purposes. 51

51. Where water which the undertakers supply for domestic purposes and in respect of which they charge a water rate is used by means of a hose-pipe, or other similar apparatus, for watering a garden, or for horses, washing vehicles, or other purposes in stables, garages or other premises where horses or vehicles are kept, and

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

651

the consumer takes also a supply of water by meter for purposes 3RD Sch.

other than domestic, the undertakers may require that all water —

used by him by means of the hose-pipe 01 other apparatus shall be taken by meter and paid for at the rate for the time being applicable to his supply by meter for non-domestic purposes.

52. —(1) No person shall be entitled to demand, or to continue to Provisions to

receive, from the undertakers a supply of water to any habitation to s£p?lyfto + which this section applies unless he has— lans?*&c? '

(a) agreed with the undertakers to take a supply of water by meter and to pay to them such minimum annual sum as will give them a reasonable return on the capital expenditure incurred by them in providing the required supply, and will cover other standing charges incurred by them in order • to meet the possible maximum demand for his habitation, and will yield a reasonable return on the cost of the water supplied; and

(ft) secured to the reasonable satisfaction of the undertakers, by way of deposit or otherwise, payment of such a sum as may be reasonable having regard to his possible maximum demand for water.

The annual sum to be so paid and the security to be so given shall be determined, in default of agreement, by a court of summary jurisdiction, whose decision shall be final.

(2) The habitations to which this section applies are tents, vans or other conveyances, whether on wheels or not, and sheds or similar structures, not being structures to which the building byelaws of the local authority of the district apply.

53. Where two or more houses or other buildings in the occupation Liability to of different persons are supplied with water by a common pipe, the water rates owner or occupier of each of them shall be liable to pay the same

water rate for the supply as he would have been liable to pay if it common pipe, had been supplied with water by a separate pipe.

54. —(1) Where a house on other building supplied with water by Water rates on

the undertakers has a net annual value not exceeding thirteen pounds, "jihouse8 the owner instead of the occupier shall, if the undertakers so resolve, demanded pay the rate for the supply of water: from the

Provided that in the administrative county of London twenty pounds owners-.shall be deemed to be substituted in this section for thirteen pounds and in any area in which a higher limit of value than thirteen pounds is in force for the purposes of the proviso to subsection (1) of section eleven of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, that higher limit shall 15 & 16 Geo. 5 be deemed to be substituted in this section for thirteen pounds. c* 9°-

(2) An owner of premises to which a resolution of undertakers under this section applies shall, if he pays the amount due by him in respect of a water rate before the expiration of one-half of the period in respect of which the rate or instalment of the rate is payable, or before such la\er date as may be specified by the undertakers, be entitled to an allowance calculated at the rate of five per cent

55. —(1) Undertakers who charge water rates under the special Making and Act shall make such a rate by fixing, in respect of a period of twelve d*tes o£ months commencing on either the first day of January, the first day waterrates.

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

652

3rd Sch. of April, the first day of July or the first day of October, the rate-—coni. poundage or, as the case may be, the scale of rate-poundages, by

reference to which amounts due under the rate are to be calculated and, subject to the provisions of this section, any such rate shall be payable in advance by equal, quarterly instalments on those dates, or, if the undertakers so resolve, by equal half-yearly instalments on that one of those dates which is the first day of the rate period and on the first day of the seventh month comprised in that period.

(2) A water rate under this section, or in force under any enactments relating to the undertakers immediately before the coming into operation of this section, shall unless and until a new rate is made, continue to operate in respect of each successive period of twelve months.

(3) If, and so long as, the water rates are payable in advance by half-yearly instalments— *

(a) no proceedings shall be commenced for the recovery of any such instalment until the expiration of two months from the first day of the half-year in respect of which it has been demanded; and

(b) if the person who is, or who, but for the provision of the last foregoing section, would be, liable to pay the water rate payable in respect of any premises is in occupation of those premises during a portion only of a half-year, he, or, as the case may be, the owner of the premises, shall be liable to pay so much only of the half-yearly instalment as bears to the whole instalment the same proportion as the number of days within the half-year during which the first-mentioned person is in occupation bears to the number of days in the half-year, and, if any greater proportion of the instalment has been paid, the person by whom it was paid shall be entitled to recover the excess from the undertakers, except in so far as he has previously recovered it from an incoming occupier:

Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall exempt the owner of any premises from liability in respect of any subsequent portion of the half-year during which the premises may agaih become occupied.

(4) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection—

(a) where the undertakers commence to give a supply of water, to any premises, either for the first time or after a discontinuance of supply, the then current instalment of the water rate shall become payable on the day on which notice requiring the supply is given to the undertakers or, if no such notice is given, on the day when they commence to give the supply; and

(b) the liability of a person to pay an instalment of a water rate shall not be affected by the fact that, before the end of the period in respect of which the instalment became payable by him, he or his tenant, as the case may be, removes from the premises in question, or causes the supply of water

' thereto to be discontinued.

(5) Nothing in this section affects any right *of the undertakers to make a minimum charge in respect of water rates.

1945- Water Act, 1945. Ch. 42. 653

56.—(1) Where, in consequence of a proposal under section thirty- 3RD Sch. seven of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, an amendment is made —cont. in the valuation list for the time being in force, or in consequence of Effect on water a requisition under section forty-seven of the Valuation (Metropolis) iteration Act, 1869, a provisional list comes into operation, the amendment or in valuation provisional list shall for the purpose of calculating the amount due list, in respect of any water rate payable under the special Act have 32 & 33 Vict, effect retrospectively as from the date when the proposal or requisition c' 67' was made and, notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing* section with respect to the equality of instalments of a water rate, any necessary adjustments shall be made in the then current instalments of the rates and any subsequent instalments thereof.

(2) If it is found that, by reason of the foregoing provisions, too much or too little has been paid in respect of any water rate, the difference shall be repaid or allowed or, as the case may be, shall be paid and may be recovered in the manner in which water rates are recoverable.

57___(1) The undertakers may allow discounts or rebates in con- Discount for

sideration of prompt payment of water rates and charges: PI°m^t f

Provided that such discounts or rebates shall be at the same rate watwrates under like circumstances to all persons and shall not in any case exceed and charges, five per cent.

(2) If, and so long as, the undertaker^ allow such discounts or rebates, notice of the effect of this section shall be endorsed on every demand note for water rates and charges.

(3) This section shall not apply in any case where a discount is payable under section fifty-four of this Schedule.

58. If it is shown to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace on Recovery of

sworn information in writing that a person is quitting, or is about to rJtes an^_ quit, premises to which the undertakers supply water and has failed from

to pay on demand an instalment of a water rate or charge payable leaving

by, and due from, him in respect of those premises, and intends to premises, evade payment thereof by departing from the premises, the justice may, in addition to issuing a summons for non-payment of the sum due, issue a warrant under his hand authorising the person named therein forthwith to enter the premises and to seize sufficient goods and chattels of the defaulter to meet the claim of the undertakers and to detain them until the complaint is determined upon the return of the summons.

59. —(1) Where the undertakers supply water by meter, the register Register of

of the meter shall be prima facie evidence of the quantity of water meter to be consumed. evidence.

(2) Any question arising between the undertakers and a consumer with respect to the quantity of water consumed may, on the application of either party, be determined by a court of summary jurisdiction.

(3) If the meter on being tested is proved to register incorrectly

to any degree exceeding five per cent___

(a) the meter shall be deemed to have registered incorrectly to that degree since the last occasion but one before the date

Water Act, 1945.

8 & g Geo. 6.

654

3RD SCH.

—con/.

Power to require provision of cisterns in certain cases.

Power to test water fittings.

Power to enter premises to detect waste or misuse of water.

Power to repair supply pipes.

Ch. 42.

of the test on which a reading of the index of the meter was taken by the undertakers, unless it is proved to have begun to register incorrectly on some later date; and

(b) the amount of any refund to be made to, or of any extra

payment to be made by, the consumer shall be paid or allowed by the undertakers or paid by the consumer, as the case may be, and in the case of an extra payment, shall be recoverable in the manner in which water rates are recoverable.

Part XIII.

Provisions for preventing waste, &c., of water, and

AS TO METERS AND OTHER FITTINGS.

60. —(1) The undertakers may require that—

(a) any building the supply of water to which need not under the special Act be constantly laid on under pressure; and

* (6) any house the erection of which was not commenced before

the coming into force of this section and to which water is required to be delivered at a height greater than thirty-five feet below the draw-off level of the service reservoir from which a supply of water is being, or is to be, furnished by them,

shall be provided with a cistern having a ball and stop-cock fitted on the pipe conveying water to it and, in the case of such a house as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection, may require that the cistern shall be capable of holding sufficient water to provide an adequate supply to the house for a period of twenty-four hours.

(2) If a consumer, whom the undertakers have in accordance with the foregoing provisions required to provide a cistern, foils to comply with jffie requirement, or if a consumer foils to keep in good repair any cistern in use in his building, or the ball and stop-cock appurtenant to that cistern, the undertakers may themselves provide a cistern, or execute any repairs necessary to prevent waste of water, and may recover the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing summarily as a civil debt from the owner of the building, but without prejudice to the rights and obligations, as between themselves, of the owner and the consumer.

61. The undertakers may test any water fittings used in connection with water supplied by them.

62. An authorised officer of the undertakers may, between the hour of seven in the forenoon and one hour after sunset, on producing, if required, evidence of his authority, enter any premises supplied with water by the undertakers in order to examine if there be any waste or misuse of sudh water and, if, after production of his authority, he is refused admittance to the .premises, or is obstructed in making his examination, the person refusing him admittance, or so obstructing him, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds. 63

63. —(1) If the undertakers have reason to think that some injury to or defect in a supply pipe which they are not under obligation to maintain is causing, or is likely to cause, waste of water or injury to person or property, they may execute such work as they

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

655

think necessary or expedient in the circumstances of the case with- 3RD Sch. out being requested so to do and, if any injury to or defect in the —cont

pipe is discovered, the expenses reasonably incurred by the undertakers in discovering it and in executing repairs shall be recoverable by them summarily as a civil debt from the owner of the premises supplied, but without prejudice to the rights and obligations, as between themselves, of the owner and the occupier of the premises.

(2) Where several houses or other buildings in the occupation of different persons are supplied with waiter by one common supply pipe belonging to the owners or occupiers of the houses or buildings, the amount of any such expenses as aforesaid reasonably incurred from time to time by the undertakers in the maintenance and repair of that pipe may be recovered by them summarily as a civil debt from those owners or occupiers in such proportions as, in case of dispute, may be settled by the court.

64.—(1) If any person wilfully or negligently causes or suffers Penalty for

any water fitting which he is liable to maintain to— waste, Ac., of

J ° water by

(a) be or remain so out of order, or so in need of repair; or non-repair of

(b) be or remain so constructed or adapted, or be so used, water ttmgs*

that the water supplied to him by the undertakers is, or is likely to be, wasted, misused or unduly consumed, or contaminated before use, or that foul air or any impure matter is likely to return into any pipe belonging to, or connected with a pipe belonging to, the undertakers, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) If any water fitting which any person is liable to maintain is in such a condition, or so constructed or adapted as aforesaid, the undertakers, without prejudice to their right to institute proceedings under the last foregoing subsection, may require that person to cany out any necessary repairs or alterations, and, if he fails to do so within forty-eight hours, may themselves carry out the work and recover from him summarily as a civil debt the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing.

65.—(1) An owner or occupier of premises supplied with water Penalties for by the undertakers who without their consent supplies any of thatmi^eo< water to another person for use in other premises, or wilfully water permits another person to take any of that water for use in other premises, shall (without prejudice to the right of the undertakers to recover from such owner or occupier the value of the water so supplied or permitted to be taken) be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds, unless that other person requires the water for the purpose of extinguishing a fire, or is a person supplied with water by the undertakers but temporarily unable, through no default of his own, to obtain water.

(2) If a person wrongfully takes, uses or diverts water from a reservoir, watercourse, conduit, pipe or other apparatus belonging to the undertakers, or from a pipe leading to or from any such reservoir, watercourse, conduit, pipe or other apparatus, or from a cistern or other receptacle containing water belonging to the undertakers or supplied by them for the use of a consumer of water from them, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

Dig !d by v

656

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3RD SCH.

—cont.

Penalty for fraudulent use of water.

Penalty for interference with valves and apparatus.

Penalty for extension or alteration of pipes, &c.

(3) Any person who, having from the undertakers a supply of water otherwise than by meter, uses any water so supplied to him for a purpose other than those for which he is entitled to use it shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, without prejudice to the right of the undertakers to recover from him the value of the water misused.

66. —(1) If any person fraudulently alters the index of any meter used by the undertakers for measuring the water supplied by them, or prevents any such meter from registering correctly the quantity oif water supplied, or fraudulently abstracts or uses water of the undertakers, he shall, without prejudice to any other right or remedy of the undertakers, 'be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and the undertakers may do all such work as is necessary for securing the proper working of the meter, and may recover the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing from the offender summarily as a civil debt.

(2) For the purposes of this section, if it is proved that a consumer has altered the index of a meter, it shall rest upon him to prove that he did not alter it fraudulently, and the existence of any artificial means under the control of a consumer for preventing a meter from registering correctly, or for enabling him fraudulently to abstract or use water, shall be evidence that he has fraudulently prevented the meter from registering correctly or, as the case may be, has fraudulently abstracted or used water.

67. If any person either—

(a) wilfully and without the consent of the undertakers; or

(b) negligently,

turns on, opens, closes, shuts off or otherwise interferes with any valve, cock or other work or apparatus belonging to the undertakers and thereby causes the supply of water to be interfered with, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds and, whether proceedings be taken against him in respect of his offence or not, the undertakers may recover from him summarily as a civil debt the amount of any damage sustained by them:

Provided that this section shall not apply to a consumer closing the stop-cock fixed on the service pipe supplying his premises, so long as he has obtained the consent of any other consumer whose supply will be affected thereby.

68. —(1) Any person who without the consent of the undertakers attaches any pipe or apparatus to a pipe belonging to the undertakers, or to a supply pipe, or makes any alteration in a supply pipe or in any apparatus attached to a supply pipe, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and any person who uses any pipe or apparatus which has been so attached, or altered, shall be liable to the same penalty unless he proves that he did not know, and had nd grounds for suspecting, that it had been so attached or altered.

(2) When an offence under this section has been committed % then, whether proceedings be taken against the offender in respect of his* offence or not, the undertakers may recover from him summarily as

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

657

a civil debt the amount of any damage sustained by them and the 3RD Sch. value of any water wasted, misused or improperly consumed. —coni.

69.—(1) A consumer who has not obtained the consent of the under- Meters to be takers shall not connect or disconnect any meter by means of which connected, or water supplied by the undertakers is intended to be, or has been, disconnected, measured for the purposes of the payment to be made to them, but, y undertakers, if he requires such a meter to be connected or disconnected, shall give fio the undertakers not less than twenty-four hours’ notice of his requirements and of the time when the work can be commenced and, thereupon, the undertakers shall carry out the necessary work and may recover from him summarily as a civil debt the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing.

(2) A consumer who contravenes any, of the provisions of this section, and undertakers who fail to carry out with all reasonable despatch any such work as aforesaid, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

70. Subject to the provisions of the special Act with respect to the Meters, Ac., breaking open of streets, the undertakers may for the purpose of to measure measuring the quantity of water supplied, or preventing and detecting detect waste waste, affix and maintain meters and other apparatus on their mains and service pipes and may insert in any street, but as near as is reasonably practicable to the boundary thereof, the necessary covers or boxes for giving access and protection thereto, and may for that purpose temporarily obstruct, break open, and interfere with streets, tramways, sewers, pipes, wires and apparatus:

Provided that the undertakers shall not under the powers of this section interfere with—

(a) any telegraphic line belonging to or used by the Postmaster-General, except in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the Telegraph Act, 1878; or

(b) any works or apparatus of any electricity undertakers, except in accordance with the provisions of section fifteen of the

. Electric Lighting Act, 1882, or section seventeen of the 45 & 46 Vict.

Schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899; or c-

62 & 63 Vict.

(c) any pipes or apparatus of any gas undertakers, except c. 19. under the supervision (if given) of an authorised officer of those undertakers and in accordance with plans approved by them or by such officer, or, in case of any difference, by a court of summary jurisdiction.

Part XIV.

Pollution of water by manufacture, &c., of gas.

71.—(1) Any person manufacturing or supplying gas who— Provisions as

(a) causes or suffers any washing or other liquid produced in, by^ulds11 or resulting from, the manufacture or supply of gas, or the resulting from treatment of any residual products of the manufacture of manufacture gas, to run or be conducted— of gas-

(i) into, or into any drain communicating with, any spring, stream, reservoir, aqueduct or other waterworks belonging to the undertakers; or

2 T

658

Ch. 42.

Water Act1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3RD Sch.

—cont.

Provision as to pollution by gas.

Power to examine gas pipes to ascertain source oi pollution.

(ii) into any depression in the ground or excavation in such proximity to any spring, well or adit belonging to any such undertakers that contamination of water therein is reasonably probable; or

(6) wilfully does any other act connected with the manufacture or supply of gas, or the treatment of any such residual products as aforesaid, whereby any water of the undertakers is fouled,

shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds

and to a further fine not exceeding ten pounds for each day during which his offence continues after the expiration of twenty-tour hours from the service on him by the undertakers of notice of his offence; or

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds and to a further fine not exceeding twenty pounds for each such day as aforesaid.

72. If water belonging to the undertakers is fouled by gas belonging to any person manufacturing or supplying gas, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and to a further fine not exceeding ten pounds for each day during which his offence continues after the expiration of twenty-four hours from the service on him by the undertakers of notice of his offence.

73. —(1) For the purpose of ascertaining whether water belonging to them is being fouled by gas belonging to any person manufacturing or supplying gas, the undertakers may open the ground, and examine the pipes and other works of that person;

Provided that, before proceeding so to do, they shall give twenty-four hours' notice of the time at which the examination is intended to take place both to that person and also to the persons having the control or management of the street or other place where theyvpro-pose to open the ground, and shall be subject to the like obligations 'and liable to the same penalties in relation to reinstatement, maintenance and other matters as those to which they are subject and liable when breaking open streets for the purpose of laying water pipes.

(2) If, upon such examination as aforesaid, it appears that water of the undertakers has been fouled by gas belonging to the said manufacturer or supplier of gas, the undertakers may recover from him summarily as a civil debt the expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with the examination and the repair of the street or place disturbed in the examination, but otherwise the undertakers shall pay all expenses of the examination and repair, and shall also make good to the said person any injury which may be occasioned to his pipes or other works by the examination.

The amount of the expenses of any such examination and repair, and of any injury so occasioned, shall, in default of agreement, be referred* to arbitration.

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

659

Part XV.

Financial provisions applicable to water companies.

74. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where the undertakers are a company, they shall not in respect of any year pay dividends on the paid-up capital of their undertaking at rates per cent, greater than the following rates, that is to say:—

(a) on capital subscribed before the date on which this section comes into force, the rates which they were entitled to pay thereon immediately before that date; and

(b) on capital subscribed after that date, five per cent, or, in the case of such capital entitled by the terms of subscription to a rate of dividend lower than five per cent., that lower rate.

(2) Nothing in the last foregoing subsection shall prevent the payment of a greater dividend in order to make up deficiencies in previous dividends:

Provided that, as respects capital subscribed after the date on which this section comes into force, this subsection shall apply only in relation to deficiencies arising during last five years before the year in respect of which a dividend is being paid.

(3) Paragraph (1) of subsection (1) of section one of the Trustee Act, 1925 (which includes among trustee stocks, any debenture, guarantee or preference stocks of water undertakers, being a company incorporated by special Act of Parliament or by Royal Charter, if for the previous ten years the company has paid a dividend of not less than five per centum on its ordinary stock) shall apply in a case where the undertakers are incorporated by statutory order as well as in a case where they are such a company as is referred to in that paragraph, and shall have effect, in any case to which the paragraph as extended by this subsection applies, as if for the words "five per centum " there were substituted the words "four per centum."

75. —(1) Where the undertakers are a company, all ordinary and preference stock , issued by them shall be issued in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) All stock issued by the undertakers shall be offered for sale by public auction or tender in such manner, at such times and subject to such conditions of sale as the undertakers from time to time determine:

Provided that—

(a) notice of the intended sale shall be given in writing to the local authority of every district wholly or partly within their limits of supply and to the secretary of the London Stock Exchange at least seven days before the day ff auction or the last day for the reception of tenders, as the case may be, and shall be advertised once in each of two successive weeks in one or more local newspapers circulating within the limits of supply;

2 T 2

3RD SCH. —coni.

Maximum rates of dividend.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 19.

Sale of stock by auction or tender.

66o

Ch. 42.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3RD Sch.

—cont.

Reserve and contingency funds.

(6) a reserve price shall be fixed and notice thereof shall be sent by the undertakers in a sealed letter to be received by the Minister not less than twenty-four hours before, but not to be opened until after, the day of auction or the last day for the receipt of tenders, as the case may be;

(c) in the case of a sale by auction, no lot offered for sale shall

comprise stock of greater nominal value than one hundred pounds;

(d) in the case of a sale by tender, no preference shall be given to one of two or more persons tendering the same sum, except that the offer by tender of any holder of stock of the undertakers may be accepted in preference to the offer of the same sum by any person who is not such a holder as aforesaid and preference may in like manner be given to the offer of any employee of the undertakers or consumer of water supplied by the undertakers;

\e) in the case of a sale by auction a bid (other than a first bid) shall not be recognised unless it is in advance of the last preceding bid; and

(/) it shall be one of the conditions of sale that the total sum payable by the purchaser shall be paid to the undertakers within three months after the date of the auction or of the acceptance of the tender, as the case may be.

(3) Any stock which has been offered for sale in accordance with the last foregoing subsection and is not sold may be disposed of at such price and m such manner as the undertakers may determine for the purpose of realising the best price obtainable.

(4) As soon as possible after the conclusion of the sale or sales, the undertakers shall send a report thereof to the Minister stating the total amount of each class of stock sold, the total amount obtained as premium (if any) and the highest and lowest prices obtained for each class of stock.

76.—(1) Where the undertakers are a company, they may, subject to the provisions of this section, by setting apart in any year out of revenue such sums as they think fit, form and maintain—

(a) a reserve fund, for the purpose of making good any deficiency which may at any time occur in the amount of divisible profits, or of meeting any extraordinary claim or demand which may at any time be made upon them;

(b) a contingency fund, for the purpose of meeting contingencies, or defraying the cost of renewing, repairing, enlarging or improving any part of the works forming part of the under-taking.

(2) Any sums so set a

in securities in which trustees are authorised to invest trust moneys, and, subjecf to the provisions of the next but one succeeding subsection, the dividends and interest arising from such securities may also be invested in the same or like securities so as to accumulate at compound interest for the credit of the fund in question.

reserve or contingency

1945- Water Act, 1945. Ch. 42.

(3) The undertakers shall transfer to any reserve fund or contingency fund formed under the foregoing provisions of this section any sum then standing to the credit of any existing reserve fund or contingency fund, as the case may be.

(4) Whenever, and so long as, the aggregate amount standing to the credit of the reserve fund and contingency fund together amounts to (or, by reason of such a transfer as aforesaid, exceeds) a sum equal to twelve and a half per cent, of the capital expenditure theretofore incurred by the undertakers for the purposes of their undertaking, no contribution from the revenue of the undertaking shall be made to either of the funds, and the interest and dividends on the funds shall not be invested but shall be treated as income of the undertaking.

(5) The aggregate amount which, subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, may be carried by the undertakers in any year to the formation or maintenance of the reserve fund and contingency fund shall not exceed a sum equal to one and a quarter per cent, of the capital expenditure theretofore incurred by the undertakers for the purposes of their undertaking.

77. —(1) Where the undertakers are a company, it shall not be Limitation on lawful for them to carry forward at the end ol any year to the credit balance

of the profit and loss (net revenue) account any sum exceeding the at

total of the following amounts, that is to say: — end of year#

(a) the amount required for paying any dividend or interest which they are entitled, or required, to pay, but have not paid, in respect of that year;

(6) an amount equal to the total sum which they will be required to pay during the next following year as interest on any mortgages or debenture stock; and

(c) an amount equal to the total sum which they might lawfully distribute as dividends on the preference and ordinary capital of the undertaking in respect of the next following year.

(2) Any sum which, but for the provisions of this section, might at the end of any year have been so carried forward as aforesaid shall be applied towards the reduction of water rates and charges in future years.

78. —(1) Where the undertakers are a company, they may— Power to pay

(a) grant gratuities, pensions or superannuation allowances to, In^rUati°n or to the widows, families or dependants of, their employees; allowances,

(b) establish contributory superannuation schemes, and establish f^i^wearch. and contribute to superannuation funds for the benefit of

their employees;

(c) enter into and carry into effect agreements with any insurance company or other association or company for securing to any such employee, widow, family or dependant such gratuities, pensions or allowances as are by this section authorised to be granted;

661

3RD SCH.

—cont.

﻿662

Oh.

Water Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3rd Sch. ( d) give donations or subscriptions to charitable institutions,

—coni. sick funds, benevolent funds and other objects calculated

to benefit their employees;

(e) subscribe to the funds of any association formed for the purpose of furthering the interests of water undertakers;

(/) make contributions for furthering research in matters with which water undertakers and their officers are concerned.

(2) No employee of the undertakers shall be required to become a contributor to any superannuation fund established under this 17 A 18 Geo. 5. section until the fund has been registered under the Superannuation c- 41* and other Trust Funds (Validation) Act, 1927.

Part XVI.

General and miscellaneous.

Notice of r' 79. A consumer who wishes the supply of water to his premises

discontinuance, to be discontinued shall give not less than twenty-four hours’ notice

to the undertakers.

Duty of undertakers to give notice of certain works.

Undertakers may obtain copies of valuation list on payment.

80. The undertakers, before commencing to execute repairs or other work which will cause any material interference with the supply of water, shall, except in a case of emergency, give to all consumers likely to be affected such notice as is reasonably practicable and shall complete the work with all reasonable despatch.

81. —(1) The rating authority of any area within which the undertakers supply water shall on application furnish to the undertakers a copy of their current valuation list, or of such part thereof or such entries therein as may be specified in the application, and their clerk shall, upon request, certify any such copy in accordance with the provisions of section forty-three of the Rating and Valuation Act, I925-

(2) In respect of every such copy the rating authority may demand a sum not exceeding five shillings for every hundred entries numbered separately, and for the purposes of this subsection any number of entries less than a complete hundred shall be treated as a complete hundred.

Power to enter 82.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any authorised

premises. officer of the undertakers shall, on producing, if so required, some duly authenticated document showing his authority, has a right .to enter any premises at all reasonable hours—

(a) for the purpose of inspecting and e .amining meters used by the undertakers for measuring the water supplied by them, and of ascertaining therefrom the quantity of water consumed;

(b) for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is, or has been, on or in connection with the premises any contravention of the provisions of the special Act or of any byelaws made thereunder;

(c) for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not circumstances exist which would authorise the undertakers to take any action, or execute any work, under the special Act or any such byelaws;

ie

1945*

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

663

(d) for the purpose of taking any action, or executing any work, authorised or required by the special Act or any such byelaws to be taken, or executed, by the undertakers:

Provided that admission to any premises shall not be demanded as of right unless twenty-four hours' notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

(2) If it is shown to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace on sworn information in writing—

(a) that admission to any premises has been refused, or that refusal is apprehended, or that the premises are unoccupied or that the occupier is temporarily absent, or that the case is one of urgency, or that an application for admission would defeat the object of the entry; and

(b) that there is reasonable ground for entry into the premises for any such purpose as aforesaid,

the justice may by warrant under his hand authorise the undertakers by any authorised officer to enter the premises, if need be by force:

Provided that such a warrant shall not be issued unless the justice is satisfied either that notice of the intention to apply for a warrant has been given to the occupier, or that the premises are unoccupied, or that the occupier is temporarily absent, or that the case is one of urgency, or that the giving of such notice would defeat the object of the entry.

(3) An authorised officer entering any premises by virtue of this section, or of a warrant issued thereunder, may take with him such other persons as may be necessary, and on leaving any unoccupied premises which he has entered by virtue of such a warrant shall leave them as effectually secured against trespassers as he found them.

(4) Every warrant granted under this section shall continue in force until the purpose for which the entry is necessary has been satisfied.

(5) If any person who in compliance with the provisions of this section, or of a warrant issued thereunder, is admitted into a factory or workplace discloses to any person any information obtained by him in the factory or workplace with regard to any manufacturing process or trade secret, he shall, unless such disclosure was made in the performance of his duty, be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be. construed as limiting the power of entry conferred in Part XIII of this Schedule for the purpose of making examination as to waste or misuse of water.

83. A person who wilfully obstructs any person acting in the execution of the special Act, or of any byelaw or warrant made or issued thereunder, shall , be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds and to a further fine not exceeding five pounds for each day on which the offence continues after conviction therefor.

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Penalty for obstructing execution of special Act.

664

3RD SCH. —cont. Power to require occupier to permit works to be executed by owner.

Summary proceedings for offences.

Continuing offences and penalties.

Restriction on right to prosecute.

Inclusion of several sums in one complaint, &c.

Appeals and applications to courts of summary jurisdiction.

Appeals to quarter sessions against decisions of justices.

Ch. 42. Water Act, 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

84. If, on a complaint made by the owner of any premises, it appears to a court of summary jurisdiction that the occupier of those premises prevents the owner from executing any work which he is by, or under, the special Act required to execute, the court may order the occupier to permit the execution of the work.

85. Save as otherwise expressly provided, all offences and fines under the special Act may be prosecuted and recovered under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

86. Where provision is made by, or under, the special Act for the imposition of a daily penalty in respect of a continuing offence, the court by which a person is convicted of the original offence may fix a reasonable period from the date of conviction for compliance by the defendant with any directions given by the court and, where a court has fixed such a period, the daily penalty shall not be recoverable in respect of any day before the expiration thereof.

87. Proceedings in respect of an offence created by, or under, the special Act shall not, without the written consent of the Attorney-General, be taken by any person other than the undertakers or a person aggrieved.

88. Where two or more sums are claimed from any person as being due under the special Act, or under byelaws made thereunder, a complaint, summons or warrant may contain in the body thereof, or in a schedule thereto, all or any of the sums so claimed.

89. —(1) Where any enactment in the special Act provides—

(a) for an appeal to a court of summary jurisdiction against a requirement, refusal or other decision of the undertakers; or

(b) for any matter to be determined by, or an application in

respect of any matter to be made to, a court of summary jurisdiction,

the procedure shall be by way of complaint for an order, and the Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall apply to the proceedings.

(2) The time within which any such appeal may be brought shall be twenty-one days from the date on which notice of the undertakers* requirement, refusal or other decision was served upon the person desiring to appeal, and for the purposes of this subsection the making of the complaint shall be deemed to be the bringing of the appeal.

(3) In any case where such an appeal lies, the document notifying to the person concerned the decision of the undertakers in the matter shall state the right of appeal to a court of summary jurisdiction and the time within which such an appeal may be brought.

90. Where a person aggrieved by any order, determination or other decision of a court of summary jurisdiction under the special Act is not by any other enactment authorised to appeal to a court of quarter sessions, he may, subject to any express provisions in the special Act to the contrary, appeal to such a court.

1945- Water Act, 1945. Ch. 42.

91. In arbitrations under the special Act the reference shall,

except where otherwise expressly provided, be to a single arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or, in default to

of agreement, by the Minister. arbitration.

92. In any case where no express provision with respect to com- Liability of pensation is made by the special Act, the undertakers shall pay to undertakers the owners and occupiers of, and all other persons interested in, to Pa?

any lands or streams taken or used for the purposes of that Act, or comPensa on* injuriously affected by the construction or maintenance of the works thereby authorised or otherwise by the execution of the powers thereby conferred, compensation for the value of the lands or streams so taken or used and for all damage sustained by those owners, occupiers and other persons by reason of the exercise as to those lands and streams of the powers conferred on the undertakers by the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith.

The amount of such compensation shall, in case of dispute, be settled in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts with reference to the taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

93. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section and to any pro- Protection for

visions of the special Act empowering the undertakers to execute wo.

works specified therein, or to abstract water, nothing in the special authorities

Act shall authorise the undertakers without the consent of the naviga- and for

tion authority concerned— catchment

boards and

(a) to interfere with any river, canal, dock, harbour, basin, lock railways.

01 reservoir so as injuriously to affect navigation thereon

or the use thereof or the access thereto, or to interfere with any towing path, so as to interrupt the traffic thereon;

(b) to interfere with any bridge crossing any river, canal, dock, harbour or basin;

(c) to execute any works in, across or under any dock, harbour, basin, wharf, quay or lock, or any land which belongs to a navigation authority and is held or used by them for the purposes of their undertaking;

(d) to execute any works which will interfere with the improvement of, or the access to, any river, canal, dock, harbour, basin, lock, reservoir, or towing path, or with any works appurtenant thereto or any land necessary for the enjoyment or improvement thereof;

or without the consent of the catchment .board to execute any works which will interfere with the exercise by a catchment board of their functions under any enactment, or without the consent of the railway company concerned, to execute any works along, across or under any railway of a railway company:

Provided that consent under this section shall not be unreasonably withheld, and if any question arises as to whether or not consent is unreasonably withheld, either party may require that it shall be referred to an arbitrator to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the President of the Institution of Civil Engineers.

665

3RD SCH.

—cont.

666 Ch. 42. Water Act, 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3R0 Sch. (2). Upon an arbitration under this. section, the arbitrator shall —coni. determine—

(a) whether any works which the undertakers propose to execute are such works as under the last foregoing subsection they are not entitled to execute without consent; and

(6) if they are such works, whether the injury, if any, to the navigation authority, catchment board or railway company will be of such a nature as to admit of being fully compensated by money; and

(c) if the works are of such a nature, the conditions, including conditions of a financial character with respect to the payment of compensation, future liabilities and otherwise, subject to which—

(i) the navigation authority, catchment board or railway company shall, if they so elect, carry out the works on behalf of the undertakers; or

(ii) in default of such election, the undertakers may themselves carry out the works.

If the arbitrator should determine that |he proposed works are such works as the undertakers are not entitled to execute without consent and that the works would cause injury to the navigation authority, catchment board or railway company of such a nature as not to admit of being fully compensated by money, the undertakers shall not proceed to execute the works, but in any other case they may execute the works subject to compliance with such conditions, including the payment of such compensation, as the arbitrator may have determined.

(3) For the purposes of this section, a navigation authority shall be deemed to be concerned with any river, canal, dock, harbour, basin, lock, reservoir, towing path, wharf, quay or land if it belongs to them and forms part of their undertaking, or if they have statutory rights of navigating on or using it, or of demanding tolls or dues in respect of navigation thereon or the use thereof.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting the powers of the undertakers under the special Act in respect of the opening and breaking up of streets and bridges.

Copies of special Act to be kept by undertakers in their office, and deposited with certain officers.

94.—(1) The undertakers shall at all times after the expiration of six months from the date on which the special Act was passed or made, keep at their principal office a copy thereof printed by the printers to His Majesty, and shall also within the said six months deposit such a copy with the clerk of the council of every county and town clerk of every county borough within which they supply, or propose to supply, water, or have, or propose to construct, any waterworks.

(2) If the undertakers fail to comply with any of the provisions of this section, they shall be liable Jo a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and to a further fine not exceeding five pounds for each day during which such a copy is not so kept or has not been so deposited.

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42.

667

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Sections 31, 40.

Amendments of the Public Health Act, 1936.

In section one hundred and sixteen, for the reference to the Supply 24 & 25 Geo. 5* of Water in Bulk Act, 1934, there shall be substituted a reference to c* 15 section twelve of this Act and subsections (4) and (6) of the said section one hundred and sixteen shall cease to have effect.

For section one hundred and twenty there shall be substituted the following section: —

"Incorpora- 120. For the purpose of enabling a local authority ti<rtain to suPPty water under this Act, there shall be incor-

vLions of °" porated with this Act the following provisions of the

Water Act, Third Schedule to the Water Act, 1945, that is to say—

1945' Section twenty-one of Part V,

Section thirty of Part VII,

Part X (Laying and maintenance of supply pipes and communication pipes),

Part XI (Stopcocks),

Sections fifty-three and fifty-five of Part XII,

Part XIII (Provisions for preventing waste, &c., of water and as to meters and other fittings).

Part XIV (Pollution of water by manufacture, &c., of gas,

Sections 9eventy-nine and eighty of Part XVI."

Section one hundred and twenty-one shall cease to have effect.

In the proviso to subsection (3) of section one hundred and twenty-seven the words " can be drawn off into a receptacle at one point only and " shall be omitted.

Sections one hundred and thirty, one hundred and thirty-two, one hundred and thirty-three and one hundred and thirty-five shall cease to have effect.

In section one hundred and thirty-six for the words "material degree " there shall be substituted the words " degree exceeding five per cent."

In subsection (4) of section one hundred and thirty-eight after the .

words " section thirty-five of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847 " J°I7.XI 1C there shall be inserted the words "or section twenty-nine of the ’ Third Schedule to the Water Act, 1945, whichever applies for the time being to the undertakers ".

Section one hundred and thirty-nine shall cease to have effect.

In section one hundred and forty-two the definition of " water fittings " shall be omitted.

In section two hundred and seventy-five, for the words " drain or communication pipe for water " there shall be substituted the words "or drain ".

668

Ch. 42. Water Act, 1945. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

4th Sch. For subsection (ij of section two hundred and seventy-nine there —cont. shall be substituted the following subsection: —

" General pro- 279.—(1) For the purposes of any section of this Act

breakin^to which confers powers on local authorities to construct, streets.g °PeD lay or maintain sewers, drains or pipes, the provisions of Part VI of the Third Schedule to the Water Act,

1945, shall be incorporated with this Act, subject, however, to such adaptations as may be necessary to make those provisions applicable to the construction and maintenance of sewers and drains as well as to the laying and maintenance of water mains and pipes/'

In subsection (2) of the said section the words "and modifications " shall be omitted, and for the words "drain or pipe " there shall be substituted the words "or drain."

Sections two hundred and eighty and two hundred and eighty-one shall cease to have effect.

Section >62.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

8 & 9 Vict. The Companies Clauses Consolidation Section one hun-

c. 16. Act, 1845. dred and twenty-

10 & 11 Vict. The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847 - two, in relation to water companies. The whole Act.

c. 17.

26 & 27 Vict. The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1863 - The whole Act.

c. 93-

33 & 34 Vict. The Gas and Water Works Facilities The whole Act, so

c. 70. Act, 1870. far as it relates

36 & 37 Vict. The Gas and Water Works Facilities to water. The whole Act, so

c. 89. Act, 1870, Amendment Act, 1873. far as it relates to

38 & 39 Vict. 4 The Public Health Act, 1875 - water. Section three hun-

c- 55- 50 & 51 Vict. The Water Companies (Regulation of dred and three so far as it applies to any local enactment relating to water supply. The whole Act.

c. 21. it & 12 Geo. Powers) Act, 1887. The Water Undertakings (Modification The whole Act.

5- c. 44. 24 & 25 Geo. of Charges) Act, 1921. The Supply of Water in Bulk Act, 1934 The whole Act.

5- c. 15.

1945-

Water Act, 1945.

Ch. 42, 43.

669

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

5TH SCH.

—cont.

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 49.

The Public Health Act, 1936 -

7 & 8 Geo. 6. The Rural Water Supplies and Sewer-c. 16. age Act, 1944.

Subsections (4) and (6) of section one hundred and sixteen; sections one hundred and twenty-one, one hundred and thirty, one hundred and thirty-two, one hundred and thirty-three, one hundred and thirty-five, one hundred and thirty-nine, two hundred and eighty and two hundred and eighty-one.

Section three, in section four the words " with the supply of water in or "and section five.

CHAPTER 43.

Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

The War Works Commission.

Section.

1. The War Works Commission.

2. Procedure of Commission.

3. Dissolution of Commission.

Part II.

New Temporary Powers of Acquisition of Land by Ministers.

4. Land affected by government war work or damaged by government

war use.

5. Works.

6. Depreciated land.

7. Easements and other rights.

670

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6

Section.

8. Reference to Commission of proposals to acquire land or rights.

9. Powers of Minister on receipt of report of Commission.

10. Conditional recommendations by Commission.

11. Principles on which Commission are to act.

12. Overriding provision as to purchase of certain commons and open

spaces.

13. Agricultural land.

14. Duration of powers under Part II.

Part III.

Highways.

15. Stopping up or diversion of highways.

16. Retention of railway, tramway, &c., on highway where highway

not stopped up or diverted.

17. Publication of proposed orders and reference to Commission.

18. Proceedings after reference to Commission.

19. Validity and date of operation of orders under Part III.

20. Duration of power to make orders.

21. Temporary continuance of stopping up, &c.

22. Savings.

Part IV.

Telegraphic Lines.

23. General provision as to telegraphic lines.

24. Power of owners, &c., to require removal of telegraphic lines.

25. Deep lines.

Part V.

New Temporary Procedure for Acquisition of Land by Local Authorities.

26. Acquisition by local authorities.

27. Provisions as to compulsory purchase orders.

Part VI.

Temporary Powers as to Maintenance, Use and Removal of Works, &c.

28. Maintenance and use of works and continuance in possession.

29. Removal of works and restoration of land.

30. Duration of powers under Part VI.

31. Compensation and adaptation of enactments.

Part VII.

Application and Amendments of Defence Acts, &c.

32. Application of Defence Acts to acquisitions by virtue of Part II.

33. Modifications of Defence Acts in relation to acquisitions not by virtue

of Part II.

34. Power to acquire particular levels only and reversionary interests.

35. Amendments as to procedure.

36. Notice to treat to acquire easements or other rights.

37. Method of compulsory acquisition of easements and rights.

38. Miscellaneous provisions as to easements and rights acquired under

Defence Acts.

39. Compensation for acquisition of easements and rights.

*945-

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

Ch. 43.

67r

Part VIII.

Adjustment of Compensation on Acquisition of Land

Section.

40. Application of Part VIII.

41. Elimination of value due to government war work, &c.

42. Adjustment where compensation paid or payable under Compensation

(Defence) Act, 1939, or otherwise.

43. Forfeitures.

44. Repeal of certain provisions of Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions)

Acts, 1941 and 1943.

Part IX.

Amendments of Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939.

45. Increase in rental compensation under s. 2 of Compensation (Defence)

Act, 1939.

46. Effect on compensation of reservation of rights under Part VT.

47. Compensation under s. 2 of Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, for

removal of fixed machinery or plant.

48. Successive works to be dealt with as one.

49. Lump sum compensation under s. 3 of Compensation (Defence)

Act, 1939.

50. Definition of work done on land.

Part X.

Miscellaneous and General.

51. Saving for agreements.

52. Power of Ministers to defray cost of rehabilitation of land in certain

circumstances.

53. Provision of land in lieu of land acquired under Defence Acts.

54. Consequences of undertakings to pay money under Part II.

55. Amendment of procedure where land is purchased by a drainage

board.

56. Provisions as to Board of Trade.

57. Expenses.

58. Evidence.

59. Interpretation, &c.

60. Application to Scotland.

61. Application to Northern Ireland.

62. Short title.

Schedule.—Enactments applied to certain Ministers.

An Act to authorise the acquisition of certain land used or dealt with for war purposes and to make other provision as to such land; to remove doubts as to the powers of certain Ministers to acquire land under the Defence Act, 1842; to amend certain of the enactments relating to compensation in respect of land; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

672

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works , 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

The War Works Commission. % Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— Part I. The War Works Commission. 1.—(1) For the purpose of reporting on the matters and deciding the questions mentioned in the subsequent provisions of this Act, there shall be a Commission, to be called the War Works Commission, (in this Act referred to as " the Commission ") consisting of a chairman and such number of other members as His Majesty may think expedient, to be appointed by His Majesty. (2) The appointment of a member of the Commission shall be for such term as may be determined by His Majesty before his appointment and shall be subject to such conditions as may be so determined. (3) A member of the Commission who ceases to hold office shall be eligible for re-appointment. (4) A person shall be disqualified for being appointed or being a member of the Commission so long as he is a member of the Commons House of Parliament. (5) The Commission shall appoint a secretary to the Commission, and may appoint such other officers and such servants of the Commission as the Commission may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine. (6) There shall "be paid out . of moneys provided by the Parliament of the United Kingdom— (a) to the members, officers and servants of the Commission such remuneration (whether by way of salaries or by way of fees), and such allowances, as the Treasury may determine; and (b) any expenses incurred by the Commission with the approval of the Treasury.

Procedure of 2.—(1) The Commission shall have power to act notwith

Commission, standing a vacancy among the members thereof.

(2) At any meeting of the Commission three or such greater number as the Commission may determine shall be the quorum. (3) In considering any matters referred to them under the subsequent provisions of this Act, the Commission shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, cause such inquiries to be made, and give to such persons such opportunities of making oral or written representations, as the Commission think fit, and may, if they think fit, cause a local inquiry to be held.

1945- Requisitioned Land Ch. 43. 673

and War Works Act, 1945.

Part I.

(4) The provisions of subsections (2) to (5) of section two r—cont hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933 23 & 24 Geo. 5. (which relate to the summoning of witnesses, the production of c- 5* documents, and costs), shall apply to any such local inquiry as they apply to a local inquiry held under that section, but as if for references to a department there were substituted references to the Commission:

Provided that—

(a) no local authority shall be ordered to pay costs under subsection (4) of that section in the case of any inquiry unless it is a party to that inquiry; and

(b) for the purposes of subsection (5) of that section, the Minister making the proposals with respect to which the inquiry is being held shall be deemed to be a party to the inquiry and costs may be ordered to be paid to or by him accordingly.

3. If it appears to His Majesty that the Commission have Dissolution dealt with all the matters which have been referred to them of Com-under this Act and that no further matters are likely to be mission-referred to them thereunder, His Majesty may by Order in Council dissolve the Commission.

Part II.

New Temporary Powers of Acquisition of Land by

Ministers.

4. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, J-and affected any of the Ministers specified in subsection (2) of this section ^twar may, in the circumstances specified in the two next succeed- work or

ing sections, acquire under the Defence Acts any land on damaged by which government war work has been done or which has government been damaged by government war use. war use-

(2) The said Ministers are the Ministers who apart from this Part of this Act have power to acquire land under the Defence Acts, and the Minister of War Transport, the Postmaster General and the Minister of Works. 5

5. —(1) Where there are government war works on the Works, land, the power of acquisition shall be exercisable if those works were constructed wholly or partly at the expense of

the Crown or some other person naving no interest or a limited interest in the land and, in the opinion of the Minister, either—

(a) the value of the works ought, by the acquisition of the land, to be preserved either for the Crown or for the said other person, his legal personal representatives or his successor in the carrying on of a trade or 2 U

674

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part II. —con/.

Depreciated

land.

Easements and other rights.

business in connection with the carrying on of which he incurred the expense in question; or

(6) the right to use the works (whether then or thereafter) ought, by the acquisition of the land, to be preserved or secured either for the Crown or for some other person having no interest or a limited interest in the land, and the case is not one where the land can be acquired under the Defence Acts apart from this Part of this Act; or

(c) the right to determine the use to which the works are put (whether then or thereafter! ought, by the acquisition of the land, to be secured for the Crown, and the case is not one where the land can be acquired under the Defence Acts apart from this Part of this Act.

(2) In any such case as aforesaid the power of acquisition shall extend not merely to the site of the works but also to any contiguous or adjacent land which, in the opinion of the Minister, must be held with the site of tile works if the works are to be properly utilized and maintained.

6. —(1) Whether there are government war works on the land or not, the power of acquisition shall be exercisable where the value of the land has been diminished by government war work done thereon or by damage caused by government war use thereof if, in the opinion of the Minister, it is desirable in the public interest that the land should be dealt with in a particular manner with a view to the total or partial rehabilitation thereof and the land is only likely to be dealt with in that manner if it is acquired by virtue of this Part of this Act.

(2) In any such case as aforesaid, the power of acquisition shall extend not merely to the land the value of which has been diminished but also to any contiguous or adjacent land which, in the opinion of the Minister, must be held with the first-mentioned land if the first-mentioned land is to be properly dealt with.

7. —(1) Where a Minister has acquired or has power to acquire any land by virtue of this Part of this Act or would have power so to acquire any land if he did not already own it, he—

(a) may, under the Defence Acts, acquire any easement over or right restrictive of the user of any other land, being an easement or right which in his opinion is essential to the full enjoyment of the first-mentioned land; and

(b) may, if there are government war works anywhere on the first-mentioned land, by order discharge wholly or partly or modify any restriction as to the

le

*945-

Requisitioned* Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

Ch. 43.

675

user of that land or as to building thereon arising Part il by virtue of any contract if, in his opinion, the continued existence of the restriction, or, as the case may be, the continued existence thereof without modification, would prevent the retention of the works on the land or would prevent or impede the reasonable user of the works for public or private purposes.

(2) Where—

(a) there are government war works on any land constructed at the expense of the person who is the owner of that land and

(b) a Minister would have had power to acquire that land under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section five of this Act if that person had had no interest or only a limited interest in the land,

the Minister shall have the like power to acquire any easement over or right restrictive of the user of any other land, being an easement or right which in his opinion is essential to the full enjoyment of the first-mentioned land, as he would have had under this section if he had had power as aforesaid to acquire the first-mentioned land, and, on the transfer by the Minister of the easement or right acquired to any person having an interest in that land, the like consequences shall ensue as would have ensued if it had been conveyed to him direct by the persons from whom it was acquired by the Minister.

(3) Any person having an interest in any land entitled to the benefit of a restriction discharged or modified under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of this section shall, if the value of his interest is diminished by the discharge or modification of the restriction, be entitled to receive from the Minister compensation in respect of the diminution.

(4) The Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) 9 & 10 Geo. 5* Act, 1919, as amended by any subsequent enactment, shallc- 57-

with any necessary modifications, apply in relation to compensation under subsection (3) of this section as it applies in relation to compensation for the acquisition of a right over land.

8.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, before Reference to proceeding to acquire compulsorily by virtue of this Part of Commission this Act any land or any easement over or right restrictive acquire of the user of any land or to discharge or modify under this iand or rights. Part of this Act any restriction as to the user of any land or as to building thereon, the Minister shall publish, in the manner hereinafter specified, a notice of his proposals, specifying the grounds thereof and a time, not being less than three months from the date of the publication, within which written

2U2

676

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part II.

—cont.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 75.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 21.

notice of objection to the carrying out of the proposals may be sent to the Minister.

The said notice shall be published as follows, that is to say, the Minister shall—

(a) serve a copy thereof on any person to whom compensation under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two or subsection (2) of section three of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, is in course of payment in respect of the land and, where the land is registered land within the meaning of the Land Registration Act, 1925, on every person appearing from the register to be an owner or a lessee of the land; and

(b) serve a copy thereof on the local planning authority within whose area the land is situated; and

(c) cause to be published a copy thereof in such newspapers, if any, and in such other manner, if any, as appear to him to be appropriate, and the Minister shall also cause to be deposited with the said local planning authority a map identifying the land, and the authority shall permit that map to be inspected at all reasonable hours without payment.

Any notice required to be served under this subsection may be served either—

(i) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be

served; or

(ii) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of abode of that person; or

(iii) by sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to that person at nis usual or last known place of abode; or

(iv) in the case of an incorporated company or body, by delivering it to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at their registered or principal office or sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at

- that office; or

(v) if it is not practicable after reasonable inquiry to ascertain the address of the person on whom it should be served, by addressing it to him and delivering it to some person on the land, or, if there is no person on the land to whom it can be delivered, by displaying it in a prominent position on the land.

(2) If within the time so specified the Minister receives any objection in writing to the proposals or any of them, being an objection either—

(a) by a person who appears to him to have an interest in the land; or

1945* Requisitioned Land Ch. 43.

and War Works Act, 1945.

(b) in a case where it appears to him that the proposals will or may affect amenities enjoyed by the public, by the local planning authority, by any local authority or by a society or body having as its object or one of its objects the preservation of such amenities, being a society or body the character and membership of which is such that it is, in his opinion, proper that their views should be considered; or

(c) in a case where it appears to him that the proposals will or may affect the progress of scientific research, by a society or body having as its object or one of its objects the furtherance of scientific research, being a society or body the character and membership of which is such that it is, in his opinion, proper that their views should be considered,

then, unless he decides not to proceed with the proposals, he shall, not later than two months from the time so specified, refer the whole matter of the proposals to the Commission for a report, and shall not proceed to carry out the proposals until the Commission have reported to him thereon.

(3) Before reporting to the Minister, the Commission shall, in the course of their inquiries, afford to any person who made any such objection as is referred to in the last preceding subsection and has not been afforded an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by them, an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose by them, whether at a public local inquiry or otherwise.

(a) Where objection to the proposals or any of them is made to the Commission on the ground that the proposals or any of them are not in accordance with national or local interests or requirements as to planning or amenities and the Commission, though not satisfied that the objection should be upheld, are of opmion that it is substantial, the Commission shall notify the Minister of Town and Country Planning accordingly and shall, before reporting to the Minister who made the proposals, consider any information or representations put before them by or on behalf of the Minister of Town and Country Planning.

(5) Where the Board of Trade certify—

(a) that the land which is to be acquired or for the benefit of which the easement or right is to be acquired or which is subject to the restriction to be discharged or modified, as the case may be, is or is part of industrial premises; and

(b) that those premises in substance owe their existing character, so far as the buildings and structures thereon are concerned, to government war work; and

677

Part II.

—cont.

678 Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

Part II. —cont.

Powers of Minister on receipt of report of Commission.

(c) that in the interests of an orderly transition from war conditions to peace conditions it is expedient that the ability of the Crown to dispose of the premises, together with all necessary easements and other rights over and in relation to other land, should be established without delay,

and the Minister of Town and Country Planning certifies that the proposals are, in his opinion, consistent in all the circumstances with the proper use and development of land, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the following modifications, that is to say, for the reference in subsection (1) thereof to a period of three months there shall be substituted a reference to a period of fourteen days, and subsection (4) thereof shall not apply:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply where the proposals are for the acquisition of land which includes the whole or any part of a common, open space or fuel or field garden allotment or is the property of any local authority.

In this subsection the expression " industrial premises " includes industrial premises in an incomplete state, and the expression " buildings and structures " shall be construed accordingly.

(6) On receiving the report of the Commission, the Minister who made the proposals shall forthwith send a copy thereof to any person from whom he received any such objection as is specified in subsection (2) of this section and publish it in such other manner as appears to him appropriate.

9.—(1) Subject to the provisions of subsections (5) and (6) of this section, where proposals involving the acquisition of land are referred to the Commission and the Commission report that the land or any part of it ought not to be acquired, the Minister may, if—

(a) the ground, or one of the grounds, of the proposed acquisition was that the right to use or determine the use of works ought to be preserved or secured by the acquisition of the land; and

(b) the land consists either of the site of the works or of land contiguous or adjacent thereto which was occupied with the site of the works for the whole or any part of the period after the construction thereof ana, in the opinion of the Minister, must be held therewith if the works are to be properly utilised and maintained,

nevertheless proceed with the acquisition on that ground if he thinks fit to do so, but, save as aforesaid, the Minister shall not proceed with the acquisition of any land which the Commission report ought not to be acquired.

1945- Requisitioned Land Ch. 43.

and War Works Act, 1945.

(2) Subject to the provisions of subsections (5) and (6) of this section, where proposals involving the acquisition of any easement or right restrictive of the user of any land which, in the opinion of the Minister, is essential to the full enjoyment of other land are referred to the Commission, and the Commission report that the easement or right ought not to be acquired, the Minister may—

(a) if the last-mentioned land is land which the Minister proposes to acquire on the ground that the right to use or determine the use of works thereon ought to be preserved or secured, or on that and other grounds, or is land which the Minister would have power to acquire on that ground but for the fact that he already owns it; or

(b) if the easement or right is proposed to be acquired under subsection (2) of section seven of this Act,

nevertheless proceed with the acquisition of the easement or right on that ground, if he thinks fit to do so, but, save as aforesaid, the Minister shall not proceed with the acquisition of an easement or right which the Commission report ought not to be acquired.

(3) Subject to the provisions of subsections (5) and (6) of

this section, where proposals involving the discharge or modification of a restriction as to the user of land or as to building thereon are referred to the Commission and the Commission report that the restriction ought not to be discharged or modified, or ought not to be discharged or modified to the extent specified in the proposals, the Minister may, if in his opinion the discharge or modification of the restriction otherwise than in accordance with the report of the Commission, is necessary if government war works on the land are to be, or to be capable of being, put to the use to which in his opinion they ought to be, or to be capable of being, put, nevertheless proceed with the discharge or modification of the restriction if he thinks fit to do so, but, save as aforesaid, the Minister shall not proceed with the discharge or modification of any restriction except in accordance.with the report of the Commission. 4

(4) Where proposals involving the. acquisition of land are referred to the Commission and the Commission report that the land or any part of it ought not to be acquired but that, in lieu of the acquisition of that land or that part of the land, an easement over or right restrictive of the user of that land or that part of that land can properly be acquired, the Minister may, if he thinks fit, acquire that easement or right as if the acquisition thereof had formed part of the proposals referred to the Commission.

679

Part II. f—cont.

68o

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IL

—cont.

Conditional recommendations by Commission.

(5) Where the Commission report either—

(a) that land consists of a dwelling-house; or (b)that land consists of the whole or part of a building occupied with, or garden or park of, a dwelling-house, and that it could not be severed from the dwelling-house without seriously affecting the amenity or convenience of the dwelling-house; or (c) that land which would be adversely affected by the acquisition of an easement or other right or by the discharge or modification of a restriction is a dwelling-house or the whole or part of a building occupied with, or garden or park of, a dwelling-house, and that the acquisition o£ the easement or right, or, as the case may be, the discharge or modification of the restriction, would seriously affect the amenity or convenience of the dwelling-house, and further report that the land ought not to be acquired or, as the case may be, the easement or other right ought not to be acquired or the restriction discharged or modified, the Minister shall not proceed with the acquisition of the land, easement or right, or, as the case may be, with the discharge or modification of the restriction:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to any dwelling-house the construction of which was government war work.

(6) Before proceeding with any proposals otherwise than in accordance with the report of me Commission, the Minister shall lay before both Houses of Parliament a copy of the report and a statement of the reasons why he intends to proceed to carry out the proposals notwithstanding the report, and if either House of Parliament within the period of forty days beginning with the date on which a copy of the report and the statement are laid before it resolves that the proposals shall not be proceeded with otherwise than in accordance with the report, the Minister shall not proceed with the proposals otherwise than in accordance with the report.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

10.—(1) Where land is proposed to be acquired on the

fround that the value of works ought to be preserved, the Commission may, if they think fit, report that till or any part of the land ought not to be acquired if, within a time specified in the report, any person interested in the land pays to the Minister in respect of the value of the works a sum specified in the report or, if the report so provides, a sum determined by arbitration under terms of reference so specified:

1945- Requisitioned Land Ch. 43.

and War Works Act, 1945.

Provided that the right of any person interested in the land to pay a sum determined by arbitration as aforesaid shall not be exercisable unless, within such time as may be specified in the report, he gives notice in writing to the Minister that he requires that amount to be determined by arbitration.

The arbitrator in any such arbitration shall be such one of the official arbitrators under the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, as may be selected by the Reference Committee under that Act on the written application either of the Minister or of the person who applied for the arbitration, and there shall be payable in respect of the application to the Reference Committee and in respect of any such hearing such fees as the Treasury may prescribe, but, subject as aforesaid, the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934, shall apply to the arbitration.

(2) Where land is proposed to be acquired on the ground that it is desirable in the public interest that the whole or some part thereof should be dealt with in a particular manner with a view to the total or partial rehabilitation thereof, the Commission may, if they think fit, report that the land ought not to be acquired if such person as may be specified in the report undertakes in writing to the Minister within a time so specified that he will take steps so specified within times so specified for the total or partial rehabilitation of the land or that part of the land, as the case may be:

Provided that the Commission shall, not specify a person under this subsection as a person to give an undertaking unless they are satisfied that he has sufficient rights in the land and in any other relevant land to enable him to carry out his undertaking.

(3) Where any such report as aforesaid is made and the condition specified in the report is satisfied, the report shall be treated for the purposes of the last preceding section as if it were a report that the land ought not to be acquired, but in any other case the report shall be treated as a report that the land can properly be acquired:

Provided that where such an undertaking as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection is given but is not carried out, the Minister may then proceed with the acquisition of the land.

11.—(1) The Commission, in considering any proposals referred to them, shall have regard to all relevant considerations and shall recommend what in their opinion in view of the national and local interests and requirements (whether as to planning or amenities or otherwise) and the private interests affected is in all the circumstances reasonable.

681

Part II*

—cont.

Principles on which Commission are to act.

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

(2) In considering proposals for the acquisition of land on the ground that the value of works ought to be preserved, the Commission shall have particular regard to—-

(a) the cost of the works;

(b) the financial advantage, if any, which would accrue to any objector if the land were not acquired; and

(c) the degree of loss or hardship which any objector would sustain if the land were acquired.

(3) In considering proposals for the acquisition of land on the ground that it is desirable in the public interest that the whole or some part thereof should be dealt with in a particular manner with a view to the total or partial rehabilitation thereof, the Commission shall have particular regard to—

(a) the practicability or- otherwise of restoring the land to the condition in which it was before the government war work thereon was done or, as the case may be, the damage caused by the government war use thereof was caused, and the cost of the restoration, if it is practicable;

(b) the desirability or otherwise of dealing with the land or, as the case may be, the part of the land, otherwise than by restoring it, and in particular any question which arises as to amenities enjoyed or to be enjoyed by members of the public; and

(c) the degree of loss or hardship which any objector would sustain if the land were acquired.

(4) In considering proposals involving the acquisition of a dwelling-house, or the whole or part of a building occupied with, or park or garden of, a dwelling-house, or any easement over or right restrictive of the user of a dwelling-house or a building occupied therewith or the garden or park thereof, or involving the discharge or modification of any restriction enuring for the benefit of land which includes a dwelling-house, the Commission shall consider the nature and extent of the interest which any objector has in the dwelling-house and (notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section) if they are of opinion that his interest in the dwelling-house is, in all the circumstances, to be considered as a substantial one, shall report that the carrying out of the proposals (so far as they relate to the said matters) ought not to be proceeded with unless, in their opinion, either—

(a) the carrying out of the proposals (so far as they relate to the said matters) is necessary in order to preserve something which is of substantial value to the community; or

(b) in the case of the acquisition of the whole or a part of a building occupied with a dwelling-house or of a

1945-

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

Ch. 43.

683

garden or park, or an easement over or right restrictive of the user of a dwelling-house, building occupied with a dwelling-house, garden or park, or of the discharge or modification of a restriction, the proposals can be carried out without seriously affecting the amenity or convenience of the dwelling-house:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to any dwelling-house the construction of which was government war work.

(5) Where the proposals are for the acquisition of any land under section five of this Act and—

(a) the land to be acquired consists of or includes the whole or any part of a common, open space or fuel or field garden allotment; and

(b) the Commission are of opinion that the works in question are not both substantial and permanent in their nature,

the Commission shall, notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, report mat the proposals, so far as they relate to land consisting of or forming part of the common, open space or fuel or field garden allotment, shall not be proceeded with.

Part II.

—cont.

12. Where proposals for the acquisition of land under this Overriding Part of this Act include proposals for the acquisition of land Provisl<J^" which consists of or includes the whole or any part of a ^rtain common or open space, the Minister shall not, in pursuance of commons and those proposals, acquire, or serve notice to treat for the acqui- open spaces, sition of, any part of that common or open space unless each House of Parliament resolves that the proposals, so far as they relate to that common or open space, ought to be proceeded with:

Provided that this section shall not apply where the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, in the case of a common, or the Minister of Town and Country Planning, in the case of an open space not being a common, certifies that other land, not being less in area and being equally advantageous to the public, is to be provided in lieu of the common or open space or part of a common or open space which is proposed to be acquired.

13. In considering whether the conditions necessary for the Agricultural exercise of any powers exercisable by virtue of this Part ofland-this Act are fulfilled, any work done on any land possession of which has been taken for agricultural purposes by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or by the War Agricultural Executive Committee as defined by section thirty of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940, 3 & 4 Geo. & being work done in the course of the cultivation of that land c*14*

684

Part II.

—cont.

Duration of powers under Part II.

Stopping up or diversion of highways.

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Gpo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

or work done wholly or mainly for the improvement of that land for agricultural purposes, shall not be treated as government war work.

14. —(1) The powers conferred by this Part of this Act shall only be exercisable if the relevant agreement to buy, notice to treat or order has been made or served before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period, or if notice of proposals for the exercise of those powers has been published in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, any right to acquire land by virtue of this Part of this Act which arises by reason of anything done on land while in the possession of a Minister or of a person who is occupying or using it under the authority of a Minister shall not be available when the land on which the thing was done is no longer in the possession of any Minister or any such person:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply where an undertaking given under this Part of this Act to take steps for the rehabilitation of land is not carried out.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, the power to discharge or modify any restriction as to the user of land or as to building thereon may, where the land is being acquired by virtue of this Part of this Act, be exercised at any time so long as notice of proposals in that behalf is published in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act, or the order is made, before the completion of the acquisition of the land.

Part III.

Highways.

15. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act and in particular to the provisions thereof relating to the publication of proposals and reference thereof to the Commission, where any highway has been stopped up or diverted in the exercise of emergency powers, the Minister of War Transport may, if he is satisfied that in the public interest it is necessary or expedient so to do, by order authorise the permanent stopping up or diversion of the highway.

(2) An order under this section may provide for all or any of the following matters, that is to say,—

(a) for requiring, as a substitute for any highway stopped up under the order, the provision or improvement of another highway or other highways;

1945*

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

Ch. 43.

685

(6) for directing that any highway to be provided or Part hi. improved, or any highway provided or improved —cont. before the making of the order, as a substitute for any highway stopped up under the order, shall be repairable by the inhabitants at large, and for specifying the authority which is to be the highway authority therefor;

(c) for directing that any highway to be provided or improved, or any highway provided or improved before the making of the order, as a substitute for a trunk road stopped up under the order shall itself be a trunk road for all or any of the purposes of the

Trunk Roads Act, 1936; 15dw-8 &

1 Geo. 6. c. 5

(d) for the retention or removal of any cables, wires, mains or pipes placed along, across, over or under the stopped up or diverted highway, and for the extinction, modification or preservation of any rights as to the use or maintenance of those cables, wires, mains or pipes;

(e) if any highway other than the original highway is to be or has been provided or improved, or if the original highway is to be permanently diverted, for authorising or requiring the provision of cables, wires, mams or pipes laid along, across, over or under the said other highway, or, as the case may be, the highway as diverted, in lieu of any cables, wires, mams or pipes removed from the original highway, and for conferring rights as to the use or maintenance of cables, wires, mains or pipes so provided;

(/) for requiring, out of moneys provided by Parliament or by specified authorities or persons—

(i) the payment of, or the making of contributions in respect of, the cost of doing any work required to be done by the order or any increased expenditure to be incurred which is ascribable to the doing of any such work or to the provision or improvement, before the making of the order, of any highway as a substitute for any highway stopped up under the order; or

(ii) the repayment of, or the making of contributions in respect of, any compensation paid by the highway authority in respect of restrictions imposed under section one or section two of the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935, as 25 & 26 Geo. 5. respects any highway stopped up or diverted under c. 47.

the order.

686

Part III. —coni.

Retention of railway, tramway, Ac., on highway where highway not stopped up or diverted.

Publication of proposed orders and reference to Commission.

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

(3) An order under this section may contain such consequential, incidental and supplemental provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order, including provisions authorising the compulsory acquisition of land.

16. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, where, in the exercise of emergency powers or, for war purposes, by agreement or otherwise, any railway or tramway or any cable, wire, main or pipe has been placed along, across, over or under any highway, the Minister of War Transport may, if he is satisfied that in the public interest it is necessary or expedient so to do, by order authorise the railway, tramway, cable, wire, main or pipe to be used and maintained along, across, over or under the highway, unless and until other provision in that behalf is made by or under any Act (whether public general or local), subject, however, to such conditions and limitations, if any, as may be specified in the order.

(2) Any such order may contain such consequential, incidental and supplemental provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order.

17. —(1) Before making any order under this Part of this Act, the Minister shall publish his proposals by causing notice thereof—

(a) to be advertised in two or more newspapers circulating in the locality in which the highways to which the proposals relate are or will be situated; and

(b) to be sent to every local authority in whose area any such highway as aforesaid is or will be situated and to any water, gas or electricity undertakers having any cables, wires, mains or pipes laid along, across, over or under any such highway as aforesaid; and

(c) to be displayed in a prominent position at the ends of so much of any highway as is proposed to be stopped up or diverted under the order; and

(d) in the case of an order authorising the compulsory acquisition of land, to be served on every owner, lessee or occupier (except tenants for a month or a less period than a month) of any of the land proposed to be compulsorily acquired.

In this subsection the expression " local authority " includes a parish council and the parish meeting of a rural parish not having a separate pansh council.

(2) Any such notice shall specify the place where copies of a draft of the proposed order may be obtained, ana shall

1945-

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

Ch. 43.

687

state that the order will be made unless, within such period Part in. (not being less than three months from the date of the publication) as may be specified in the notice, written notice of objection to the order is given by any person to the Minister.

(3) Any notice required to be served under paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section may be served either—

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be served; or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of abode of that person; or

(c) by sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to that person at his usual or last known place of abode; or

(d) in the case of an incorporated company or body, by delivering it to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at their registered or principal office or sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at that office; or

(e) if it is not practicable after reasonable inquiry to ascertain the name or address of the person on whom it should be served, by addressing it to him by the description of " owner " or "lessee " or " occupier " of the land (describing it) to which it relates and by delivering it to some person on the land, or, if there is no person on the land to whom it can be delivered, by displaying it in a prominent position on the land.

(4) If within the time limited by a notice under this section the Minister receives any written objection to the draft order, he shall, unless he decides not to proceed with his proposals, refer the draft order to the Commission for a report, and shall take no further proceedings thereon until the Commission have reported to him.

18.—(1) Where a draft order is referred as aforesaid to Proceedings the Commission for a report, the Commission— totammis"

(a) shall afford to any person who made any such objec-

tion as is referred to in the last preceding section, and has not been afforded an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by them, an opportunity v of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose by them, whether at a public local inquiry or otherwise; and

(b) may report that the order can be properly made either as proposed or subject to such modifications as may be specified in the report, or that no order ought to be made.

688 Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

Part III. (2) Subject to the provisions of this section, where the —cont. Commission report that the order can properly be made subject to modifications or that no order ought to be made, the Minister may, if the making of the order without, or with some only of, the modifications, or, as the case may be, the making of the order, is in his opinion necessary—

(a) for any purpose for which, apart from the provisions of Part II of this Act, any Minister has power to acquire land under the Defence Acts, or for the proper enjoyment of land which any Minister would have power to acquire under the Defence Acts apart from the provisions of Part II of this Act; or

(b) for the proper utilization of government war works on any land, being works the right to use or determine the use of which (whether then or thereafter) ought, in the opinion of the Minister of War Transport, to be preserved or secured for the Crown or for some other person,

proceed to make the order with such of the modifications as he thinks fit to adopt or in the form of the draft referred to the Commission.

(3) The provisions of the last preceding subsection shall not apply to any modification of the draft order relating to the payment of money and if the Minister decides to make an order notwithstanding that the report recommends that no order ought to be made or to make an order without, or with some only of, the modifications recommended by the report as to matters other than the payment of money, he shall refer back to the Commission the question whether any money should or should not be paid, and shall either defer the making of any order until he receives the report or make his order as to other matters before he receives the report and, if the Commission report that money ought to be paid, make a supplemental order providing for the payment of money in accordance with the report.

(4) Save as aforesaid, the Minister shall not make any order otherwise than in accordance with the report of the Commission.

(5) Before proceeding to make an order otherwise than in accordance with the report of the Commission, the Minister shall lay before both Houses of Parliament a copy of the report and a statement of the reasons why he intends to proceed to make the order notwithstanding the report, and if either House of Parliament within the period of forty days beginning with the date on which a copy of the report and the statement are laid before it resolves that the proposals shall not be proceeded with otherwise than in accordance with the

1945-

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

Ch. 43. 689

report, the Minister shall not proceed with the proposals other- Part III. wise than in accordance with the report. —cont.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

19.—(1) As soon as may be after making an order under Validity and this Part of this Act, the Minister shall publish in the manner date of specified in subsection (1) of section seventeen of this Act^JJ^. a notice that the order has been made and that copies thereof part^n °F may be obtained from a place specified in the notice on payment of such sum (not exceeding one shilling) as may be so specified.

(2) If any person aggrieved by any such order desires to question the validity thereof, or of any provision contained therein, on the ground that it is not within the powers of this Part of this Act or that any requirement of this Part of this Act has not been complied with in relation to the order, he may, within six weeks from the date on which the notice aforesaid is last published in a newspaper in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, make an application to the High Court, and on any such application the Court—

(a) may by an interim order suspend the operation of the order or any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant, until the final determination of me proceedings; and

(b) if satisfied that the order or any provision contained therein is not within the powers of this Part of this Act or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of this Part of this Act not having been complied with, may quash the order or any provision contained therein, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant.

(3) Subject to the provisions of the last preceding subsection, an order under this Part of this Act snail not, either before or after it has been made, be questioned in an}7 legal proceedings whatsoever and shall become operative on the date on which such notice is last published as aforesaid.

20.—(1) No order shall be made under this Part of this Act Duration of except in pursuance of proposals published in accordance power to with die provisions of this Part of this Act before the expira-make orders tion of two years from the end of the war period.

(2) No order authorising the permanent stopping up or diversion of a highway shall be made under this Part of this Act after the highway has ceased to be temporarily stopped

2 X

690

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part hi. up or diverted (whether under emergency powers or by virtue —cont. of the next succeeding section) and no order authorising the permanent use and maintenance along, across, over or under a highway of a railway, tramway, cable, wire, main or pipe shall be made under this Part of this Act after the railway, tramway, cable, wire, main or pipe, as the case may be, has been abandoned.

Temporary 21.—(1) Any order made under any Defence Regulation

' continuance for the stopping up or diversion of a highway shall, unless ° &?pmg previously revoked by the Minister who made the order, or, if the order was made by the Minister of Transport, by the Minister of War Transport, continue in force by virtue of this section until the expiration of two years from the end of the war period notwithstanding the expiration or revocation of the Defence Regulation in question and notwithstanding that the stopping up or diversion of the highway is no longer required for war purposes:

Provided that where, before the expiration of the said two years, proposals for the permanent stopping up or diversion of the highway have been published in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act, the period for which the order is to continue in force, unless previously revoked as aforesaid by virtue of this section shall be extended—

(a) until an order made under this Part of this Act in pursuance of the proposals becomes operative; or

(b) where the proposals are abandoned (whether by reason of an adverse report of the Commission or otherwise) until six months after the abandonment.

(2) A railway, tramway, cable, wire, main or pipe placed along, across, over or under a highway in the exercise of emergency powers or for war purposes may (notwithstanding that the use and maintenance thereof is no longer required for war purposes) continue to be used and maintained along, across, over or under the highway by virtue of this section until the expiration of two years from the end of the war period or such earlier date as may be specified by any Minister who authorised the placing thereof or, if that Minister was the Minister of Transport, by the Minister of War Transport:

Provided that where, before the expiration of the said two years, proposals for the permanent use and maintenance of the railway, tramway, cable, wire, main or pipe have been published in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act, the period for which the railway, tramway, cable, wire, main or pipe may be used and maintained by virtue of this section shall be extended—

(a) until an order made under this Part of this Act in pursuance of the proposals becomes operative; or

1945-

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

Ch. 43.

69I

(6) where the proposals are abandoned (whether by Part hi. reason of an adverse report of the Commission or —com. otherwise), until six months after the abandonment.

22. —(1) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall apply to any Savings, telegraphic line placed or maintained by virtue of any of the provisions of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1943.

(2) The references in this Part of this Act to the stopping up or diversion of a highway in the exercise of emergency powers or by an order under any Defence Regulation shall be deemed not to include references to the stopping up of a highway in pursuance of an authority in writing for the stopping up and ploughing thereof given under paragraph (5A) of Regulation sixty-two of the Defence (General) Regulations,

3:939, by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries.

Part IV.

Telegraphic Lines.

23. Where in the exercise of emergency powers the Post- General promaster General has constructed any telegraphic line, then, ^ifion " *° subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the line shall, ^J^apluc as from the end of the war period or such earlier date as may

be fixed in relation thereto by the Postmaster General, be treated as having been constructed, with all necessary consents, under and in accordance with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1943, and those Acts shall apply in relation thereto accordingly:

Provided that—

(a) the line shall not, for the purposes of any agreement made before the passing of this Act for regulating the exercise by the Postmaster General of his rights under those Acts, be treated as having been so constructed; and

(b) nothing in this section shall affect the application in relation to the line of the Compensation (Defence)

Act, 1939.

24. Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding section. Power of at any time after the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1943, have owners. &c.. become applicable to a telegraphic line in pursuance of theto require last preceding section, any person whose consent would, if

the line were then to be constructed, be required under the iinJ^ P said Acts to the construction thereof, may, by notice in writing, require the Postmaster General to remove the line not later than three months from the date of the service of the notice and, unless that person consents to the withdrawal of the notice, the Postmaster General shall remove the line accordingly:

2X2

692

Ch. 43.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

41 & 42 Vict, c. 76.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 40.

Deep lines.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

Provided that if, within the said three months, the Postmaster General serves a notice on that person requiring him so to consent—

(a) a difference shall be deemed to have arisen between the Postmaster General and that person; and

(b) the provisions of sections three, four and five of the Telegraph Act, 1878, and of section one of the Telegraph (Construction) Act, 1916 (which provide for the determination of differences as to the placing of telegraphs, posts and telegraphic lines), shall, with any necessary adaptations, apply as if it were a difference arising under the first-mentioned Act, and as if the references in the said provisions to consent to the placing of telegraphs or posts or a telegraphic line were references to consent to the withdrawal of the notice; and

(c) the Postmaster General shall not be bound to remove the line until three months from the final determination of any proceedings taken under or by virtue of the said provisions,

and for the purposes of this proviso, proceedings shall not be deemed to be finally determined until the time allowed for appealing has expired or, where an appeal is brought, until the appeal is itself finally determined.

25.—(1) Where any line constructed by the Postmaster General in the exercise of emergency powers is a deep line, then, subject to the provisions of this section, no compensation shall be J>avable to any person, whether under the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939,. or otherwise, by reason of the construction, maintenance or use thereof.

This subsection shall be deemed to have had effect as from the beginning of the war period.

(2) No obligation imposed on the Postmaster General or power conferred on any other person to remove or alter a telegraphic line (whether the obligation is imposed or the power is conferred by or under any Act, including this Act or a local or personal Act, or by or under any agreement or otherwise) shall apply to a deep line constructed in the exercise of emergency powers, but where, after the end of the war period, any person proves that he would, but for the provisions of this subsection, have power to remove or alter, or require the removal or alteration of, any deep line or any part of a deep line, being a line or part in respect of which no compensation has previously been paid under this subsection, the Postmaster General shall pay to him and to every other person then having an estate or interest in the land through or under

1945* Requisitioned Land Ch. 43. 693

and War Works Act, 1945.

which that line or part passes a sum equal to the amount by Part IV. which the values of their respective estates and interests in —com. that land are diminished by the operation of this subsection in relation to that line or part.

(3) If any government war works constructed below the surface of any land in connection with the construction of, but not forming part of, a deep line, remain in the land after the completion of the line, and any person having an estate or interest in the land, proves that the presence of those works in the land interferes or is likely to interfere with any existing or proposed works of his on the land, then, unless compensation has already been paid in respect of the said government war works, the Postmaster General shall pay to him and to every other person then having an estate or interest in the land a sum equal to the amount by which the values of their respective estates and interests in the land are diminished by the presence of the said government war works in that land.

(4) The amount and application of any compensation payable under this section shall be determined in accordance with

section seven of the Telegraph Act, 1863, as amended by or 26 & 27 Vict, under any subsequent enactment. c. 112.

(5) In this section, the expression " deep line" means a telegraphic line which for the greater part of its course consists of a tunnel containing wires used for the purpose of telegraphic communication and running at a depth of more than thirty feet below ground level, that is to say, below the level of the ground in its natural state or, where the ground is covered with water, below the level of the surface of that water, taken, where the water is tidal, at high tide on an ordinary spring tide.

Part V.

New Temporary Procedure for Acquisition of Land by Local Authorities.

26.—(1) Where, under Defence Regulations, a local autho- Acquisition rity or combination of local authorities have been directed to by do work on, or authorised to use, any land for a purpose authorities« for which they are or can be authorised under any Act to acquire land compulsorily, they may be authorised under this Part of this Act to purchase all or any part of the land compulsorily for that purpose by means of an order made by them and confirmed by the appropriate Minister, that is to say,—

(a) where the purpose was the construction or improvement of a highway, the Minister of War Transport;

(b) where the purpose was the performance of any of their functions under the Civil Defence Acts, 1937

694

Part V. —coni.

Provisions as to

compulsory

purchase

orders.

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

and 1939, the Secretary of State or the Minister of Health, according as the Minister of Home Security or the Minister of Health gave the direction or authority;

(c) where the purpose was the performance of their functions as a local education authority, the Minister of Education;

(d) in any other case, the Minister of Health:

Provided that no land shall be purchased under this section except in pursuance of a notice to treat given before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period.

(2) Where, under Defence Regulations, an authority which are not a local authority or combination of local authorities have done work on or used any land for the purpose of a police force, and a local authority or combination of local authorities are or can be authorised under any Act to acquire land compulsorily for that purpose of that force, the work done or, as the case may be, the use made of, that land by the first-mentioned authority shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to be work done on or use made of that land, by the second-mentioned authority or combination of authorities.

27.—(1) The provisions of Part VII of the Local Government Act, 1933, relating to compulsory purchase orders as defined in subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of that Act shall (notwithstanding anything in paragraph (g) of section one hundred and seventy-nine of that Act) apply in relation to a purchase of land authorised under this Part of this Act subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) for the references to the Minister of Health there "shall be substituted references to the appropriate Minister;

(b) references to a local authority shall include references to a combination of local authorities;

(c) where work has been done on the land by the acquiring authority or combination of authorities, the appropriate Minister, if he thinks fit, may—

(i) direct that subsection (3) of the said section one hundred and sixty-one (which relates to the publication and service of notices) either shall not apply or shall apply subject to such modifications as may be specified in the direction;

(ii) confirm the order without causing a local inquiry to be held, notwithstanding that objections (being objections not relating to matters

1945- Requisitioned Land Ch. 43.

and War Works Act, 1945.

which can be dealt with by the tribunal by whom the compensation is to be assessed) have been duly made and have not been withdrawn.

(2) The references in the preceding subsection to Part VII of the Local Government Act, 1933, and to section one hundred and sixty-one and paragraph (g) of section one hundred and seventy-nine of mat Act shall, in relation to the Administrative County of London, be construed as references respectively to Part V of the London Government Act, 1939, ana to section one hundred and two and subsection (2) of section one hundred and fourteen of that Act.

Part VI.

Temporary Powers as to Maintenance, Use and Removal of Works, &c.

28.—(1) Where government war works have been constructed on any land, any Minister may maintain and use, or authorise the maintenance and use of, those works for the purposes of the public service or for any purpose for which they were maintained or used in the exercise of emergency powers.

(2) Any Minister may -retain or authorise the retention of possession of any land which (whether by virtue of an exercise of emergency powers or otherwise) is in his possession or in that of any person who is occupying or using it under his authority, notwithstanding the determination of any other right thereto, and, where possession of any land is retained under this subsection, any Minister may use it or authorise its use for the purposes of the public service or in any manner in which it was being used immediately before possession was so retained:

Provided that where notice to treat has been given, the Minister may authorise the use of the land by any person, in any manner and for any purpose, but, where he gives an authority by virtue of this proviso, the power conferred by subsection (2) of section five of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919,^0 withdraw a notice to treat shall not be exercisable.

(3) In connection with the use of any works or land under this section—

(a) any person having the use of the works or land may continue to exercise and enjoy all such rights and advantages as, immediately before the use under this section began, were, by agreement or otherwise, being exercised or enjoyed in connection with the

695

Part V. —coni.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40.

Maintenance and use of works and continuance in possession.

696

Part VI.

—cont.

Removal of works and restoration of land.

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

use of the works or land for war purposes by the person then having the use thereof (including, but without prejudice to the generality of the preceding words, rights and advantages as to the taking of water, whether for the purposes of a water undertaking or for other purposes); and

(b) any orders made under Defence Regulations in connection with the use of the works or land for war purposes and in force immediately before the use under this section began (including, but without prejudice to the generality of the preceding words, any order authorising the taking of water, whether for the purposes of a water undertaking or for other purposes) shall continue in force in relation to the works or land except in so far as revoked in relation thereto by order of the Minister using, or, as the case may be, authorising the use of, the works or land.

29.—(1) Where government war work has been done on any land, or where the value of any land has been diminished by damage caused by government war use thereof, any Minister, or any person acting under the authority of any Minister, shall have power and be deemed always to have had power, as against all persons interested in the land—

(a) to remove any works constructed or other thing placed on, over or below the surface of the land in the course of the work; and

(b) for the purpose of restoring the land wholly or partly to the condition in which it was before the work was done or the damage was caused, to do such work on the land as he thinks fit; and

(c) for the purpose of exercising those powers, to enter upon any land of which he is not in possession:

Provided that—

(i) the powers conferred by this subsection shall not be

exercisable in relation to any works in respect of the value of which an amount has been paid under Part II of this Act to a Minister in pursuance of a report of the Commission; and

(ii) after the passing of this Act, entry upon any land shall not be demanded as a right under paragraph

(c) of this subsection unless reasonable notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier of the land; and

(iii) where in connection with any works an agreement in writing has, whether at, before or after the time of the construction thereof been made by or on behalf

1945* Requisitioned Land Ch. 43.

and War Works Act, 1945.

of any Minister with any person then having an interest in the land on which the work is constructed, which contains a specific provision that the works should belong to that person permanently, the said powers shall not be exercisable in relation to those works so as to defeat that provision of that agreement.

(2) Where any land is damaged in the exercise of the powers conferred by paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section, the Minister shall pay such compensation to the persons interested in the land as may be just, and any dispute as to the compensation payable shall be decided by the General Claims Tribunal constituted under the Compensation (Defence) Act,

1939-

(3) Without prejudice to the operation, as respects the war period, of any Defence Regulation, no person (other than a constable or servant of His Majesty acting in the course of his duty as such) shall, except with permission granted by .or on behalf of a Minister, remove, alter or tamper with anything which a Minister has power to remove under this section.

30.—(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this Duration of section, the right to exercise die powers conferred by this powere under Part of this Act shall cease on the expiration of two years p from the end of the war period.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (1) of this section but subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section, any right to exercise the said powers which arises by reason of anything done on land while in the possession of a Minister, or of a person who is occupying or using it under the authority of a Minister, shall not be available when the land is no longer in the possession of a Minister or any such person:

Provided that where any land is in the possession of a Minister or of a person who is occupying or using it under the authority of a Minister, that Minister may, by a notice served on the person for the time being entitled to receive any rent or compensation in the nature of rent in respect of possession of the land by the Minister or the person so occupying or using it, and published in such manner as the Minister thinks best adapted for informing any other persons affected, reserve the rights conferred by the last preceding section in relation to that land, and where such a notice is given this subsection shall not apply to the said rights.

(3) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this section but subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section, where work has been done on any land while that

697

Part VI. —cont.

6g8

Part VI. . —cont.

Compensation and adaptation of enactment.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 21.

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

land was not in the possession of a Minister or of a person who was occupying or using it under the authority of a Minister, any right to exercise the powers conferred by the last preceding section which arises by reason of the domg of the work shall not be available after any person has, by virtue of a notice given under paragraph (6) of subsection (3) of section three of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, or by virtue of any agreement, become entitled to receive from the Crown a lump sum by way of compensation in respect of the doing of the work.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provision? of this section, where proceedings commenced before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period for the acquisition of any land by a Minister or a local authority or combination of local authorities are abandoned, the right to exercise the powers conferred by the last preceding section shall remain available until the expiration of six months from the abandonment:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply where the abandonment is by virtue of the giving of an undertaking under Part II of this Act in pursuance of a report of the Commission.

For the purposes of this subsection, proceedings for the acquisition of land shall be deemed to have been commenced if notice to treat for the acquisition thereof has been given or if proposals for the acquisition thereof have been published under Part II of this Act.

31.—(1) The powers conferred by this Part of this Act shall be deemed for the purposes of the following enactments, that is to say—

(a) the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939; and

(b) the Landlord and Tenant (Requisitioned Land) Acts, 1942 and 1944; and

(c) any provisions of the War Damage Act, 1943, referring to requisitioned land or to work done on land in the exercise of emergency powers,

to be powers exercisable by virtue of Defence Regulations.

(2) In relation to the exercise of the powers so conferred, the period mentioned in subsection (1) of section one of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, shall extend to the end of the period for which the powers so conferred are exercisable and, where possession of any land is retained in pursuance of the powers so conferred, the retention of possession by virtue of those powers and the original taking and retention of the land apart from those powers shall be treated for the purposes of

1945* Requisitioned Land Ch. 43. 699

and War Works Act, 1945.

section two of that Act as being one transaction, and the refer- Part vi. ences in the said section two to the period for which the —com. possession of the land is retained shall be construed accordingly.

(3) Where, if the powers so conferred had been exercised under Defence Regulations, either—

(a) compensation would, by virtue of any Defence Regu-

lation, be payable in respect of the exercise thereof otherwise than under the Compensation (Defence)

Act, 1939; or

(b) compensation in respect of the exercise thereof would have been payable under that Act, but subject to modifications,

the like compensation shall be payable in respect of the exercise thereof, and, so far as respects the exercise thereof, any Defence Regulation providing for the payment of the compensation or for the modifications, as the case may be, shall continue in force notwithstanding that it has expired for all other purposes, whether by virtue of the expiration of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, or otherwise. 2 & 3 Geo. 6.

C. 62.

(4) This section shall be deemed always to have had effect.

Part VII.

Application and Amendments of Defence Acts, &c.

32.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the next Application succeeding section, the provisions of the Defence Acts sped- ^cts toDCe fied in the Schedule to thus Act shall have effect as if references acquisitions in whatever terms to the principal officers of Her Majesty's by virtue of ordnance or to the Secretary of State for the War Department Part 11 or to the ordnance department included references to the Minister of War Transport, the Postmaster General and the Minister of Works and to their respective departments, so as to confer on those Ministers any powers, rights or privileges in relation to the acquisition of land by virtue of Part II of this Act and in relation to the holding, management, use and disposal in any manner of land so acquired, which under the said provisions are vested in the Secretary of State for War as respects land which, apart from the said Part II, he has power to acquire under the Defence Acts.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this and the next succeeding section, the Defence Acts shall, in relation to the said Ministers and to any Minister who, apart from the said Part II, has power to acquire land under the Defence Acts, have effect as if any acquisition by virtue of the said Part II were an acquisition under those Acts for the purposes of the department of the Minister in question or the defence of the realm.

700

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6-

Part VII.

—CO fit.

5 & 6 Vict, c. 94.

27 & 28 Vict, c. 57.

Modifications of Defence Acts in relation to acquisitions not by virtue of Part II.

Power to

acquire

particular

levels only and

reveisionary

interests.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 52.

Amendments as to

procedure.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, nothing in section fourteen of the Defence Act, 1842 (which provides for the resale, free of incumbrances, of land acquired under that Act) or in the corresponding provisions of the Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864, snail enable any land acquired by virtue of Part II of this Act to be disposed of free from any restriction as to user of that land or as to building thereon.

33. —(1) The power of any Minister to acauire land under the Defence Acts for any purpose otherwise than by virtue of Part II of this Act shall, where the notice to treat is given before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period, include power to acquire for the same purpose, in accordance with the provisions in that behalf contained in this Part of this Act, any easement over or right restrictive of the user of any land, being an easement or right which he requires for that purpose.

(2) It is hereby declared that any power of any Minister to acquire under the Defence Acts, otherwise than by virtue of Part II of this Act, land for any purpose' is not affected by the fact that his office is a temporary one or that, after the expiration of a certain period, some other Minister may be the Minister concerned, or that he can obtain or has obtained possession apart from those Acts.

34. —(1) Where the notice to treat is given before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period or the acquisition is by virtue of Part II of this Act, the surface of any land may be acquired under the Defence Acts without the minerals or subjacent strata or any part thereof and (subject to the provisions of subsection (1) of section seventeen of the Coal Act, 1938) the minerals or subjacent strata or any part thereof may be acquired under those Acts without the surface.

(2) Without prejudice to any power in that behalf exercisable under the Defence Acts apart from this section, where a Minister or any person on behalf of a Minister is in possession of any land under a lease or tenancy and either the notice to treat is given before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period or the acquisition is by virtue of Part II of this Act, any interest reversionary thereon may be acquired under the Defence Acts.

35. —(1) Where the notice to treat is given before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period or the acquisition is by virtue of Part II of this Act, land may be compulsorily acquired under the Defence Acts notwithstanding that it, has not been surveyed and marked out in

1945- Requisitioned Land Ch. 43.

and War Works Act, 1945.

accordance with section sixteen of the Defence Act, 1842, and references in the Defence Acts to land surveyed and marked out under that section shall be construed as including references to land described in a notice to treat for the acquisition thereof.

(2) Where the notice to treat is given before the expiration of two years from the end of the war period or the acquisition is by virtue of Part II of this Act, section twenty-three of the Defence Act, 1842 (which requires the consent of the Lord Lieutenant and a warrant from the Treasury before the exercise of compulsory powers under that Act), and so much of the proviso to section seven of the Lanas Clauses 23 & 24 Vict. Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, as requires com-c-Io6* pliance with the said section twenty-three, shall not have effect.

36. —(1) Where, under the Defence Acts, a Minister has Notice to power to acquire an easement over or right restrictive of the treat to user of any land, he may, with a view to the creation by^ntsor grant to him, or covenant with him, of the easement or right, o^er rights, serve a notice to treat for the acquisition of the easement or

right on the persons who would, under the said Acts or otherwise, be entitled to sell the land to be adversely affected by the easement or right, or otherwise have any interest in the land.

(2) Any power of any persons under the Defence Acts to sell or convey land shall be deemed to include power to create by grant to, or covenant with, a Minister any easement or right which that Minister has power to acquire under those Acts.

(3) A notice to treat for the acquisition under the Defence Acts of an easement relating to water may be addressed generally to all persons interested in any land which will be adversely affected by the easement, and, if so addressed, shall, without prejudice to any other mode for the service thereof, be deemed to be duly served on all the persons to whom it is addressed if it is published in the London Gazette and in such other manner (whether in newspapers or otherwise) as is, in the opinion of the Minister, best adapted for informing persons affected.

37. —(1) If, in the opinion of the Minister, he will be unable, Method of or unable without undue delay, to acquire any such easement compulsory or right as aforesaid by agreement, he may, at any time after

two months from the service of the notice to treat, execute °nd rights! a deed poll conferring on himself and, except so far as otherwise expressed, his successors in title, the easement or right in question.

701

Part VII.

—cont.

702

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part vii. (2) A deed poll so executed shall have the like effect as, —cont. and shall for the purposes of the Land Registration Act, 1925, 15 & 16 Geo. 5. and the Land Charges Act, 1925, be deemed to be, a deed of c* 22, grant or covenant entered into with the Minister by all

necessary parties.

(3) Where any of the land adversely affected by an easement or right conferred as aforesaid is registered land, then, notwithstanding anything in section sixty-four of the Land Registration Act, 1925, the grant of the easement may be registered and notice thereof entered in the register, or, as the case may be, notice of the right may be so entered, without the production of any land certificate outstanding in respect of that land, without prejudice, however, to the power of the registrar to compel the production of the certificate for the purposes mentioned in that section.

(4) A statement in a deed poll executed under this section that the requirements of subsection (3) of the last preceding section have been complied with shall, except for the purposes of proceedings commenced not later than two years after the execution thereof, be conclusive evidence that those requirements have been complied with.

(5) Where the Minister executes a deed poll under this section, he shall give notice of the effect thereof in such manner as is in his opinion best adapted for informing persons affected.

Miscellaneous provisions as to easements and rights acquired under Defence Acts.

38.—(1) Where—

(a) a right restrictive of the user of any land has been acquired by a Minister under the Defence Acts, whether by the execution of a deed poll or otherwise; and

(b) between the date of the notice to treat and the acquisition of that right, any works have been constructed on, over or below the surface of the land adversely affected by the right; and

(c) the construction of the works would have been an infringement of the right if it had taken place after the acquisition thereof,

the Minister shall be entitled to remove the works and to recover the costs reasonably incurred by him in so doing from the person by whom the works were constructed.

(2) A Minister may, with or without consideration, release either wholly or partly an easement or restrictive right acquired under the Defence Acts.

15 A16 G«o. 5. (3) Section eighty-four of the Law of Property Act, 1925

e. 20. (which relates to the discharge or modification of restrictive

1945-

Requisitioned Land

and War Works , 1945.

Ch. 43.

7<>3

covenants) shall not apply to any covenant obtained under the Defence Acts so long as the covenant is enforceable by a Minister against the persons for the time being entitled to die land adversely affected thereby; but nothing in this subsection shall affect the operation of subsection (11) of the said section eighty-four (which excepts from the operation of that section, inter alia, restrictions created lor naval, military or air force purposes).

39. Where an easement over or right restrictive of the user of any land is acquired under the Defence Acts, any person having an interest m that land shall, if the value of his interest is diminished by the acquisition of the easement or right, be entitled to receive from the Minister acquiring the easement or right compensation in respect of the diminution.

Part VIII.

Adjustment of Compensation on Acquisition of Land.

40. The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect where, in pursuance of a notice to treat given between the passing of this Act and the expiration of two years from the end of the war period, or by virtue of section nine of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941, or of Part II of this Act, either—

(a) land is compulsorily acquired by a Minister; or

(b) land is compulsorily acquired under the provisions of Part V of this Act by a local authority or combination of local authorities; or

(c) land, which, at the date of the notice to treat, is, by virtue of an exercise of emergency powers, in the possession of a Minister or a person acting under the authority of a Minister, is compulsorily acquired otherwise than by virtue of the said Part V by a local authority or combination of local authorities; or

(d) land, which, at the date of the notice to treat, is, by virtue of an exercise of emergency powers, in the

Eossession of or in use for the purposes of a drainage oard, is compulsorily acquired by that board,

and, subject to the adaptations specified in this Part of this Act, shall also have effect where compensation is payable on the discharge or modification of a restriction under Part II of this Act or on the acquisition under the Defence Acts of an easement over or right restrictive of the user of land.

Part VII.

—cord.

Compensation for acquisition of easements and rights.

Application of Part VIII

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 50.

704

Part VIII. —coni. Elimination of value due to government war work, &c.

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

41.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in assessing the compensation such adjustment shall be made therein (so far as it depends on the value or changes in the value of any land) as is necessary to offset any increase or diminution of the compensation attributable directly or indirectly to, or to a combination of, any of the following factors, that is to say—

(a) any damage occurring to the land acquired or any contiguous or adjacent land while the land acquired was, during the war period, in the possession of a Minister or of a person occupying or using it under the authority of a Minister;

(b) any work done at any time since the beginning of the war period on the land acquired or any contiguous or adjacent land by or by arrangement with a Minister or the acquiring authority or combination of authorities or in the exercise of emergency powers;

(c) any prohibition or restriction imposed in the exercise of emergency powers on the doing of any work on the land acquired or on any contiguous or adjacent land:

Provided that, in assessing any compensation for injurious affection of land other than the land acquired, account may, notwithstanding anything in this subsection, be taken of the actual state and circumstances of the land acquired as existing at the date of the notice to treat in so far as they may be expected to persist after the purchase.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, where any such work as is mentioned in paragraph (6) of subsection (1) thereof was done wholly or partly at the expense of, or in pursuance of an agreement with, any person having an in-, terest in the land acquired, any increase of value attributable to the expenditure incurred by, or consideration moving from, that person shall, notwithstanding anything in the said subsection (1), be taken into account in assessing the compensation payable in respect of that interest.

(3) Where, in connection with any previous proposal to acquire any of the land acquired, a payment in respect of the value of any works has been made to a Minister under Part II of this Act in pursuance of a report of the Commission, any increase of value attributable to the construction of the works shall, notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section, be taken into account in assessing any compensation payable in respect of the land.

(4) Paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to work done, under such circumstances that a payment of cost of works falls to be made in respect thereof, for

1945* Requisitioned Land Ch. 43.

and War Works Act, 1945.

making good war damage, unless that war damage is such damage as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection:

Provided that where the work done included alterations or additions and the cost thereof was greater than the permissible amount in relation to a payment of cost of works, such deduction, if any, as may be just shall be made from the compensation in respect of the additional value, if any, of the land ascribable to the excess.

(5) Where the land acquired or any contiguous or adjacent land consists of or includes the whole or any part of a hereditament which has suffered war damage, and a payment falls to be made under the War Damage Act, 1943, in respect of that damage—

(a) paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to so much of that damage as has not been made good at the date of the notice to treat; and

(b) where section seventeen of the War Damage Act, 1943 (which provides that value payments in the case of requisitioned land are to be computed by reference to the state of the land before the requisition) applies, subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to any change (whether for the better or the worse) occurring in the hereditament in question which, under the said section seventeen, affects the amount of the value payment.

(6) In the last two preceding subsections, expressions have the same meanings as they have for the purposes of Part I of the War Damage Act, 1943.

(7) The preceding provisions of this section shall not apply in relation to any such supplement to compensation as is provided for in Part II of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, but, in considering whether, in the case of any interest m land, any such supplement can be made and, if so, what can and should be the amount thereof, any changes in the land attributable directly or indirectly to, or to a combination of, any of the factors mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall, to such extent as is reasonable in the case of that interest, be left out of account.

(8) The preceding provisions of this Section shall apply to compensation for the acquisition of an easement or restrictive right or for the discharge or modification of a restriction subject to the following adaptations, that is to say—

(a) for the references to the land acquired there shall be substituted references to the land the value of which is diminished by the acquisition, discharge or modification; and

2 Y

705

Part VIII.

—con

7 & 8 Geo. 0 c. 47.

706

Part VIII. —cont.

Adjustment where compensation paid or payable under

Compensation

(Defence)

Act, 1939, or otherwise.

Forfeitures.

Repeal of certain provisions of Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Acts, 1941 and 1943*

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 16.

Increase in rental compensation under s. 2 of Compensation (Defence) Act, *939-

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works , 1945.

(b) the proviso to subsection (1) shall not apply; and

(c) the last preceding subsection shall not apply, and for the purposes of Part II of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, the compensation shall be treated as if it were compensation for damage sustained, within the period of five years from the commencement of that Act, by reason of land being injuriously affected by the execution of works.

42. —(1) Such adjustment shall be made in any compensation to which this Part of this Act applies as may be just having regard to any payment of, or nght to, compensation by reason of the exercise of emergency powers.

(2) Any such adjustment may, if the arbitrator thinks fit, take the form of a direction that the compensation to which this Part of this Act applies which is payable to any person shall be wholly or partly conditional on his relinquishing, to such extent as is specified in the direction, any right to compensation by reason of the exercise of emergency powers.

43. Where by reason of the exercise of emergency powers any interest in land has become or might become forfeited or liable to forfeiture, any compensation to which this Part of this Act applies shall be determined as if no such forfeiture or liability to forfeiture had arisen or might arise.

44. Subsections (3) and (4) of section nine of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941, paragraph 3 of the Fourth Schedule to that Act, and paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Second Schedule to the Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1943 (being provisions applicable to compulsory purchases of land under those Acts which are rendered superfluous by the provisions of Part II of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, and this Part of this Act), are hereby repealed.

Part IX.

Amendments of Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939.

45. —(1) Where, before the passing of this Act, possession has been taken of any land in the exercise of emergency powers and the compensation payable in respect thereof under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, has (whether by agreement or otherwise) been determined by reference to a level of rental values which is both—

(a) less than that obtaining in respect of comparable land on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine; and

I945*

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

Ch. 43.

707

(b) less than the level of rental values obtaining in res- Part ix. pect of comparable land on the appointed day, —cont.

any compensation payable under the said paragraph in respect of the taking of possession of the land which accrues on or after the appointed day shall be determined by reference to the level of rental values obtaining in respect of comparable land on the said thirty-first day of March or that obtaining in respect thereof on the appointed day, whichever is the lower, and the compensation shall be determined accordingly:

Provided that this section shall not apply in relation to any land unless, not later than six months after the appointed day or after the end of the period for which possession of the land is retained in the exercise of emergency powers,

. whichever is the later, a person who, as at some date not earlier than the appointed day, would be entitled to occupy the land but for the fact that possession thereof is or was so retained, gives notice in such form and manner and to such authority as may be prescribed by rules made by the Treasury under the said Act that he desires that this section should apply in relation to the land.

(2) In this section the expression " the appointed day" means such day (not later man the end of the war period) as the Treasury may appoint.

46. Where any land is in the possession of a Minister or of Effect on a person occupying or using it under the authority of a Minis- compensation ter and the Minister by a notice served in accordance with the J^atl011 provisions of Part VI of this Act reserves his rights there- under Part vi. under to remove works constructed or things placed on, over or below the surface of the land or to do other work for the purpose of restoring the land—

(a) on the land ceasing to be in the possession of a Minister or person occupying or using it under the authority of a Minister, compensation shall not be payable under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, in respect of the damage, if any, done to the said land; but

(b) the provisions of section three of the said Act shall apply as if the damage had been damage to the land by work done thereon in the exercise of emergency powers while it was not in the possession of a Minister or person occupying or using it under the authority of a Minister.

2 Y2

708

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6,

Part ix. 47. Where the damage in respect of which a sum falls, or —cont. would but for this section fall, to be paid under paragraph ( ) Compensation of subsection (1) of section two of the Compensation Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, consists wholly or in part of the removal (Defence) Act, 0* ^Lxe<^ machinery or plant, such reduction, if any, in that 1939. for ' compensation shall be made as may appear to the General removal of Claims Tribunal to be just having regard to the way in which fixecj. the machinery or plant has in fact been dealt with, the likeli-

piant.Dery °r h°°d of the machinery or plant being in fact replaced on the land and the reasonableness of replacing it thereon, and any other circumstances which may appear to the Tribunal to be relevant:

Provided that nothing in this section shall authorise the making of any reduction if the making thereof would be inconsistent with any provision of any such agreement as is mentioned in section fifteen of the said Act.

Successive works to be dealt with as one.

48.—(1) For the* purposes of section three of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, the doing on any land of work to which that section applies, or would apply if the annual value of the land were diminished by reason of the doing of the work, shall be treated as a single operation with the doing of any other such work (whether before or after) except—

(a) work done before in respect of which any person has, by virtue of subsection (3) of that section or by virtue of any agreement, become entitled to receive from the Crown a lump sum by way of compensation; and

(b) work done before consisting of the construction of works in respect of which an amount has been paid to the Minister under Part II of this Act in pursuance of a report of the Commission;

and, on the doing of the later work, any award by the General Claims Tribunal of compensation under that section in respect of the earlier work may, except as respects compensation accruing before the doing of the later work, be varied accordingly on the application of the Crown or of any other person interested:

Provided that the power to vary awards conferred by this subsection shall not apply to any award made before the passing of this Act in respect of any land, unless (whether before or after the passing of this Act) further work to which the said section three applies has been done on that land since the doing thereon of the latest work to which any such award relates.

(2) Where during the war period any works have been constructed or other thing placed in, on or over any land by or by arrangement with a Minister otherwise than in the exercise

1945- Requisitioned Land Ch. 43.

and War Works Act, 1945.

of emergency powers, then, unless it has been expressly agreed that die Crown is to have no interest in the works or thing so constructed or placed, or the works or thing have or has been so constructed or placed in the exercise of powers conferred by any Act, the preceding subsection shall have effect as if the construction or placing were work done on the land in the exercise of emergency powers.

49. Subsection (6) of section three of the Compensation Lump sum (Defence) Act, 1939 (which directs that in assessing compen- compensation sation under that section it shall be assumed that the land "" (inipensa-cannot be restored to the condition in which it would be tion (Defence) but for the doing of the work) shall not apply, and shall Act. 1939* be deemed never to have applied, to compensation under subsection (4) thereof (which provides for the payment of a

lump sum where the land is not restored by the Crown).

50. The Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, shall have Definition of effect and be deemed always to have had effect as if for wo^k done on subsection (2) of section seventeen thereof (which defines the lan expression " the doing of work on land ") there were substituted the following subsection—

" (2) For the purposes of this Act, the doing of work on land means the doing of any work on, over or below the surface of the land, and, m particular, includes the making of any erection or excavation, the placing of any thing, and the maintenance, removal, demolition, pulling down, destruction or rendering useless of any thing, on, over or below that surface

Part X.

Miscellaneous and General.

51. —(1) Where, whether before or after the commence- Saving for

ment of this Act and— agreements.

(a) after the construction of any government war works on any land or with a view to the construction of any government war works on any land, a lease of that land has been granted to a Minister; or

(b) in connection with the construction of any government war works on any land, an agreement in writing has, whether during, before or after the time of the construction thereof, been made by or on behalf of any Minister providing for the grant to the Minister of the freehold of, or a leasehold interest in, that land,

no Minister shall, by reason only of the construction of the works, be entitled, as against, or as against any successor in title to, the lessor or person who is to be the grantor, as

709

Part IX.

—cont.

7io

Part X. cont.

Power of Ministers to defray cost of rehabilitation of land in certain circumstances

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

the case may be, to acquire that land or any interest in or rights over that land compulsorily under Fart II of this Act.

(2) Where, whether before or after the commencement of this Act and in connection with the construction of any government war works on any land, an agreement in writing has, whether during, before or after the time of the construction thereof, been made by or on behalf of any Minister with any person then Jiaving an interest in that land, which contains either—

(a) a specific provision that, on payment of a sum or fulfilment of any other condition by that person, the works should belong to that person permanently; or

(b) a provision specifically requiring the removal of the works or the restoration of the land,

no Minister, local authority or combination of local authorities shall, by reason only of the construction of the works, be entitled as against that person, or as against any successor in title of his to any interest in that land to which he was entitled when the agreement was made, to acquire the land or any interest in or rights over that land compulsorily under Part II or Part V of this Act, if the acquisition thereof would defeat that provision of that agreement.

(3) Where, whether before or after the commencement of this Act and in connection with the construction of any government war works on any land, an undertaking in writing that the works shall be removed or the land restored has, whether during, before or after the time of the construction thereof, been given by or on behalf of any Minister to any society or body concerned with the preservation of amenities enjoyed by the public or to any local authority, no Minister, local authority or combination of local authorities shall, by reason only of the construction of the works, be entitled to acquire the land or any interest in or rights over that land under Part II or Part V of this Act without the consent of that society or body or authority.

(4) In determining whether a Minister has power under Part II of this Act to acquire an easement over or right restrictive of the use of any land other than the land referred to in the preceding provisions of this section, the provisions of this section shall be left out of account.

52.—(1) Where land has been damaged by government war work done thereon or by government war use thereof and either—

(a) a person has, in connection with proposals for the acquisition of the land by virtue of Part II of this

1945- Requisitioned Land Ch. 43.

and War Works Act, 1945.

Act, given an undertaking in pursuance of a report of the Commission to deal with the land in a particular manner with a view to the total or partial rehabilitation thereof; or

(b) in the opinion of a Minister it is expedient in the public interest that the land should be dealt with, in a particular manner with a view to the total or partial rehabilitation thereof,

the Minister may undertake, either absolutely or subject to such conditions as he may specify, to make good to any person interested in the land the whole or any part of any expenses incurred by that person in dealing with the land in that manner, in so far, in a case to which section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, applies, as those expenses exceed any sum paid or payable under paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of that section in respect of the damage.

(2) For the purposes of section three of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, any work the expenses of which are made good under this section shall be deemed to have been done by a person acting on behalf of His Majesty.

53.—(1) Where a Minister proposes to acquire any land under the Defence Acts, he may acquire under those Acts by agreement any land with a view to the exchange thereof for all or any of the first-mentioned land:

Provided that, where the first-mentioned land consists of or includes the whole or any part of any common to which the public have rights of access or of any open space, the power conferred by this subsection shall be extended so as to authorise the purchase of land with a view to its being substituted for the first-mentioned land otherwise than by way of exchange.

(2) Where a Minister provides land in substitution for land acquired by him under the Defence Acts which is or forms part of a common, open space or fuel or field garden allotment, he may by order provide for vesting the first-mentioned land in the persons in whom the second-mentioned land was vested, subject to the same rights, trusts and incidents as attached to the second-mentioned land:

Provided that where the land is provided otherwise than by way of exchange, the persons in whom the land is to be vested shall be such as may be specified in the order and the rights, trusts and incidents to which the land is to be subject shall be such as may be so specified, being rights, trusts and incidents which in the opinion of the Minister are as nearly as may be the same, so far as regards the rights of the public, as those which attached to the land acquired.

711

Part X.

—cont.

Provision of land in lieu of land acquired under Defence Acts.

712

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part X.

—cont.

Consequences of undertakings to pay money under Part II.

Amendment of procedure where land is purchased by a drainage board.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 44.

Provisions as to Board

of Trade.

Expenses.

(3) Any reference in this Act to the power to acquire land by virtue of Part II thereof shall be deemed to include a reference to any power to acquire land by virtue of this section.

54. Where a payment in respect of the value of works has been made to a Minister under Part II of this Act in pursuance of a report of the Commission and possession of the land in question is nevertheless retained under emergency powers after the date of the payment, section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939 (which relates to compensation for the requisition of land), and section seventeen of the War Damage Act, 1943 (which provides that value payments in the case of requisitioned land are to be computed by reference to the state of the land before the requisition), shall, notwithstanding anything in the provisions of this Act, have effect as if a new period of requisition had begun on the date of the payment.

55. Where a drainage board proposes to purchase under the Land Drainage Act, 1930, land which is in their possession by virtue of an exercise of emergency powers or is, by virtue of an exercise of emergency powers, being used by them for the purposes of that Act, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, if he thinks fit, may—

(a) direct that paragraph 4 of the Fourth Schedule to that Act (which relates to the publication and service of notices of orders authorising the compulsory acquisition *of land) either shall not apply or shall apply subject to such modifications as may be specified in the direction;

(b) confirm the order authorising the acquisition of the land without causing a public inquiry to be held, notwithstanding that the case is not one where the objectors agree that the questions raised relate exclusively to matters which could be dealt with by the arbitrator to whom questions of disputed compensation are to be referred under the order.

56. Anything authorised by this Act to be done by the Board of Trade may be done by the President of the Board, any secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board or any person authorised in that behalf by the President.

57. —(1) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by the Parliament of the United Kingdom—

(a) any expenses incurred under or by virtue of this Act by any Minister (except so far as they are payable out of the Road Fund under any other Act);

1945* Requisitioned Land Ch. 43.

and War Works Act, 1945.

(6) any compensation payable under or by virtue of this Act by any Minister;

(c) any increase attributable to this Act in any compensation payable by the Crown under any other Act; and

[d) any such increase in the sums payable into the Road Fund out of moneys provided by Parliament as is attributable to the passing of this Act.

(2) Any sum paid under this Act to any Minister shall be paid into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom.

58. —(1) For the purposes of this Act, a certificate by any Evidence. Minister as to what government war work has been done on

any land, as to what government war use has been made of any land, as to what damage has occurred on any land owing to government war use thereof, as to the periods for which any land was in his possession or in that of any other Minister or in the possession of any person occupying or using it under his authority or that of any other Minister, and as to whether any specified works were constructed on, over or below the surface of any land wholly or partly at the expense of the Crown or by arrangement with any Minister, shall be evidence of the facts therein stated.

(2) Every document purporting to be a certificate authorised or required by this Act and to be signed by or on behalf of a Minister or other person shall be received in evidence and shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to be such a certificate of that Minister or person, and in any legal proceedings (including arbitrations) the production of a document purporting to be certified by or on behalf of the Minister or person having power to rive any such certificate as aforesaid to be a true copy of such a certificate shall, unless the contrary is proved, be sufficient evidence of the certificate.

59. —(1) In this Act, except in so far as the contrary is ex- interpre-pressly provided or the context otherwise requires, the follow- tation* &cing expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" common " includes any land subject to be enclosed under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, and any town or village green;

" the Defence Acts" means any of the provisions of the Defence Acts, 1842 to 1935, as amended, extended or applied by or under any enactment, including this Act, and includes the provisions of section seven of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, and of section seven of the Militia

7i3

Part X.

—cont.

714

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part X.

—cont.

36 & 37 Vict, c. 68.

10 Edw. 7 &

1 Geo. 5. c. 24.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 21.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 29.

(Lands and Buildings) Act, 1873, and, in the case of the Admiralty, the provisions of sections nine to nineteen of the Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864;

" Defence Regulation" means a Regulation made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, or the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940;

" drainage board" means a drainage board constituted, or to be treated as having been constituted, under the Land Drainage Act, 1930;

" dwelling-house" means any such permanent building or part of a permanent building as is used as a dwelling, not being the whole or any part of a hotel or boarding-house or the whole or any part of any premises in respect of which a justices' licence for the sale of any intoxicating liquor has been granted in accordance with the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, and is in force or is, by virtue of section ten of the Finance Act, 1942, in suspense by reason of war circumstances;

" emergency powers" means emergency powers for the purposes of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939. exercised during the war period or, in the case of powers conferred by this Act, during any period during which those powers are exercisable;

*' fuel or field garden allotment" means any allotment set out as a fuel allotment, or a field garden allotment, under an Inclosure Act;

" government war use " means, in relation to land, any use to which that land is put during the war period by or by arrangement with a Minister, or under emergency powers;

" government war work" means work done during the war period for war purposes by or by arrangement with a Minister or under emergency powers;

0 government war works" means works constructed in the course of government war work;

" local authority" means the council of a county, county borough, metropolitan borough or county district, or the Common Council of the City of London;

" local planning authority" means in relation to any land with respect to which a planning scheme is in force, the responsible authority under the scheme, and, in relation to other land, the interim development authority within the meaning of the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) Act, 1943;

1945-

Requisitioned Land

and War Works , 1945.

Ch. 43.

715

" Minister" means a Minister of the Crown and includes the Admiralty, the Commissioners of Works, the Board of Trade and the Board of Education, but does not include a Minister of Northern Ireland;

" open space" means any land laid out as a public garden or used for the purposes of public recreation, or land being a disused burial ground;

" telegraphic line " has the same meaning as in the Telegraph Act, 1878;

" war period" means the period during which the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, is in force;

" war purposes" means any purposes connected with any war in which His Majesty is engaged during the war period, whether or not at the relevant time that war had begun;

" works " includes buildings, structures and improvements (and, in particular, underground works and telegraphic lines), and references to the construction of works shall be construed accordingly.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, the doing of work on land means the doing of any work on, over or below the surface of the land, and, in particular, includes the making of any erection or excavation, the placing of any thing, and the maintenance, removal, demolition, pulling down, destruction or rendering useless of any thing on, over or below that surface.

(3) Any reference in this Act to an easement includes a reference to a right to support for any land or for any buildings or works and a right to withdraw support from any land or from any buildings or works, and any such right obtained under the Defence Acts shall be deemed for all purposes to be an easement.

(4) Where a Minister has acquired or has power to acquire any land under the Defence Acts or would have power so to acquire any land if he did not already own it, and that land contains part of a continuous main or pipe or the whole or part of works used in connection therewith, any rights necessary for or incidental to the maintenance or use of any part of the main or pipe which is in, over or under land not owned or acquired by the Minister may, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Act relating to the acquisition of easements, be acquired by him as, and, if so acquired by him, shall be deemed for all purposes to be, easements for the benefit of such of the first-mentioned land as he owns or acquires:

Provided that in relation to the acquisition of any such rights, the reference in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section seven of this Act to easements which are in the opinion

Part X.

—cont.

716

Part X. —cont.

Application to Scotland.

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

of the Minister essential to the full enjoyment of the land therein mentioned shall be construed as a reference to easements which in the opinion of the Minister are essential to the full enjoyment of the main or pipe.

(5) A covenant to limit the growth of trees or other vegetation on any land shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to confer a right restrictive of the user of that land, and any reference in this Act to a right restrictive of the user of land shall be construed accordingly, and any such covenant as aforesaid obtained under the Defence Acts shall be deemed for all purposes to be a restrictive covenant.

(6) Any reference in this Act to a value payment falling to be made under the War Damage Act, 1943, in respect of any damage does not include a reference to a case where such a payment would fall to be made but for the fact that the value of the hereditament in the state in which it was immediately after the occurrence of the damage is no less than its value in the state in which it was immediately before the occurrence of the damage, or, in a case where section seventeen of the War Damage Act, 1943, applies, in the state in which it was immediately before the beginning of the period of requisition.

(7) Words in this Act importing a reference to service of a notice to treat shall be construed as including a reference to the constructive service of such a notice which by virtue of the Sixth Schedule to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, or any other enactment, is deemed to be so served.

(8) The powers conferred by this Act shall be in addition to, and not in derogation of, any powers exercisable by virtue of any other Act or at common law.

60.—(1) This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to the modifications set out in this section.

(2) For any reference to the Minister of Health, to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, to the Minister of Town and Country Planning, or to the Minister of Education there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State; and for any reference to the High Court there shall be substituted a reference to the Court of Session.

(3) For any reference to the War Agricultural Executive Committee as defined by section thirty of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940, there shall be substituted a reference to the Agricultural Executive Committee referred to in section thirty-one of that Act; for any reference to the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) Act, 1943, there shall be substituted a reference to

1945-

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

Ch. 43.

717

the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) (Scotland) Act, 1943; for any reference to the London Gazette there shall be substituted a reference to the Edinburgh 6 Gazette; for any reference to a local education authority there c shall be substituted a reference to an education authority; for any reference to a parish council there shall be substituted a reference to a district council; for any reference to a justices1 licence for the sale of intoxicating liquor there shall be substituted a reference to a certificate as defined in Part VII of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903, for the sale of excisable 3 liquor; and for any reference to the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, there shall be substituted a reference to the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1903 to 1934.

(4) For references to the freehold of or to a leasehold interest in land there shall be respectively substituted references to the dominium utile or, in the case of land other than feudal land, the ownership of land, and to a lease of land; references to land subject to be enclosed under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 t° 1882, and to fuel or field garden allotments shall be omitted; any reference to an interest reversionary on a lease or tenancy shall be construed as a reference to the interest of the landlord in land subject to a lease; any reference to land includes a reference to salmon fishings; " arbitrator 11 means " arbiter 11; and " easement11 includes servitude and any right to lay down, continue or maintain any pipe, sewer, drain, wire or cable on, under or over any land.

(5) In section two, subsection (4) shall have effect as if subsections (2) to (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933, applied to Scotland, subject, however, to the following modifications: —

(a) for any reference to a summons there shall be substituted a reference to an order;

(b) the word "summarily 11 in subsection (4) shall be omitted; and

(c) for the words in subsection (5) from " made a rule 11 to the end of the subsection, there shall be substituted the words "enforced as if it were a recorded decree arbitral 11.

(6) An order under section seven discharging or modifying a restriction as to the user of land or as to building thereon shall be recorded in the appropriate register of sasines. 7

(7) In section eight, paragraph (a) of subsection (1) shall have effect as if—

(i) the words "where the land is registered land within the meaning of the Land Registration Act, 1925," were omitted; and

Part X.

—cont.

& 7 Geo. 6. • 43-

Edw. 7.C. 25.

718

Part X.

—cant.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 49.

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

(ii) for the word "register " there were substituted the words "valuation roll. ’ ’

(8) In section ten, subsection (1) shall have effect as if the reference to the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934, were omitted.

(9) In section fifteen, subsection (2) shall have effect as if for paragraph (6) there were substituted the following paragraph—

" (b) for directing that any highway to be provided or improved, or any highway provided or improved before the making of the order, as a substitute for any highway stopped up under the order, shall be maintained and managed by a county or town council and for specifying which council, shall be responsible for such maintenance and management

(10) For section twenty-seven the following section shall be substituted: —

" (1) The following provisions of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932, that is to say. Part III of the First Schedule, Part I of the Third Schedule (except paragraph 2 and sub-paragraph (iii) of paragraph 3) and paragraph 4 (except head (b) of sub-paragraph (1)) of Part II of that Schedule shall apply in relation to a purchase of land authorised under tins Part of this Act subject to the following modifications: —

(a) for references to the Department of Health for Scotland and to the responsible authority there shall be substituted respectively references to the appropriate Minister and to a local authority or combination of local authorities, and anything which has to be prescribed shall be prescribed by the appropriate Minister; (б) * (ii)

(b) where work has been done on the land by the

acquiring authority or combination of authori-

ties, the appropriate Minister may, if he

thinks fit—

(i) direct that paragraph a of Part I of the said Third Schedule (which relates to the publication and service of notices) either shall not apply or shall apply subject to such modifications as may be specified in the direction;

(ii) confirm the order without causing a local inquiry to be held notwithstanding that objections (being objections not relating to matters which can be dealt with by the tribunal

*945-

Requisitioned Land

and War Works , 1945.

Ch. 43.

719

by whom the compensation is to be assessed) Part x. have been duly made and have not been —cont. withdrawn; and

(c) where any local inquiry requires to be held, the provisions of subsection (4) of section two of this Act as that subsection applies to Scotland shall apply to the inquiry in lieu of the provisions of the said Act of 1932, with the substitution of a reference to die appropriate Minister for the reference to the Commission.

(2) Nothing in the last preceding subsection shall authorise the compulsory acquisition of any land which is the site of an ancient monument or other object of archaeological interest, or which belongs to any local authority or to any public undertakers within the meaning of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1935; and where any 25 & 26 Geo.5. land proposed to be acquired by means of a compulsory c- 41-purchase order made in pursuance of that section is situate within such distance as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State from any of the royal palaces or parks, the acquiring authority or combination of authorities shall, before submitting the order to the appropriate Minister for confirmation, send a copy of it to the Minister of Works

(n) For section thirty-seven the following section shall be substituted: —

" (1) If, in the opinion of the Minister, he will be unable, or unable without undue delay, to acquire any servitude or right by agreement, he may, at any time after fourteen days from the service of the notice to treat, execute and record in the appropriate register of sasines a deed conferring on himself, and, except so far as otherwise expressed, his successors in title, the servitude or right in question.

(2) A deed so executed and recorded shall be enforceable against any persons having any interest in the land affected by the servitude or right, and against any persons deriving title from them.

(3) A statement in a deed executed under this section that the requirements of subsection (3) of the last preceding section have been complied with shall be conclusive evidence that those requirements have been complied with.

(4) Where the Minister executes a deed under this section, he shall give notice of the effect thereof in such manner as is, in his opinion, best adapted for informing persons affected

720

Part X. —cont

19 & 20 Geo. 5 c. 25.

Application to

Northern

Ireland.

41 & 42 Vict, c. 52.

54 & 55 Vict, c. 66.

Ch. 43. Requisitioned Land 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

and War Works Act, 1945.

(12) In subsection (1) of section fifty-nine, for the definition of local authority there shall be substituted the following definition—

" local authority ’ means a county or town council

and in subsection (5) of that section the words from ".and any such covenant " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.

(13) A local authority shall have power to borrow for the purpose of acquiring land under Part V of this Act, and the provisions of section twenty-three of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, shall apply to the power hereby conferred.

Any sums so borrowed shall be repaid within such period as the Secretary of State may fix.

61.—(1) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland subject to the modifications set out in this section.

(2) Parts III and V shall not apply.

(3) In section two, for subsection (4) the following subsection shall be substituted: —

(4) The provisions of sections two hundred and nine, two hundred and ten, two hundred and twelve and two hundred and thirteen of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall apply to any such local inquiry as they apply to a local inquiry held under the said section two hundred and nine, but as if for references to the Ministry of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland there were substituted references to the Commission.

The costs in relation to such inquiry, including the salary of any officer engaged in such inquiry, not exceeding five guineas a day, shall be paid by the parties concerned in such inquiry, or by such of them and in such proportions as the Commission may direct, and the Commission may certify the amount of the costs incurred, and any sum so certified and directed by the Commission to be paid by any such party shall be a debt to the Crown from such party ".

(4) For any reference to registered land within the meaning of the Land Registration Act, 1925, there shall be substituted a reference to registered land to which the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891, applies, and for any reference to the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, there shall be substituted a reference to that Act as amended by any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

*945-

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

Ch. 43.

721

(5) In subsection (1) of section ten, for the reference to the Reference Committee there shall be substituted a reference to the Reference Committee for Northern Ireland, and for the reference to the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934, there shall be substituted a reference to the Arbitration Act (Northern Ireland), 1937.

(6) In subsection (3) of section thirty-six, for the reference to the London Gazette there shall be substituted a reference to the Belfast Gazette.

(7) For section thirty-seven the following section shall be substituted—

" (1) If, in the opinion of the Minister, he will be unable, or unable without undue delay, to acquire any such easement or right as aforesaid by agreement, he may, at any time after two months from the service of the notice to treat, execute a deed poll conferring on himself, and, except so far as otherwise expressed, his successors in title, die easement or right in question.

(2) A deed poll so executed shall have the like effect as a deed of grant or covenant entered into with the Minister by all necessary parties.

(3) Where any of the land adversely affected by the easement or right is registered land to which the Local Registration of Tide (Ireland) Act, 1891, applies, the easement or right may, notwithstanding anything in the said Act or rules made thereunder, be registered as a burden affecting die land and created after the first registration thereof, and may be so registered without the concurrence of the registered owner of the land or the

E reduction of the land certificate, without prejudice, owever, to the power of the registering authority to order the production of the land certificate under subsection (2) of section eighty-one of the said Act.

(4) A statement in a deed poll executed under this section that the requirements of subsection (3) of the last preceding section have been complied with shall, except for the purposes of proceedings commenced not later than two years after the execution thereof, be conclusive evidence that those requirements have been complied with. 5

(5) Where the Minister executes a deed poll under this section, he shall give notice of the effect thereof in such manner as is, in nis opinion, best adapted for informing persons affected ".

2 Z

Part X.

—cont.

722

Ch. 43.

Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Part X. —cont.

10 Edw. 7 &

1 Geo. 5. c. 8.

Short title.

Section 32.

(8) For any reference to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or to the Minister of Town and Country Planning there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

(9) For any reference to a justices’ licence for the sale of intoxicating liquor granted in accordance with the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, there shall be substituted a reference to a licence for the sale of intoxicating liquor taken out under Part II of the Finance (1909-1910) Act, 1910, and for any reference to section ten of the Finance Act, 1942, there shall be substituted a reference to section three of the Finance Act (Northern Ireland), 1936, as extended by section two of the Finance Act (Northern Ireland), 1942.

(10) References to land subject to be enclosed under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, to fuel or field garden allotments and to drainage boards shall be omitted.

(11) For any reference to the Town and Country Planning (Interim Development) Act, 1943, there shall be substituted a reference to the Planning (Interim Development) Act (Northern Ireland), 1944.

62. This Act may be cited as the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments applied to certain Ministers.

The Defence Act, 1842, except sections five, six, eight, twenty-three, thirty-seven, thirty-nine and forty-one.

The Defence Act, 1854.

The Defence Act, 1859.

Section seven of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much of the proviso to that section as requires compliance with section twenty-three of the Defence Act, 1842.

Section forty-six of the Defence Act, 1860, and the provisions thereby applied.

Section seven of the Militia (Lands and Buildings) Act, 1873.

The Defence Acts Amendment Act, 1873.

1945- Treason Act, 1945. Ch. 44. 723

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to assimilate the procedure in all cases of treason and misprision of treason to the procedure in cases of murder.

[15th June 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treason Act, 1800 (which assimilates the procedure in Extension of certain cases of treason and misprision of treason to the procedure 39 40 in cases of murder) shall apply in all cases of treason and mis- co' 3* c‘ 93 ‘ prision of treason whether alleged to have been committed before or after the passing of this Act.

2.—(1) The enactments set out in the Schedule to this Act Repeals, are hereby repealed in so far as they extend to matters of procedure in cases of treason or misprision of treason, that is to say, to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in the Treason Act, 1800, shall be deemed to have repealed any of the provisions of the Treason Act, 1695, or of the Treason 7 & 8 Will. 3. Act, 1708, except the provisions of those Acts specified in the c- 3-third column of the Schedule to this Act. 7 Annfi c* 21'

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Treason Act, 1945. Short title

(2) The Treason Act, 1800, as applied by this Act, shall c^o^to

extend to Northern Ireland. Northern

(3) For the purposes of section six of the Government of Ire1and*

Ireland Act, 1920, this Act shall be deemed to be an Act passed 10 11 Geo. 5* before the appointed dav c‘ 7*

SCHEDULE.

Section 2.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

28 Hen. 8. c. 7 (I.) An Act of slander So much of the Act as extends to Northern Ireland s. 3 of the statute 26 Hen. 8. c. 13.

5 & 6 Edw. 6. c. II. An Act for the punishment of diverse treasons. Section four.

7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 3- Treason Act, 1695 The whole Act, except sections five and six.

2 Z 2

724

Ch. 44.

Treason Act, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6,

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

2 Anne c. 5 (I.) An Act to make it high treason in this kingdom to impeach the succession to the Crown, as limited by several Acts of Parliament. Section two.

7 Anne c. ti Treason Act, 1708 Sections two, four, nine and fourteen.

19 Geo. 2. c. 9 Jurors (Scotland) Act, 1745. The whole Act.

5 Geo. 3. c. 21 (I.). An Act for the better regulating of trials in cases of high treason under the statute of 25 Edw. 3. The whole Act.

6 Geo. 3. c. 53 Treason Act, 1766 The whole Act.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 93- Treason Act, 1800 In the title, the words " in certain cases"; the preamble; and the words "in compassing or imagining the death of the King "; the words from " where the overt act " to " bodily harm ’ ’; and the words from " and none of the provisions " to the end of the Act.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 24. Treason (Ireland) Act, 1821. Section two.

6 Geo. 4. c. 22 Juries (Scotland) Act, 1825. Section twenty-one.

6 Geo. 4. c. 50 Juries Act, 1825 Section twenty-one.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 51 Treason Act, 1842 Section one.

17 & 18 Vict, c. 26. Treason (Ireland) Act, 1854. The whole Act.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. Administration of In the First Schedule, the entry

c. 36. Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1933- relating to the Statute 35 Hen. 8. c. 2.

1945- Local Elections (Service Ch. i. 725

Abroad) Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to amend the law relating to local elections in its application to persons who are or have been engaged in service outside the United Kingdom.

[24th August 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where under the law relating to any local election the Consent to consent of a candidate is required to be given to his nomination, "OI"1"atK>n a candidate who, being a member of the forces or a seaman, is y e e§ra* outside the United Kingdom, or who is engaged in war work abroad, may comply with that requirement by sending a telegram consenting to his nomination.

(2) Where a candidate gives his consent to nomination by telegram under the preceding subsection, his consent need not be attested, but the telegram must be sent on or within one month before the last day for the delivery of nomination papers and must be delivered at the place and within the time appointed for the delivery of nomination papers.

(3) The provisions of this section shall have effect in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other provision whereby consent to nomination at a local election may be given by telegram.

2.—(1) Where any person is elected to any of the following Extension of

offices, that is to say— tirae for

acceptance

(a) chairman of a county council, county alderman or county of office, councillor;

(b) mayor, alderman or councillor of a borough;

(c) chairman of a district council or district councillor;

at a time when he is a member of the forces or a seaman, and, in either case, is outside the United Kingdom, or at a time when he is engaged in war work abroad, then, in determining for the purposes of section sixty-one of the Local Government Act, 1933, 23 & 24 whether a declaration of acceptance of the office has been made Geo. 5. c. 51. and delivered within the period of two months prescribed by that section, the section shall have effect as if for the reference in subsection (1) thereof to the day of the election there were substituted a reference to the first day after the election on which

726

•Ch. i.

Local Elections (Service

Abroad) Act, 1945.

9 Geo. 6.

he is present in the United Kingdom or to the first anniversary of the day of the election, whichever is the earlier, and the reference in subsection (2) thereof to " the appointed time " shall be construed accordingly.

(2) This section shall have effect in relation to a local election if, and only if, the day of the election occurs during the period beginning two months before the date of the passing of this Act and ending with the expiry of this Act.

a & 3 Geo. 6.

c. 40.

(3) In the application of this section to London—

(a) the expression " borough " shall include a metropolitan borough; and

(b) for the reference to section sixty-one of the Local Govern-

ment Act, 1933, there shall be substituted a reference to section thirty-six of the London Government Act,

1939.

Extension of 3.—(1) Where it appears to the returning officer at any local

time for election the day of which occurs after the passing of this Act—

that, under subsection (1), subsection (2) or subsection (3) of section twenty-one of the Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884 (which relate to claims in respect of expenses incurred at local elections, to the payment of such expenses, and to the making of returns and declarations as to such expenses), the period limited for the sending or making of any claim, payment, return or declaration has expired; and

that the said period ought, in relation to any candidate, to be extended on the ground that the candidate is or has been serving outside the United Kingdom as a member of the forces or as a seaman, or on the ground that the candidate is or has been engaged in war work abroad;

the returning, officer shall direct that, in relation to that candidate and for the purposes of that election, the said section twenty-one shall have effect as if for the period so limited there were substituted such extended period as the returning officer thinks reasonable in the circumstances.

(2) The provisions of this section shall have effect in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other provision whereby relief may be granted in respect of a failure to comply with the provisions of the said section twenty-one. 3

(3) The references in the preceding provisions of this section to the said section twenty-one shall be deemed to include references to that section as extended by any other enactment.

Claiming ana paying election expenses and for making returns and declarations as to election expenses.

47 & 48 Vict, c. 70.

M

if)

1945* Local Elections (Service Ch. i. 727

Abroad) Act, 1945.

4. —(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise interpretation, requires—

" local election" means an election of a county councillor, borough councillor, metropolitan borough councillor, urban district councillor, rural district councillor or parish councillor;

" member of the forces" means any member of the armed forces of the Crown, of the Women's Royal Naval Service, of the Queen Alexandra’s Royal Naval Nursing Service, or of any other organization established under the control of the Admiralty, the Army Council or the Air Council;

" seaman" means a person employed or engaged, or ordinarily employed or engaged, on sea-going ships (other than vessels for the time being employed in sea-fishing or in the sea-fishing service) whether British or not, as the master or as a member of the crew thereof.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person shall be deemed to be engaged in war work abroad if either—

(a) he is for the time being registered in the National Register as a person engaged in war work abroad; or

(b) not being so registered, he is for the time being certified

in accordance with subsection (2) of section three of the Representation of the People Act, 1945, to have been 8 & 9 Geo. 6. a member of the forces (as defined for the purposes c. 5. of the Parliamentary Electors (War-Time Registration) 6 & 7 Geo. 6. Act, 1943) but to have ceased to be such a memberc* 48-at a time when he was outside the United Kingdom, and to be engaged on work of national importance outside the United Kingdom in connection with any war in which His Majesty may be engaged.

5. In the application of this Act to Scotland— Application to

(a) For section one the following section shall be substituted:—

" 1. Any enactment relating to election to the office of councillor whereby a nomination paper is required to be signed by or on behalf of the candidate nominated shall, in the case of a candidate who, being a member of the forces or a seaman, is outside the United Kingdom, or who is engaged in war work abroad, be deemed to be complied with, if a telegram consenting to his nomination is sent by him and is received by or delivered to the person, at the place and within the time to or with whom and at and within which the nomination paper is required to be .delivered or lodged."

728

Ch. i.

Local Elections (Service

Abroad) Act, 1945.

9 Geo. 6.

53 & 54 Vict, c. 55.

snort title, expiry and extent.

lb) For subsection (1) of section two the following subsection shall be substituted :—

" (1) Where any person is elected to the office of councillor at a time when he is a member of the forces or a seaman, and, in either case, is outside the United Kingdom, or at a time when he is engaged in war work abroad, any enactment requiring a declaration or intimation of acceptance of office to be made by him by a specified time, shall have effect as if it required such declaration or intimation to be made within one month from the first day after the election on which he is present in the United Kingdom or within one year after the election, whichever of those periods is the shorter."

(c) Section three shall have effect as if for the reference to

section twenty-one of the Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884, there were substituted a reference to section twenty-five of the Elections (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890.

(d) The expression " local election" means an election of a

councillor, and the expression " councillor" means a county, town, or district councillor.

6.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Local Elections (Service Abroad) Act, 1945.

(2) This Act shall remain in force until the end of December, nineteen hundred and forty-seven, and shall then expire :

Provided that—

(a) in relation to any election the day of which occurs not later than the end of December, nineteen hundred and forty-seven, this Act shall continue to have effect as if it had not then expired; and

(b) where the day of any local election occurs after the end

of December, nineteen hundred and forty-seven, but a person has consented to his nomination at that election by a telegram which, before that time, has been duly received or delivered in accordance with the requirements of section one of this Act, the said section shall have effect in relation to the consent so given as if this Act has not then expired. 3

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1945- Indian Franchise Ch. 2. 729

Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to make temporary provision for the inclusion in electoral rolls in India of persons returned from war service, to relax residence qualifications for those persons and to extend certain Indian franchise qualifications which depend on service in His Majesty’s forces or on the award of a pension.

[24th October 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) A person who has been engaged in war service, as Inclusion in defined for the purposes of this Act, may, not later than twelve electoral months from the termination thereof or from the date of the roUs of passing of this Act, whichever last occurs, apply for his inclusion returned in the electoral roll for any of the constituencies mentioned in from war subsection (3) of this section, and the roll shall, if he is entitled to service, be included therein, be amended accordingly.

(2) For the purposes of this section, a person shall be treated as entitled to be included in an electoral roll if he would be so entitled if the roll were being revised at or by reference to the date of his application.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act—

(a) the Governor-General in Council, in the case of a constituency for the election of persons to fill seats in either chamber of the Indian Legislature or for the election of persons to fill seats in the Legislative Council of the Chief Commissioner of Coorg; and

(b) the Governor of the Province, in the case of a constituency for the election of persons to fill seats in a chamber of a Provincial Legislature,

may make rules regulating the manner in which and the persons by whom any question arising as to the right of a person making such an application to be included in the roll is to be decided.

2.—(1) If on an application under the preceding section in Residence respect of such an electoral roll as is therein mentioned or on the qualifications, preparation or revision of such an electoral roll it appears that a person would have satisfied a residence qualification but for his absence on war service, that qualification shall be treated as satisfied in his case.

(2) In this section the expression " residence qualification " means, in relation to the electoral roll for any constituency, any provision (howsoever expressed) contained in any enactment.

Order in Council or rules, requiring as a condition of inclusion in

73<>

CH. 2.

Indian Franchise

Act, 1945.

9 Geo. 6.

Definition of war service.

Extension of certain franchise qualifications.

Supple-

mentary.

26 Geo. 5 and 1 Edw. 8. c. 2.

Printing.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c 7

the electoral roll either residence or the possession of a place of residence, at or for any specified time, in the constituency or other specified area.

3. —(1) In this Act, the expression " war service" means service at any time during the period which begins with the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and ends with such date as may be appointed by the Governor-General in Council, either—

(a) in any of His Majesty’s naval, military or air forces; or

(b) under the Crown in any other capacity directly relevant . to the prosecution of any war in which His Majesty is at

any time engaged during the said period.

(2) If any doubt arises as to whether any service of a person is or is not war service, the question shall be referred, in the case of service under the Government of a Province, to the Governor of that Province and, in the case of any other service, to the Governor-General in Council, and the decision of that Governor or, as the case may be, of the Governor-General in Council, shall be final.

4. —(1) The enactments, Orders in Council and rules mentioned in the Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments therein specified, being amendments extending the franchise qualifications depending on service in His Majesty’s regular military forces or the Auxiliary Force (India) or the Indian Territorial Force to other cases of service in His Majesty’s forces or the reserves thereof, and extending the franchise qualifications depending on the award of a civil, military or political pension to cases of an award of a pension in respect of naval or air service.

(2) Any power conferred by or under any Act to amend, revoke or vary any of the provisions mentioned in the said Schedule shall include a power to amend, revoke or vary those provisions as amended in the manner specified in the said Schedule.

5. The functions of the Governor of a Province under this Act shall be deemed for the purposes of the Government of India Act, 1935, to be included among the functions as respects which he is, by or under that Act, required to exercise his individual judgment.

6. A copy of the Government of India Act, 1935, giving effect to:—

(a) the amendments mentioned in subsection (2) of section

two of the India (Estate Duty) Act, 1945; and

(b) the amendments made by section four of, and Part I of

the Schedule to, this Act;

i945«

Indian Franchise

Act, 1945.

Ch. 2.

73i

shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments and deposited with the Rolls of Parliament and His Majesty’s printer shall print in accordance with the copy so certified all copies of the Government of India Act, 1935, which are printed after the said copy has been so prepared, certified and deposited.

7. This Act may be cited as the Indian Franchise Act, 1945.

SCHEDULE.

Amendments to give effect to extension of certain

FRANCHISE QUALIFICATIONS.

Part I.

Amendments of the Sixth Schedule to the Government of India Act, 1935 (26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 2).

1. For the words "an officer, non-commissioned officer or soldier of His Majesty’s regular military forces " wherever those words occur, there shall be substituted the words "a member of His Majesty’s naval, military or air forces ".

2. For the words " officer, non-commissioned officer or soldier of His Majesty’s regular military forces " wherever those words occur elsewhere, there shall be substituted the words "member of His Majesty’s naval, military or air forces ".

3. For paragraph 12 of Part I, there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" 12. This Schedule shall have effect as if any reference therein to a member of His Majesty's naval, military or air forces included a reference to a member of any British India police force, the Royal Indian Naval Reserve, the Royal Indian Naval Volunteer Reserve, the Auxiliary Force (India), the Indian Territorial Force or the Royal Indian Air Force Volunteer Reserve, not being a member who has been dismissed or discharged for disciplinary reasons:

Provided that this paragraph shall not have effect in relation to any person by reason of his membership of the Royal Indian Navai Reserve, the Royal Indian Naval Volunteer Reserve, the Auxiliary Force (India), the Indian Territorial Force or the Royal Indian Air Force Volunteer Reserve unless the period of his service either was not less than four years or included actual service in the Royal Indian Navy or the Royal Indian Air Force or service in a part of the Auxiliary Force (India) or the Indian Territorial Force for the time being embodied in pursuance of a notification issued by the Governor-General in Council and published in the Gazette of India.

Short title.

Section 4

732

CH. 2.

Indian Franchise

Act, 1945.

9 Geo. 6.

4. In sub-paragraph (5) of paragraph 13 of Part I, after the words " Any reference in this Schedule to a" there shall be inserted the words "retired, pensioned or discharged member or to a

5. In paragraph 10 of Part II and in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 10 of Part V for the words " officer, non-commissioned officer or soldier " there shall be substituted the words "member of His Majesty’s naval, military or air forces ".

6. In paragraph 9 of Part VIII for the words "an officer, noncommissioned officer, soldier or man " there shall be substituted the words " a member

Part II.

Amendment of the Government of India (Provincial Legislative Assemblies) Order, 1936 (S.R. & O. 1936 No. 415).

For paragraphs (c) and (d) of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 9 of Part IX there shall be substituted the following paragraphs :—

" (c) he is a retired, pensioned or discharged member of His Majesty’s naval, military or air forces, of the Assam Rifles, or of a British India police force, not being a member who was dismissed or discharged for disciplinary reasons; or

(d) in the case of a woman, she is the pensioned widow or pensioned mother of a person who was a member of His Majesty’s naval, military or air forces, of the Assam Rifles or of a British India police force."

Part III.

Amendment of the Government of India (Provincial Legislative Councils) Order, 1936 (S.R. & O. 1936 No. 416).

For the words "civil, military or political pension ", wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words "civil, naval, military, air force or political pension ".

Part IV.

Amendments of the Coorg Electoral Rules.

1. For sub-paragraph (e) of paragraph (iii) of rule 9 there shall be substituted the following sub-paragraph:—

" (e) service in His Majesty’s forces or the reserves thereof or police service ".

2. For paragraph iA of the Second Schedule, there shall be substituted the following paragraph :—

" 1 A. This Schedule shall have effect as if any reference therein to a member of His Majesty’s naval, military or air forces included a reference to a member of any British India police force, the Royal Indian Naval Reserve, the Royal Indian Naval Volunteer Reserve, the Auxiliary Force (India), the Indian Territorial Force or the Royal Indian Air Force Volunteer Reserve, not being a member who has been dismissed or discharged for disciplinary reasons:

I945*

Indian Franchise

Act, 1945.

Ch. 2, 3.

733

Provided that this paragraph shall not have effect in relation to any person by reason of his membership of the Royal Indian Naval Reserve, the Royal Indian Naval Volunteer Reserve, the Auxiliary Force (India), the Indian Territorial Force or the Royal Indian Air Force Volunteer Reserve unless the period of his service either was not less than four years or included actual service in the Royal Indian Navy or the Royal Indian Air Force or service in a part of the Auxiliary Force (India) or the Indian Territorial Force for the time being embodied in pursuance of a notification issued by the Governor-General in Council and published in the Gazette of India."

3. For the words "officer, non-commissioned officer or soldier of His Majesty's regular forces " wherever those words occur elsewhere in the said Schedule, there shall be substituted the words " member of His Majesty's naval, military or air forces

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to validate the election of Mrs. Jean Mann and John Forman, Esquire, to the House of Commons notwithstanding their holding the office of member of a tribunal under the Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act, 1943, and to indemnify them from any penal consequences which they may have incurred by sitting and voting as members of that House.

[24th October 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Mrs. Jean Mann and John Forman Esquire shall be deemed Validation of not to have been incapable of being elected members of the election of. Commons House of Parliament, or to have been or to be incapable ^en?nity

of sitting or voting as members thereof, by reason only of having M^nn anti " held at any time before the passing of this Act the office of John Forman member of a tribunal constituted under the Rent of Furnished Esquire. Houses Control (Scotland) Act, 1943; and they shall be and are 6 & 7 Geo. 6. hereby discharged, freed and indemnified from all penal conse-c- 44 • quences whatsoever incurred by them respectively by sitting or voting as members of that House while holding the said office.

2. This Act may be cited as the Coatbridge and Springburn Short title. Elections (Validation) Act, 1945.

734

Ch. 4.

9 Geo. 6.

Issue oi

£2,008,464,608 out of the Consolidait J Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1946.

Power for the Treasury to i orrow.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 2.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1)

Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-six.

[31st October 1945.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-six, the sum of two thousand and eight million, four hundred and sixty-four thousand, six hundred and eight pounds.

2.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole two thousand and eight million, four hundred and sixty-four thousand, six hundred and eight pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-six, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

1945-

Consolidated Fund (No. i)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 4, 5,6.

735

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Short litle. Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to validate certain proceedings for dissolution of marriage in the High Court in Bombay.

[31st October 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The High Court in Bombay shall, in and in relation to any Certain proproceedings instituted therein before the passing of this Act, m

exercise and be deemed always to have been entitled to exercise B^bayto be all such jurisdiction as would have been exercisable by that valid.

Court if the State of Hyderabad had at all times been within

the area which is, in relation to that Court, the appropriate area

for the purposes of section six of the Indian and Colonial Divorce 3 & 4 Geo. 6-

Jurisdiction Act, 1940. c- 35-

2. This Act may be cited as the Indian Divorce Act, 1945. Short title.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to provide for the holding of elections of members or officers of certain bodies in cases where elections have been postponed under the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Acts, 1939 and 1941; for validating elections held after such postponement; for amending the said Acts and removing doubts arising thereon; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[10th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

736

Ch. 6.

Chartered and Other Bodies

(Resumption of Elections) , 1945.

9 Geo. 6.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Power to

enable

postponed

elections

of statutory

bodies to be

held

notwith-

standing

abnormal

conditions.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 119.

1.—(1) Where an Order in Council has been made under section two of the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, postponing elections of new members or officers of any corporation or body of persons, and it appears to His Majesty that—

(a) elections ought to be held without further postponement;

(b) if elections were so held, a substantial proportion of the persons who would, but for abnormal conditions arising out of the war, be qualified under the special Act as electors or candidates for election, or as electors or candidates of a particular class, would not. be so qualified; and

(c) for that reason the holding of elections in accordance with the special Act at the end of the period of postponement would be impracticable or unsatisfactory :

His Majesty may by Order in Council make such modifications in the provisions of the special Act, including in particular provisions relating to the qualifications of electors or candidates for election, as appear to him to be necessary or expedient for the purpose of enabling satisfactory elections, having regard to the abnormal conditions, to be held at the end of the said period, and any such Order in Council may contain such incidental and consequential provisions as appear to His Majesty to be necessary or expedient.

(2) An Order in Council made under the foregoing subsection shall, subject as hereinafter provided, only apply to the elections held at the end of the period of postponement as aforesaid, and to any election held for the purpose of filling a casual vacancy occurring between the said elections and the next elections held otherwise than for the said purpose :

Provided that if it appears to His Majesty that owing to the continuance of the abnormal conditions it is necessary or expedient to extend the operation of any Order in Council made under the foregoing subsection, he may from time to time by Order in Council provide that the said Order shall apply, with any necessary variations, to such further elections as he may specify.

(3) Where an Order in Council made under this section provides for the holding of elections in a year in which elections would not normally be held under the special Act, the Order in Council may provide that persons elected at those elections shall hold office for a period ending on the appropriate date in the next year in which elections would normally be held under the special Act.

1945-

Chartered and Other Bodies

(Resumption of Elections) Act, 1945.

Cr. 6.

737

2. —(1) It is hereby declared for the removal of doubt that an Order in Council made under section two of the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, postponing elections of new members or officers of any corporation or body of persons, may—

(a) provide for the holding of such elections at the end of

the period of postponement, notwithstanding that they will be held in a year in which such elections would not normally be held under the special Act;

(b) provide that the persons elected at those elections shall

* hold office for a period ending on the appropriate date

in the next year in which elections would normally be held under the special Act; and

(c) may make such consequential modifications of the special Act as appear to His Majesty to be necessary or expedient.

Any Order in Council providing for the matter specified in paragraph -(6) of this subsection shall remain in force until the end of the period specified in that paragraph, notwithstanding the previous expiry of the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939.

(2) It is hereby declared for the removal of doubt that, where any corporation or body of persons entitled to apply under the said section two for an Order in Council postponing elections of new members or officers of that corporation or body have failed to apply before the date when those elections were required to be held, a subsequent application for such an Order having retrospective effect may be made by or on behalf of the persons who were members of the said corporation or body immediately before the said date, and such an application shall be deemed, for the purposes of the said section two, to be a valid application made on behalf of the said corporation or body.

3. Where an Order m Council has been made under section two of the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, postponing elections of new members or officers of any corporation or body of persons, and elections of such members or officers have been held at the end of the period of postponement and before the passing of this Act, and it appears to His Majesty that—

(a) owing to abnormal conditions arising out of the war the

elections were not held in all respects in accordance with the provisions of the special Act; and

(b) that nevertheless the corporation or body ought in all the

circumstances of the case to be treated as validly constituted;

he may by Order in Council declare that corporation or body to be, and to have been, validly constituted as from the date when

3 A

Removal of doubts arising on s. 2 of the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939-

Validation of elections held under abnormal conditions.

738

Ch. 6.

Chartered and Other Bodies

(Resumption of Elections) Act, 1945.

9 Geo. 6.

Provisions as to Orders in Council.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 66.

Short title, interpretation, and extent.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 19.

the said elections were held until such date as the corporation or body can be validly reconstituted by elections held in accordance with the provisions of the special Act or .in accordance with those provisions as modified by an Order in Council made under section one of this Act.

4. —(1) Any Order in Council made under this Act may be

varied or revoked by a subsequent Order made in like manner.

(2) Every Order in Council made under this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made, and if an Address is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such Order is laid before it, praying that the Order be annulled, His Majesty in Council may annul the Order and it shall thenceforth become void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of a new Order.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(3) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not apply to any such Order in Council as aforesaid.

5. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Chartered and Other Bodies (Resumption of Elections) Act, 1945.

(2) In this Act the expression " the special Act" means, in relation to any corporation or body of persons, any Act of Parliament, Order in Council, order, regulation or Royal Charter relating to the constitution of that corporation or body, and the expression " the war" means any war in which His Majesty has been engaged since the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine.

(3) References in this Act to an Order in Council under section two of the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, shall include references to an Order in Council under the said section two as amended by the Chartered and Other Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941. 4

(4) It is hereby declared that this Act, so far as it affects any corporation or body of persons by which functions are exercisable in Northern Ireland as well as in Great Britain, extends to Northern. Ireland.

1945- British Settlements Act, 1945. Ch. 7,8. 739

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to enable the powers conferred by the British Settlements Act, 1887, on His Majesty in Council to be delegated as well by Order of His Majesty in Council as by an instrument passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, and to amend the provisions of that Act with respect to the persons to whom those powers may be delegated.

[10th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Section three of the British Settlements Act, 1887 (which Amendment of empowers His Majesty, by any instrument passed under the »• 3 of Great Seal of the United Kingdom or by any instructions under 5° & 51 Vict* His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual referred to in any such instru- c* 54‘ ment as made or to be made as respects any British settlement, to delegate to any three or more persons within the settlement all or any of the powers conferred by that Act on His Majesty in Council), shall have effect as if—

(a) any reference therein to an instrument passed as aforesaid included a reference to an Order of His Majesty in Council; and

(b) for the reference therein to any three or more persona within the settlement there were substituted a reference to any specified person or persons or authority.

2. This Act may be cited as the British Settlements Act, 1945, Short title and the British Settlements Act, 1887, and this Act may be811(1 Station, cited together as the British Settlements Acts, 1887 and 1945.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to provide for the transfer, to a tribunal to be established for that purpose, of jurisdiction to determine appeals and references which under section thirty-two • of the War Damage Act, 1943, may be made to a referee; and for purposes connected therewith.

[10 th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

3 A 2

740

Transfer of jurisdiction on appeal or reference to a referee under s. 32 of 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 21. 10 Edw. 7 and 1 Geo. 5. c. 8.

Short title and extent.

24 ft 25 Geo. 5-c. 53.

Ch. 8. War Damage (Valuation Appeals) 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Any appeal from a determination of the War Damage Commission, or reference for the determination of a question, which apart from this Act would lie or could be made under section thirty-two of the War Damage Act, 1943, to one of the panel of referees appointed under Part I of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, shall lie or be made instead to a tribunal consisting of a member or members of the panel constituted under Part I of the Schedule to this Act, being a member or members selected in accordance with the provisions of Part II of that Schedule; and the provisions of Parts III and IV respectively of that Schedule shall have effect in relation to appeals and references to a tribunal under this Act, and to pending appeals and references to one of the said panel of referees.

2. —(1) This Act may be cited as the War Damage (Valuation Appeals) Act, 1945.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

(3) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, the reference to the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, shall be construed as a reference to that Act as it applies to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Constitution of Panel.

1. For the purposes of this Act there shall be constituted a panel consisting of a President and such number of other members as the Lord Chancellor may determine, to be appointed by the Lord Chancellor.

2. The President shall be a barrister-at-law of at least seven years' standing, and of the other members of the panel such number as the Lord Chancellor may determine shall be barristers-at-law of at least seven years' standing and the others shall be persons who have had experience in the valuation of land appointed after consultation with the president of the Chartered Surveyors Institution.

In this paragraph the references to a barrister-at-law shall be construed as references to one who is a member of the bar either of England or of Northern Ireland, whether or not he is a member of the bar of the other country also. 3 *

3. For the purposes of paragraph (c) of section six of the County

Courts Act, 1934 (which provides that a judge of county courts shall

not, so long as he holds office as such, act as arbitrator or referee for

I945-

War Damage ( Valua Appeals)

Act, 1945.

Ch, 8.

74i

any remuneration to himself), a judge of county courts appointed to be the President or a member of the panel shall not, by virtue of his being appointed or acting as such or in any other capacity under this Schedule and receiving remuneration thereunder, be deemed to act as mentioned in that paragraph.

4. In the case of temporary absence or inability to act of the President, the Lord Chancellor may appoint another member of the panel to act as deputy for the President, and a member so appointed shall, when so acting, have all the functions of the President.

5. The appointment of a member of the panel shall be for such term as may be determined by the Lord Chancellor, with the approval of the Treasury, before his appointment, and shall be subject to such conditions as may be so determined, and a person who ceases to hold office as a member of the panel shall be eligible for re-appointment thereto.

6. There shall be paid to the members of the panel such remuneration (if any), and such travelling and subsistence allowances, as the Lord Chancellor may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

7. The Lord Chancellor may appoint such officers and servants of the panel as he may, with the approval of the Treasury as to numbers and remuneration, determine.

8. The remuneration and allowances of members of the panel, the remuneration of officers and servants appointed as aforesaid, and such other expenses of the panel as the Treasury may determine, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Part II.

Constitution of Tribunals,

9. The member or members of the panel who is or are to be the tribunal for the purposes of any appeal or reference shall be selected as follows, that is to say,—

(a) the President may select a member or members to be the tribunal for a particular appeal or reference or for each of a group of appeals or references; or

(b) the President may select as respects a group of appeals or

references members from amongst whom the tribunal for any appeal or reference in the group is to be selected, and in that case the tribunal for any appeal or reference in the group shall be such one or more of those members as is or are selected either by the President or, if he so directs, by one of those members appointed by the President to be their chairman. 10

10. Where the tribunal for any appeal or reference consists of two or more members of the panel—

(a) if the President is one of them he shall preside at the hearing, and, if he is not, one of them shall be nominated to preside at the hearing by the person by whom the members of whom the tribunal consists were selected;

742

Ch. 8. War Damage (Valuation Appeals) 9 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(6) a decision of the tribunal shall be taken, in case of difference between the members of whom the tribunal consists, by the votes of the majority, and, in the case of an equality of votes, the person presiding at the hearing shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

Part III.

Provisions as to appeals and references to a Tribunal.

11. The decision of the tribunal on an appeal or reference shall, subject as hereinafter provided, be final:

Provided that immediately after the determination by the tribunal of the appeal or reference, any party thereto, if dissatisfied with the determination as being erroneous in point of , law, may declare his dissatisfaction to the tribunal and, having done so, may within such time as may be limited by rules of court, require the tribunal to state and sign a case for the opinion thereon of the High Court, or, where the party making the requirement so elects and the determination of the tribunal is on an appeal as to a value which has been determined by the War Damage Commission not to exceed five hundred pounds, or on a reference in relation to a value payment of an amount not exceeding that amount or in relation to a rentcharge of an amount not exceeding twenty-five pounds per annum, of the county court.

12. The Lord Chancellor shall make rules for regulating, subject to the provisions of this Schedule, appeals and references to a tribunal under this Act, and such rules shall in particular make provision—

(a) as to the time within which, and the manner in which, any such appeal or reference is to be made;

(6) for limiting the number of expert witnesses who may be heard at the instance of any party to one, except where the tribunal otherwise determines;

(c) for securing that, on an appeal or reference as to either of

two amounts the difference between which it is material for any of the purposes of the War Damage Act, 1943, to ascertain, the tribunal shall determine the other of those amounts also; and

(d) as to the form in which any decision of the tribunal is to be

given, and as to the amendment of any such decision in pursuance of any directions which, on appeal to any court, may be given by that court.

13. —(1) The tribunal may order that the costs of an appeal or reference incurred by any party shall be paid by any other party, and may tax or settle the amount of any costs to be paid under any such order or direct in what manner they are to be taxed, and any such order may be enforced as if it were an award on a submission within the meaning of the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934.

(2) In its application to Northern Ireland this paragraph shall have effect with the substitution, for the words "submission within the meaning of the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934", of the words "reference under an arbitration agreement within the meaning of the Arbitration Act (Northern Ireland), 1937".

1945-

War Damage ( Valua Appeals)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 8, 9.

• 743

14. The War Damage Commission shall be entitled to appear and be heard on any appeal to a tribunal under this Act.

Part IV.

T ransittonal provisions as to pending appeals and references

to a refer.

15. This Act shall not apply to such an appeal or reference as is < mentioned in section one of this Act if before the commencement of this Act the appeal or reference has been made to one of the panel of referees therein mentioned and at the commencement thereof the hearing of the appeal or reference, has been begun.

16. The rules to be made under paragraph 12 of this Schedule shall provide for securing, so far as appears to the Lord Chancellor to be practicable, that, where such an appeal or reference has been made to one of the said panel of referees before the commencement of this Act but the hearing of the appeal or reference has not been begun at the commencement thereof, things done for the purposes of the appeal or reference to the referee shall be treated as if they had been done for the purposes of an appeal or reference to a tribunal under this Act.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[10th December 1945.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and forty-five :

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same :

Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, . by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) «The Acts mentioned in Part I of the Schedule to this Continuance Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, be continued until the thirty-first day of December* nineteen Schedu e* hundred and forty-six.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, be continued until the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-seven.

744 Ch. 9. Expiring Laws 9 Geo. 6.

Continuance , 1945.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments which are temporary in their duration shall, in so far as they amend or affect any enactment continued by the foregoing provisions of this Act, be continued in like manner as that enactment whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

Short title and 2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws

Northetn°n to .Continuance Act, 1945.

Ireland. (2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in so far as it

deals with any enactment relating to a subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has not power to make laws, but, save as hereinbefore provided, shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Section I. PART I.

I. 2. 3. 4.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. How far Continued. Amending Acts.

(1) 4 Edw. 7. The Wireless Tele- The whole Act - 6 Edw. 7. c. 13.

c. 24. graphy Act, 1904. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

. c. 67. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

c. 54.

(2) •

2 & 3 Geo. 5. The Coal Mines The whole Act -

c. 2. (Minimum Wage) Act, 1912. " •

(3)

9 & 10 Geo. 5. The Aliens Restric- Section one - —

c. 92. (4) 9 & 10 Geo. 5* tion (Amendment) Act, 1919.

The Land Settle- Section two - - 12 & 13 Geo. 5.

c. 97- ment (Scotland) Act, 1919. c. 52.

(5)

20 & 21 The Coal Mines Parti - 1 & 2 Geo. 6.

Geo. 5. c. 34. Act, 1930. c. 52.

1945-

Ch. 9.

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act, 1945.

1. 2. 3. 4-

Session and Chapter. Short Title. How far Continued. Amending Acts.

<6> 20 & 21 The Public Works The following provi-

Geo. 5. c. 50. Facilities Act, sions, that is to

1930. say, section two, except the words " or statutory undertakers ", wherever those words occur; in section three, the words from the beginning of the section to the word " under-

taking "; section five; subsections (1) and (2) of section six; sections seven and eight; and the First Schedule except paragraph 2 of Part I.

(7) •

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 30. The Cotton Manufacturing Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934. Sections one and two

(8) Section one - -

24 & 25 The Road Traffic 1 Edw. 8.

Geo. 5. c. 50. Act, 1934. i Geo. 6. c. 5.

(9)

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 50. The Prevention of Violence (Temporary . Provisions) Act, 1939. The whole Act -

Part II.

(10)

24 & 25 The Debts Clearing The whole Act -

Geo. 5. c. 31. Offices and Im- |

(") 7 & 8 Geo. 6. port Restrictions Act, 1934- The Pensions (In- j The whole Act

c. 21. crease) Act, 1944.

9 Geo. 6.

746. Ch. 10. Supplies and Services

(Transitional Powers) , 1945.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to provide for the application of certain Defence Regulations for purposes connected with the maintenance control and regulation of supplies and services, for enabling Defence Regulations to be made for the control of prices and charges, for the continuation of Defence Regulations so applied or made during a limited period notwithstanding the expiry of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 to 1945, and for the amendment of other enactments in consequence of such continuation; to make provision for securing more effective Parliamentary control over Defence Regulations and orders and other instruments made thereunder; to provide for applying during a limited period certain powers of the Minister of Supply for purposes similar to those for which Defence Regulations may be applied and otherwise for amending those powers; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[10th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, .by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Power to

extend

purposes

of certain

Defence

Regulations.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

1.—(1) If it appears to His Majesty to be necessary dr expedient that any Defence Regulation to which this section applies should have effect for the purpose of so maintaining controlling and regulating supplies and services as—

(a) to secure a sufficiency of those essential to the wellbeing

of the community or their equitable distribution or their availability at fair prices; or

(b) to facilitate the demobilisation and resettlement of

persons and to secure the orderly disposal of surplus material; or

(c) to facilitate the readjustment of industry and commerce

to the requirements of the community in time of peace; or

(d) to assist the relief of suffering and the restoration and

distribution of essential supplies and services in any part of His Majesty’s dominions or in foreign countries that are in grave distress as the result of war;

he may by Order in Council direct that the Regulation shall have effect by virtue of this Act whether or not it is for the time being necessary or expedient for the purposes specified in subsection (1) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939.

1945- Supplies and Services Ch. io. 747

(Transitional Powers) A, 1945.

(2) An Order in Council made under this section with respect to any Defence Regulation shall provide for the making in the Regulation of such adaptations, if any, as appear to His Majesty to be necessary or expedient for rendering it applicable for the purposes aforesaid.

(3) Where an Order in Council is made under this section with respect to any Defence Regulation, all orders and other instruments ’ made under the Regulation and in force at the date when the Order

in Council comes into operation shall continue in force and shall, save as is otherwise expressly provided in the Order in Council, have effect as if they had been made under the Regulation as extended by the Order in Council and as if any references in those orders and instruments to any of the purposes specified in subsection (1) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence)

Act, 1939, included references to the purposes specified in subsection (1) of this section.

(4) This section applies to any Defence Regulation contained in Part III or Part IV of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, at the date of the passing of this Act and to any Defence Regulation specified in the second column of the First Schedule to this Act, and references in any Order in Council made under this section to any such Regulation shall be construed as references to that Regulation as in force at the date on which the Or^er comes into operation.

2. —(1) The powers conferred on His Majesty by the principal Power to Acts to make such Defence Regulations as appear to him to be make Defence necessary or expedient for the purposes specified in subsection (1)

of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, shall include power by Order in Council to make such Defence Regulations as appear to him to be necessary or expedient for controlling the prices to be charged for goods of any description or the charges to be made for services of any description, whether or not such Regulations are necessary or expedient for the purposes specified in the said subsection (1).

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the power conferred by the last foregoing subsection, any Defence Regulation made in pursuance thereof may amend the Goods and Services (Price Control) Acts, 1939 to 1943.

(3) Any Defence Regulation expressed to be made in pursuance of the said power shall have effect by virtue of this Act.

3. —(1) His Majesty, by Order in Council made under this Revocation Act, may revoke in whole or in part any Defence Regulation

which has effect by virtue of this Act' or may vary any such Regulations Regulation in such manner as appears to him— having effect

(a) in the case of a Regulation to which section one of this under this Act-Act applies, to be necessary or expedient for any of the

Ch. io.

. 748

Supplies and Services 9 Geo. 6.

fTransitional Powers) Act, 1945.

purposes specified in subsection (1) of that section or, while the principal Acts continue in force, for any of the purposes specified in subsection (1) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, or

(6) in the case of a Regulation made in pursuance of the power conferred by the last foregoing section, to be necessary or expedient for the additional purpose specified in subsection (1) of that section.

(2) Subsection (3) of section eight of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939 (which relates to the power to revoke or vary Orders in Council made under that Act) shall not apply to any Defence Regulation which has effect by virtue of this Act.

Parliamentary control over Defence Regulations and orders and other instruments made thereunder.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 66.

4.—(1) Every Order in Council made under the principal Acts (or under those Acts as extended by section two of this Act) which contains Defence Regulations, every order or other instrument made under powers conferred by Defence Regulations which is determined in accordance with regulations made under section three of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, to be a statutory rule within the meaning of the said section and to be of the nature of a public Act or which is or is deemed to be a statutory rule to which the Rules Publication Act (Northern Ireland), 1925, applies (being an Order in Council order or instrument made after the passing of this Act), and every Order in Council made under this Act, shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is piade; and if either House of Parliament, within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such Order in Council, order or instrument is laid before it,. resolves that it be annulled, it shall cease to have effect, but without prejudice to anything previously done thereunder or to the making of any new Order in Council, order or other instrument.

In reckoning any period for the purposes of this subsection no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(2) Section one of the Rules Publication* Act, 1893, shall not apply to any such Order in Council, order or other instrument as aforesaid.

(3) Subsections (1) and (2) of section eight of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, are hereby repealed.

Application of 5.—(1) Save as is otherwise expressly provided in the last

and eff©ctAftS tw0 ^ore8°^n8 sections of this Act, nothing in this Act shall be theirexpiry, construed as restricting the operation of the principal Acts while and adaptation those Acts remain in force, or as affecting their application to of other Defence Regulations having effect by virtue of this Act, and any

enactments, reference in those Acts to the purposes for which Defence

1945- Supplies and Services Ch. 10. 749

{Transitional Powers) Act, 1945.

Regulations may be made shall, in their application to Defence Regulations having effect by virtue of this Act, be construed as including a reference to the purposes specified in section one or, as the case may be, section two of this Act.

(2) If the principal Acts expire while this Act is in force—

(a) the provisions of those Acts, except the provisions specified

in the Second Schedule to this Act, shall, notwithstanding their expiry for all other purposes, continue to apply (so far as applicable) while this Act is in force to any Defence Regulation having effect by virtue of this Act, any order or other instrument made under any such Regulation and any scheme of control contained in or authorised by any such Regulation; and

(b) any such Regulation and any order or qther instrument

made under any such Regulation shall have effect, as from the date of the expiry of the said Acts, as if references therein to any of the purposes specified in subsection (1) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, were omitted therefrom.

(3) Any enactment other than the principal Acts referring to Defence Regulations or to powers conferred under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, shall be construed as including a reference to Defence Regulations having effect by virtue of this Act or, as the case may be, to powers conferred thereby.

(4) Section four of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939 (which provides for the application of that Act to colonies and other territories) shall* have effect as if the reference to the provisions of that Act included a reference to the foregoing provisions of this Act, and as if the reference to the authority empowered to make Defence Regulations included a reference to the authority empowered to exercise the powers of His Majesty in Council under the foregoing provisions of this Act; and the said section shall, if the principal Acts expire while this Act is in force, continue in force, notwithstanding such expiry, so far as it provides for the extension of the foregoing provisions of this Act to any country or territory mentioned in the said section.

(5) The provisions of Parts II, V and VI of the Requisitioned 8 & 9 Geo. 6. Land and War Works Act, 1945 (which confer temporary powers c- 43-

to acquire and retain possession of land used for war purposes and to maintain, use and remove war works) shall, subject as hereinafter provided, have effect as if the expression " war period " included any period after the expiry of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, during which this Act is in force and as if the expression " war purposes " included the purposes specified in subsection (1) of section one of this Act, and any other provisions of the said Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945 (except section forty-five thereof), shall, so far as they relate to the provisions aforesaid, have the like effect:

750 Ch. io. Supplies and Services 9 Geo. 6.

(Transitional Powers) Act, 1945.

a %

Provided that no powers shall be exercisable by virtue of this, subsection unless the appropriate Minister has certified—

(a) in a case where the powers arise in consequence of the doing of work on land, that the work was done after the date of the expiry of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, for the purposes specified in subsection (1) of section one of this Act, or that works constructed in the course of the work have been used after the said date for the purposes’aforesaid; or

(b) in a case where the powers arise in consequence of the possession or use of land or damage caused by the use of land, that the land has been used after the said date for the purposes aforesaid;

and has served a copy of the certificate, either by delivery or by prepaid registered letter on any person to whom compensation under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two or subsection (2) of section three of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, is in course of payment in respect of the land to which the certificate relates.

In this subsection the expressions " Minister," " works " and " the doing of work on land " have the same meanings as in the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945, and the expression " the appropriate Minister" means the Minister by whom or by arrangement with whom or on whose authority or direction the work was done or the land or works were used for the purposes aforesaid, and section fifty-six of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945 (which relates to the exercise of powers by the Board of Trade), and subsection (2) of section fifty-eight of that Act (which relates to the proof of certificates) shall apply for the purposes of this subsection as they apply for the purposes of that Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 75.

Application of powers of Minister of

Supply.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 38.

6.—(1) For the purposes of the Ministry of Supply Act, 1939 (which confers powers on the Minister to acquire, produce or dispose of articles required for the public service and to exercise certain other powers in relation to such articles) the expression " articles required for the public service" shall include any supplies which the Minister of Supply is satisfied that it is necessary or expedient to maintain, control or regulate for any of the purposes specified in subsection (1) of section one of this Act, and the expression " works required for the public service " shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in proviso (i) to subsection (1) of section two of the Ministry of Supply Act, 1939, the powers of the Minister of Supply under that subsection may, so long as this Act continues in force, be exercised in relation to the supply to any other government department of any articles required

. 945- Supplies and Services Ch. xo.

(Transitional Powers) Act, 1945.

by that department for the purpose of the discharge of its functions, whether or not the powers of that department in relation to the supply of those articles are for the time being transferred to or made exercisable by the Minister under section three of the Ministry of Supply Act, 1939.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in proviso (ii) to the said subsection (1) of section two, the powers of the said Minister under that subsection of manufacturing or otherwise producing articles may continue to be exercised so long as this Act continues in force in respect of any articles whatsoever required for the public service within the meaning of the Ministry of Supply Act, 1939, as amended by this Act.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in section fourteen of the Ministry of Supply Act, 1939, the provisions of sections seven to thirteen thereof shall continue in force so long as this Act continues in force.

7. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parlia- Expenses, ment any expenses incurred by any Minister of the Crown in consequence of the passing of this Act, and any increase attributable to the passing of this Act in any sums authorised or required by any other enactment to be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

8. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided this Act shall continue Duration, in force for the period of five years after the passing thereof

and shall then expire:

Provided that, if at any time while this Act is in force, an Address is presented to His Majesty by each House of Parliament praying that this Act should be continued in force for a further period of one year from the time at which it would otherwise expire, His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that this Act shall continue in force for that further period.

(2) Subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation 52 & 53 Vict. Act, 1889, shall apply upon the expiry of this Act as if this Act c. 63. had then been repealed.

9. Nothing in this Act shall restrict the p»owers of the Saving for Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws with respect to legislative any matter with respect to which that Parliament has power to p^jSment of make laws, and any laws made by that Parliament with respect Northern

to any such matters shall have effect notwithstanding anything Ireland, in any Defence Regulation having effect by virtue of this Act and applicable to Northern Ireland, or in any order or other instrument made under such a Regulation. 10

10. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Supplies and Services Short title

(Transitional Powers) Act, 1945. • mtcrPre~

7

1

752 Ch. io. Supplies and Services 9 Geo. 6.

Transitional Powers) , 1945.

(2) In this Act the expression " Defence Regulation" means a Regulation made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, or under that Act as extended by any subsequent enactment (including this Act), and the expression " the 'principal Acts" means the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 to 1945.

SCHEDULES.

Section x.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Additional Defence Regulations to which Section One of this Act applies.

Title.

The Defence (Bodies Corporate and Trade Unions) Regulations, 1940.

The Defence (Encouragement of Exports) Regulations, 1940.

The Defence (Finance) Regulations, 1939.

The Defence (Local Government) (Scotland) Regulations, 1939.

The Defence (Recovery of Fines) Regulations, 1942.

The Defence (Recovery of Fines) (Scotland) Regulations, 1942.

The Defence (General) Regulations, 1939 s

Extent of application.

All Regulations in force at the date of the passing of this Act.

All Regulations in force at the said date.

All Regulations in force at the said date.

All Regulations in force at the said date.

All Regulations in force at the said date.

All Regulations in force at the said date.

Such of the Regulations contained in Part V at the said date as apply to any other Regulations having effect by virtue of this Act.

Section 5.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

3 & 4 Geo. 6.

c- 45-

Provisions of Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940,

EXCEPTED FROM CONTINUANCE UNDER THIS ACT.

Act.

Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939.

The Emergency Powers (Defence) (No. 2) Act, 1940.

Extent of exception.

Paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section one (which relates to the detention of persons in the interests of the public safety or the defence of the realm); and paragraph (aa of that subsection so far as it confers power to provide for the trial of offenders by courts established under% Defence Regulations.

Section six (which relates to the hearing of pioceedings in camera).

The whole Act (which relates to the power to provide for the trial of offences by special courts in certain areas).

1945-

Inshore Fishing Industry

Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 11.

Ch. 11.

753

An Act to authorise the provision of financial assistance to inshore fishermen and persons desiring to engage in the inshore fishing industry.

[10th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Minister Financial of Agriculture and Fisheries and the Secretary of State concerned assistance with the fishing industry in Scotland (hereinafter referred to as for *•

" the Ministers ") may, with the approval of the Treasury, make of^iShore arrangements for the provision of financial assistance for persons fishing engaged in the inshore fishing industry and persons desiring to industry, engage therein, including in particular persons who have previously been so engaged and persons who have served whole-time in the armed forces of the Crown or in the mercantile marine.

(2) Assistance may be given under this Act to any such persons as aforesaid in connection with the acquisition of boats or equipment for use for the purposes of the said industry, or in connection with the improvement or reconditioning of such boats or equipment, and may be given either by way of loan or, in case of need, by way of grant, or partly by way of loan and partly by way of grant:

Provided that the amount of any grant which may be so made in respect of the acquisition of any boat or equipment shall not exceed one third of the price, and the amount of any grant which may be so made in respect of the improvement or reconditioning of any boat or equipment shall not exceed one third of the cost of the improvement or reconditioning.

(3) The aggregate amount of any grants made in accordance with arrangements made under this section shall not exceed five hundred thousand pounds, and the aggregate amount of any loans so made shall not exceed eight,hundred thousand pounds, and subject to the following provisions of this Act no such grant or loan shall be made after the expiration of the period of five years beginning with the date of the passing of this Act.

(4) Any sums required by the Ministers for making grants or loans in accordance with arrangements made under this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, and any sums received by the Ministers by way of interest on any such loan, or by way of repayment of the principal thereof, shall be paid into the Exchequer. 3

3 B

754

Ch. II, 12.

Inshore Fishing Industry

Act, 1945.

9 Geo. 6.

Power to extend period for making grants and loans.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 66.

2.—(1) If it appears to the Ministers that, owing to the circumstances prevailing during the period of five years referred to in section one of this Act, it has not been possible for persons referred to in that section to avail themselves to the extent anticipated of the financial assistance provided thereunder, they may by order extend that period for a further period not exceeding two years, and thereupon the said section one shall have effect accordingly.

(2) An order made under this section shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made, and if either House, within the period of forty days beginning with the day upon which the order is laid before it, resolves that the order be annulled, the order shall thereupon cease to have effect, but without prejudice to the making of a new order.

In reckoning the said period of forty days no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(3) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not apply to any order made under this section.

Interpretation, 3.—(1) For the purposes of this Act the expression " the inshore short title fishing industry" means the business of catching and landing in

and extent. Great Britain fish, including shell-fish, found in the sea, by means

of fishing boats not exceeding seventy feet in length and not exceeding fifty tons gross tonnage :

Provided that no assistance shall be given under this Act in respect of any boat or equipment which is wholly or mainly used or intended for use for the purposes of herring fishing.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Inshore Fishing Industry Act, 1945.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to suspend certain provisions of the Civil Defence Acts, 1937 and 1939.

[10th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Suspension of 1.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in section one of the Air-Raid

obligation Precautions Act, 1937, no such air-raid precaution scheme as is

airraid1"5 mentioned in that section shall be prepared or submitted by a

precaution local authority until His Majesty by Order in Council directs

schemes. that this subsection shall cease to have effect.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 6.

le

1945-

Civil Defence

(Suspension of Powers) Act, 1945.

Ch. 12.

755

(2) An Order under this section may apply either to all local authorities or to such local authorities as may be specified by the Order, and either to all matters to which such schemes as aforesaid relate or to such of those matters as may be so specified; and if when such an Order comes into operation any direction given under paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (2) of the said section one (which provides for substituting borough or urban district councils for county councils) has not been revoked, the Order may revoke the direction.

(3) Any such scheme as aforesaid in force immediately before the passing of this Act shall cease to have effect.

(4) In this section the expression " the Minister" means the Minister specified in the Order for the time being in force under subsection (1) of section one of the Civil Defence Act, 1939, or, 2 & 3 Ge#. 6. if no such Order is in force, the Secretary of State. c. 31.

2.—(1) The operation of the Civil Defence Act, 1939, shall, Suspension during the period beginning with the passing of this Act and of certain ending with such date as His Majesty may by Order in Council appoint, be suspended to the extent specified in the Schedule to Defence Act, this Act. 1939.

(2) An Order under this section may be made either generally or in relation to any area, and either in relation to all provisions of the Civil Defence Act, 1939, the operation of which is suspended by this Act or in relation to any such provisions; and may make such adaptation of any such provision as to the time within which anything is required or authorised to be done as appears to His Majesty in Council necessary or expedient in consequence of the operation of the provision having been suspended.

3.—(1) Any Order in Council made under this Act shall be Provisions

laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made. £° °rdf1

in Council.

(2) If either House of Parliament, within the period of forty days beginning on the day on which any such Order is laid before it, presents an Address to His Majesty praying that the Order be annulled. His Majesty in Council may annul the Order and it shall thereupon cease to have effect, without prejudice, however, to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of a new Order.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days. 3

(3) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not 56 & 57 Vict, apply to any Order in Council made under this Act. °* 669

3B3

756

CH. 12.

Civil Defence

(Suspension of Powers) Act, 1945.

9 Geo. 6.

Short title and citation.

Section 2.

4. This Act may be cited as the Civil Defence (Suspension of Powers) Act, 1945, and this Act and the Civil Defence Acts, 1937 and 1939, may be cited together as the Civil Defence Acts, 1937 to 1945.

SCHEDULE.

1. The powers conferred by Part II of the Civil Defence Act, 1939, to designate premises for use for public purposes of civil defence, to enter on land, to construct or provide air-raid shelters and other premises and to carry out other work shall not be exercisable during the period of suspension; and any notice designating any premises for use as aforesaid in force immediately before the passing of this Act shall cease to have effect:

Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall affect any power of carrying out work of restoration or maintenance, or any power of entry for the purpose of carrying out such work.

2. No requirement imposed by Part III of the said Act of 1939, and no power conferred by the said Part III to impose any requirement, on the occupier of any factory premises or the owner of any mine or commercial building, or on any employer of persons in any such premises, mine or building, shall apply during the period of suspension, and no power to execute works conferred by the said Part III on any such occupier or owner shall be exercisable during that period.

3. A local authority shall not during the period of suspension be required, or have power, under Part IV of the said Act to carry out any work, or have power to make any advances thereunder, and no owner or occupier shall by virtue of the said Part IV be required, or have power, during that period to prepare any scheme or carry out any works for the purpose of providing air-raid shelter; and the restriction imposed by subsection (2) of section twenty-eight of the said Act on the removal from its position of any shelter or appliance erected or affixed by a local authority shall not apply to a shelter erected or appliance affixed before the beginning of the said period. 4

4. No requirement imposed by Part V of the said Act, and no power conferred by the said Part V to impose any requirement, on any public utility undertaker shall apply during the period of suspension; no grant shall be paid under the said Part V in respect of measures taken during the period of suspension, and no expenses incurred in taking any such measures shall be defrayed under the said Part V; and the power thereby conferred on the Central Electricity Board shall not be exercisable during that period :

Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall apply to measures taken or approved before the beginning of that period, or to the storage, insurance, maintenance, or disposal of plant, equipment or other property acquired by the said Board before the beginning of that period.

1945-

Civil Defence

(Suspension of Powers) Act, 1945.

Ch. 12, 13.

757

5. No requirement imposed by Part VI of the said Act (which relates to the obscuration of lights and camouflage), and no power conferred by the said Part VI to impose any requirement, shall apply during the period of suspension.

6. Section fifty-six of the said Act (which relates to plans for the transference of members of the civil population from one area to another in the event of war) shall not have effect, during the period of suspension, except in relation to the carrying out of such plans as aforesaid put into operation before the beginning of the said period.

7. No scheme under section fifty-eight of the said Act (which relates to the supply of water for extinguishing fires) shall be submitted during the period of suspension.

8. The powers of compulsory hiring of land conferred by Part VIII of the said Act, and the power of entry and inspection conferred by Part IX thereof, shall not be exercisable during the period of suspension, and the power of borrowing and applying money and of a mortgagee to add money to his security or of a heritable creditor to obtain a charging order conferred by section sixty-six of the said Act shall not be exercisable in relation to anything done during that period.

9. In this Schedule the expression " the period of suspension" means the period mentioned in subsection (1) of section two of this Act; and expressions used in this Schedule and in the said Act of 1939 have the same meanings in this Schedule as in that Act.

CHAPTER 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

Purchase Tax, Customs and Excise.

Purchase Tax.

Section.

1. Cesser of charge of purchase tax in respect of certain cooking and

heating appliances and refrigerators.

2. Exemption from purchase tax of wireless sets for the blind.

3. Temporary exemption from purchase tax of war memorials.

Mechanically Propelled Vehicles.

4. Amendment as to grading of certain of the rates of excise duty on

mechanically propelled hackney and goods vehicles, etc.

5. Charge of excise duty on certain mechanically propelled vehicles by

reference to cylinder capacity in lieu of horse-power.

6. Amendment as to rate of excise duty on electrically propelled

bicycles.

Hydrocarbon Oils.

7. Extension of rebate on heavy oil used for farm tractors.

8. Amendment as to duty on oils used in refineries.

75«

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Spirits.

Section.

9. Power to substitute regulations for certain provisions of the Spirits Act, 1880, relating to distillers.

10. Increased penalties for offences under the Spirits Act, 1880.

11. Cessation of certain allowances in respect of spirits.

12. Reduction of distiller’s licence duty in certain cases.

Release of Imported Goods.

13. Release of imported goods.

14. Purchase tax : provisions as to application of customs enactments

to imported chargeable goods.

Part II.

Income Tax.

15. Income tax for 1946-47.

16. Higher rates of income lax for 1945-46.

17. Increase of certain reliefs for 1946-47 and subsequent years.

18. Appointed day for Part IV of Finance Act, 1944, and Income Tax

Act, 1945-

19. Extension to 1945-46 of s. 11 of Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

20. Tax free annuities, etc.

21. Application of Rules 19 and 21 of the General Rules to interest, etc.,

payable by local authorities.

22. Amendments as to carrying forward of losses.

23. War gratuities.

24. Treatment of certain payments made under redundancy schemes.

25. Effect of cancellation of certificates granted under Finance Act,

1935. s. 25.

26. Statutory redundancy schemes.

27. Adjustment of liability to income tax consequential on adjustments

of excess profits tax or the national defence contribution.

28. Incorrect returns.

Part III.

Excess Profits Tax and the National Defence Contribution.

29. Reduction of rate of excess profits tax.

30. Relief not to be given for deficiencies of profits occurring after end

of 1946.

31. Extension of relief for deficiencies of profits where a trader acquires

or commences a new trade or partly discontinues a trade.

32. Extension of relief for deficiencies of profits in the case of certain

amalgamations.

33. Supplementary provisions as to relief for deficiencies of profits.

34. Treatment of certain contributions and other payments made

under redundancy schemes.

35. Extension of time for making assessments to excess profits tax

and the national defence contribution, and relief in cases of error or mistake.

36. Research expenditure.

37. Application of certain provisions as to losses to the national defence

contribution.

Part IV.

Excess Profits Tax Post-War Refunds. Date of Payment.

38. Time for repayment of post-war refunds.

*945-

Ch. 13.

759

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Conditions for payment.

Section.

39. . Refunds to be used for purposes of trade or business.

40. Undertakings and authorities which must be given.

41. Effect of breach of undertakings, etc.

42. Establishment and duties of advisory panel and referee.

Income Tax.

43. Income tax on post-war refunds.

44. Option to spread refunds backwards for income tax purposes.

45. Option to have refunds treated as profits of 1947-48.

Miscellaneous.

46. Reliefs given and repayments made after payments have been made

by way of post-war refund.

47. Set-off of refunds against excess profits tax.

48. Payment of refunds out of Consolidated Fund.

49. Special cases.

50. Interpretation of Part IV.

Part V.

Relief from Double Taxation.

51. Agreements for relief from double taxation of income.

52. Deduction of income tax from dividends.

53. Power to make regulations.

54. Agreements for relief from double estate duty.

35. Disclosure of information.

56. Supplementary.

Part VI.

Miscellaneous.

57. Relief from death duties on land subsequently acquired by government

departments, local authorities, etc.

58. Amendment of law as to exceptional depreciation allowances.

59. Determination of questions affecting allowances for exceptional

depreciation.

60. Appointment of collectors of taxes, etc. for City of London.

♦1. Amendment as to deficit for 1944-45.

62. Short title, construction, extent and repeals.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Classes of Goods in respect of which Purchase Tax is to cease to be chargeable.

Second Schedule.—Rates of Excise Duty on certain Mechanically Propelled Vehicles.

Third Schedule.—Spirits.

Fourth Schedule.—Income Tax Reliefs in Connection with Redundancy Schemes.

Fifth Schedule.—Section 24 of the Finance Act, 1923, as applied with adaptations to Excess Profits Tax and the National Defence Contribution.

Sixth Schedule.—Post-War Refunds in the case of Partnerships, Groups of Companies, etc.

Seventh Schedule.—Provisions as to relief from Income Tax, Excess Profits Tax and the National Defence Contribution by way of credit in respect of Foreign Tax.

760

Ch. 13. Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6

Eighth Schedule.—Amendments as to Exceptional Depreciation Allowances.

Ninth Schedule.—Modification of Enactments relating to the collection of Income Tax and Land Tax.

Tenth Schedule.—Enactments relating to Mechanically Propelled Vehicles repealed as from 1st January, 1946.

An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties, and to amend the law relating to the Public Revenue and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

[20th December 1945.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same as follows: —

Part I.

Purchase Tax, Customs and Excise.

Cesser of charge of purchase tax in respect of certain cooking and heating appliances and refrigerators.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 48.

Purchase Tax.

1.—(1) Purchase tax shall cease to be chargeable in respect of goods of the classes specified in the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) In accordance with the preceding subsection, the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940, shall be amended by inserting in the third column thereof, immediately before the entry relating to hurricane lamps and other lamps, the words contained in the First Schedule to this Act. 3 4

(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the twenty-fourth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

(4) Tax shall not be chargeable by virtue of a purchase of goods of any of the said classes in respect of any such goods delivered under the purchase on or after the said twenty-fourth day of October, notwithstanding that the purchase was made before the said day.

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

761

(5) Where, in respect of goods of any of the said classes Part I.

bought under a purchase made before the said twenty-fourth cont-

day of October, any tax which would have been chargeable

if this Act had not been passed does not become chargeable, the buyer may, in the absence of agreement to the contrary and if the seller has had in respect of the goods the benefit of the tax not becoming chargeable, deduct from the consideration a sum equal to the amount which would have been the amount of the tax chargeable in respect of the goods if this Act had not been passed.

(6) Nothing in this section shall affect the operation of section twenty of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 (which empowers the Treasury by order to direct that tax shall become chargeable in respect of goods of any class in respect of which it is not for the time being chargeable).

2. The Commissioners may, subject to such conditions as Exemption they may impose for the protection of the Revenue, remitfrom purchase purchase tax chargeable in respect of a wireless receiving ?orThe set, by virtue either of a purchase thereof or of such an appro- blind, priation or application thereof as is mentioned in section twenty-five of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940, if they are

satisfied, by a certificate to that effect given to them on behalf

of a charity registered under section three of the Blind Persons Geo. 5.

Act, 1920, that the purchase, appropriation or application, c* 49-

was made for the purpose of making the set available for

the use of the blind to the exclusion of use otherwise, and

that the property therein will be retained by the charily for

that purpose.

3. Subject to such conditions as they may impose for the Temporary protection of the Revenue, the Commissioners, upon an fr^mpSchase application in that behalf made to them within the period of tax of war five years beginning with the passing of this Act, may remit memorials, purchase tax chargeable in respect of an article of furniture,

plate or textile material, or an ornament, by virtue either of a purchase thereof or of such an appropriation or application thereof as is mentioned in section twenty-five of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940, if they are satisfied that the purchase, appropriation or application was made for the purpose of placing the article or ornament in a place of religious worship as a war memorial and that it will be retained therein.

Mechanically Propelled Vehicles.

4. —(1) For the purpose of providing, as respects the duties Amendment of excise chargeable in respect of mechanically propelled0fthe°

(a) for the grading of certain of the rates of the said duty on duties which are graded according to seating capacity, or to weight unladen, by reference to units and

consisting respectively of a single person and of one goods vehicles.

vehicles,—

rates of excise

etc.

762

Ch. 13. Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part I, —eont.

quarter of a ton, in lieu of by reference to larger units;

(b) for revoking such of the rates of the said duties as are chargeable in respect of vehicles by reference to their not being fitted entirely with pneumatic tyres; and

(c) for making certain formal amendments in the provisions by which the said duties are charged;

10 11 Geo. 5. section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1920 (which imposes the c. 1*. said duties) shall, as from the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and forty-six, have effect subject to the subsequent provisions of this section.

(2) The said section thirteen shall have effect as respects vehicles of the descriptions specified in paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule to the said Act (which paragraph relates to hackney carriages) as if the paragraph set out in Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act were substituted for that paragraph.

(3) The said section thirteen shall have effect as respects vehicles of the descriptions specified in sub-paragraphs (a),

(b) and ( c) of paragraph 5 of the Second Schedule to the said Act (which paragraph relates to goods vehicles) as if for the rates of duty specified in those sub-paragraphs there were substituted the rates of duty specified in Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act.

(4) The rates of the duties chargeable under the said section thirteen in respect of goods vehicles used solely within the area of a local authority by that local authority, or by any person acting in pursuance of a contract with that local authority, for the purpose of cleafising or watering roads or cleansing gullies shall be those specified in Part III of the Second Schedule to this Act, in lieu of those specified in sub-paragraphs (a) and (d) of the paragraph numbered 5 in the 18 & 19 Geo. 5. Third Schedule to the Finance Act, 1928, and—

c'17' (a) such vehicles shall be excepted from the descriptions

of vehicles specified in sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 5 of the Second Schedule to die Finance Act, 1920, and, if used for drawing a trailer, from sub-paragraph (d) thereof;

23 & 24 Geo. 5. (&) the proviso to section twenty-five of the Finance

c. 19. Act, 1933 (by virtue of which such vehicles are

excepted as aforesaid), shall be repealed:

Provided that the said duties in respect of such vehicles shall be deemed for all purposes to be chargeable under paragraph 5 of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920.

I945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

763

5.—(1) Section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1920, shall have Part I. effect as if the following proviso were inserted at the end of —cont. paragraph 6 of the Second Schedule to that Act, that is to ^2duty on

say1 certain

" Provided that, notwithstanding anything in the pre- mechanically ceding provisions of this paragraph, the duty to be propelled charged in respect of a vehicle falling within this para- ^rence to graph which derives its motive power wholly from an cylinder mtemal combustion engine worked by a cylinder or capacity in cylinders shall, if the vehicle is registered under the lieu of Roads Act, 1920, for the first time on or after the h°ree-po\^r. appointed day, be charged at a rate for each unit or *°_211 °*5*

part of a unit of the cylinder capacity of the vehicle equal to four-fifths of the rate fixed by this paragraph for each unit or part of a unit of horse-power, so however that if duty so charged in respect of the vehicle would be less than duty charged in respect thereof at the rate fixed by this paragraph for a vehicle not exceeding 6 horse-power, the rate of the duty to be charged in respect of the vehicle shall be the last-mentioned rate.

For the purposes of this proviso—

(a) a unit of cylinder capacity shall be one hundred cubic centimetres;

(b) the appointed day shall be such day as the Treasury may by order appoint."

(2) In-

(a) subsection (3) of section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1920 (which confers power to make regulations as to file calculation of a unit of horse-power);

(b) subsection (3) of section thirteen of the Roads Act, 1920 (wh;ch relates to the burden of proof in respect of certain matters in proceedings relating to licences under the Finance Act, 1920); and

(c) paragraph (f) of section twelve of the Road Traffic 24 & 25 Geo. 5.

Act, 1934 (which provides for the avoidance of re- c. 50. strictions by reference to certain matters on the scope of insurance against third-party risks);

after the words " horse-power " there shall be inserted the words " or cylinder capacity 6

6. As from the first day of January; nineteen hundred and Amendment forty-six, section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1920, shall have as to rate of effect as if, in paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to thatexcise. du1ty on Act (which relates to cycles)— ’ erot^ed

(a) the following sub-paragraph were inserted after sub- bicycles, paragraph (a), namely—

(aa) Bicycles which are electrically propelled 17s. 6d.";

764

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6,

Part I.

—cont.

Extension of rebate on heavy oil used for farm tractors.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 21.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

Amendmen to duty on oils used in refineries.

24 & 25 Geo. c. 32.

(6) for the words "sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph " there were substituted me words " sub-paragraph (a) or (aa) of this paragraph ".

Hydrocarbon Oils.

7. Section eight of the Finance Act, 1942 (which provides for a rebate, limited to expire on the expiration of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, on heavy oil for certain farm tractors, etc.) shall continue in force notwithstanding the expiration of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, until such date as His Majesty may by Order in Council determine, and accordingly for subsection (2) of the said section eight there shall be substituted the following subsection—

" (2) This section shall cease to have effect on such date, not being earlier than the expiration of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, as His Majesty may by Order in Council determine/'

8. —(1) Subsections (1), (2) and (4) of section two of the Finance Act, 1934 (which impose, subject to certain modifications, customs duty on imported hydrocarbon oils used in a refinery) shall cease to have effect, and in lieu thereof the following provisions of this section shall have effect.

(2) Where any dutiable hydrocarbon oils on which customs duty has not been paid are used in a refinery for generating heat, light or power, or for producing gas, the same customs duty shall be charged and me same rebate shall be allowed in respect thereof as would be chargeable or allowable on the importation of the like oils:

Provided that the duty shall not be charged under this subsection—

(a) in respect of oils used for generating heat, light or power where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the heat, light or power is consumed inside the refinery; or

(b) in respect of oils used for producing gas where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the gas is not for use in generating heat, light or power, or that the heat, light or power in the generation of which it is used is consumed inside the refinery.

(3) Nothing in the last preceding subsection shall affect the provisions of subsection (5) of section two of the Finance Act, 1928, as to the charge of duty or allowance of rebate on oils delivered from a refinery, but where it appears to the Commissioners that a refinery is not used primarily for the purpose of subjecting hydrocarbon oils to a process of purification or blending or a process resulting in the conversion thereof into

1945* Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. Ch. 13.

other oils or solid or semi-solid residues, the Commissioners may, notwithstanding anything in the said subsection (5), require that customs duty shall be charged on the removal of such oils to that refinery instead of on their delivery therefrom, and that any rebate allowable shall be allowed accordingly:

Provided that—

(a) where rebate has been allowed under this subsection on the removal of oils to a refinery and those oils are converted in the refinery into light oils, an amount equal to the rebate allowed on so much of those oils as appears to the Commissioners to have been so converted shall be charged on the delivery of the light oils from the refinery for home consumption; and

(b) where any oils are shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been removed from a refinery with respect to which a requirement under this subsection is in force to a refinery with respect to which no such requirement is in force, any customs duty charged on removal to the first mentioned refinery, less any rebate allowed, sfiaU be repaid.

(4) Where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that any indigenous hydrocarbon oils have been delivered to a refinery (not being a refinery with respect to which a requirement under the last preceding subsection is in force) and used therein, except—

(0) for generating heat, light or power for consumption outside the refinery; or

(b) for producing gas for use in generating heat, light or

power for consumption outside the refinery,

the Commissioners shall pay to the occupier of the refinery out of the sums received by them on account of customs duties an amount equal to the duty for the time being chargeable on the importation of the like oils, not being indigenous oils, less the amount of any rebate allowable in respect thereof:

Provided that—

(1) oils shall not be deemed for the purposes of this sub-

section to have been used by reason only that they have been subjected to a process of purification or blending, or to a process resulting in the conversion thereof into other oils or solid or semi-solid residues, or have been wasted in the course of any such process; and

(ii) where oils are used in a refinery in any process which permits the whole or part of the oils to be recovered in a useable state, only the part, if any, of the oils

765

Part I.

—cont.

766

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part I.

• —cont.

not so recovered shall be treated for the purposes of this subsection as having been used; and

(iii) where oils are so used in a refinery that an amount falls to be paid to the occupier of the refinery under this subsection, the amount to be paid shall be computed as if the amount of oils so used included any wastage of the oils occurring in the refinery which, in the opinion of the Commissioners, is properly attributable to the oils so used; and

(iv) in computing the amount payable under this subsection rebate shall be deemed to be allowable in respect of all oils other than such oils as satisfy both of the first two requirements specified in the definition of "light oils " in subsection (3) of section two of the Finance Act, 1928, that is to say the requirement as to distillation at a temperature not exceeding one hundred and eighty-five degrees centigrade and the requirement as to distillation at a temperature not exceeding two hundred and forty degrees centigrade.

(5) It is hereby declared that—

(a) any reference to hydrocarbon oils in section three of

the Finance Act, 1928 (which enables the Commissioners to make regulations) includes a reference to indigenous hydrocarbon oils; and

(b) save in so far as those powers relate only to imported hydrocarbon oils, any of those powers may be exercised either as respects all hydrocarbon oils or any class of hydrocarbon oils, and in particular (but without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provision) either as respects indigenous hydrocarbon oils, or as respects other hydrocarbon oils, or as respects hydrocarbon oils whether indigenous or not; and

(c) the reference in subsection (2) of the said section three to the value of the goods (including duty) includes a reference to the value of goods in respect of which no duty is payable,

and the power of the Commissioners to make regulations under the said section three shall include power—

(i) to prescribe the time and manner in which payments

are to be made under subsection (4) of this section and the proof to be given that the conditions specified in that subsection have been satisfied; and

(ii) to make provision for securing that gas produced in a refinery from dutiable hydrocarbon oils on which customs duty has not been paid or has been

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

767

repaid, or from oils in respect of which a payment Part I. is made under subsection (4) of this section, is not ~ used in generating heat, light or power for consumption outside the refinery.

(6) In this section the expressions " hydrocarbon oils ",

" light oils ’’ and " refinery ’’ have the same meanings as in section two of the Finance Act, 1928, and the expression " indigenous hydrocarbon oils ’’ means hydrocarbon oils which have neither been imported into the United Kingdom nor produced from oils or other materials imported into the United Kingdom.

(7) Any requirement made by the Commissioners under subsection (2) of section two of the Finance Act, 1934, that customs duty shall be charged on the removal of oils to a refinery instead of on delivery therefrom shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to have been a requirement under the corresponding provision thereof.

Spirits.

9.—(1) The Commissioners may make regulations for all or any of the following purposes, that is to say—

(a) for substituting, as respects distillers, for all or any of the provisions of the Spirits Act, 1880, specified in Part I of the Third Schedule to this Act such provisions for securing the duties on spirits and regulating the manufacture of spirits as may be set out in the regulations; and

(b) for relaxing the requirements of section ten of that Act (which provides that a distillery shall not be within a quarter of a mile of a rectifier’s premises),

and as from the date on which regulations made under this subsection first come into operation, the provisions of section forty-six of that Act (which relate to the charging of excise duty on spirits made in a distillery) shall have effect subject to the provisions of Part II of that Schedule:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall—

(i) affect any of the said provisions in their application to rectifiers, dealers or retailers; or

Power to substitute regulations for certain provisions of the Spirits Act, 1880, relating to distillers.

43 & 44 Vict, c. 24.

(ii) affect the powers conferred by subsection (1) of

section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1921, to make n&i2 Geo. 5. regulations with respect to spirits manufactured by c- 32. a process other than the distillation of a fermented liquor.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of or fails to comply with any regulation made under the preceding subsection, he shall for each offence be liable to an excise penalty . of one thousand pounds, and the spirits in respect of which

768

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

Increased penalties for offences under the Spirits Act, 1880.

Cessation of certain allowances in respect of spirits.

48 & 49 Vict, c. 51.

58 & 59 Vict, c. 16.

6 Edw. 7. c. 20.

the offence was committed and any vessels, utensils and materials used for distilling or preparing those spirits shall be forfeited.

(3) Any regulations made under subsection (1) of this section shall be laid before the Commons House of Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if that House within forty days from the date on which any such regulations are laid before it resolves that the regulations be annulled, the regulations shall thereupon cease to have effect but without prejudice to anything previously done or to the making of new regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which the Commons House is adjourned for more than four days.

10. —(1) The fine of five hundred pounds incurred by a person who contravenes section five of the Spirits Act, 1880 (which prohibits distilling, etc., without a licence) as amended by section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1921, shall be increased to a fine of one thousand pounds and accordingly for the words "five hundred " in subsection (2) of the said section five there shall be substituted the words ‘‘one thousand ".

(2) The fine of two hundred pounds incurred under subsection (2) of section one hundred of the Spirits Act, 1880, by a distiller who removes without a permit spirits from approved premises, within two miles from his distillery, on which he carries on the business of a dealer shall be increased to a fine of five hundred pounds, and accordingly in the said subsection (2) for the words "incur the same fine and forfeiture as if the removal had been from his spirit store ’ ’ there shall be substituted the words "for each offence incur a fine of five hundred pounds and the spirits in respect of which the offence is committed shall be forfeited ".

11. As from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-six, no allowance shall be payable—

(a) under section three of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885, in respect of plain British spirits exported from or used in, or spirits in the nature of spirits of wine exported from, or used or deposited in, a customs or excise warehouse; or

(b) under section six of the Finance Act, 1895, in respect of spirits used for methylation which are removed from a place of methylation and exported; or

(c) under section one of the Revenue Act, 1906, in respect of spirits (including methylic alcohol) used by an authorised methylator or received by any person for

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

769

use in any art or manufacture under section eight of the Finance Act, 1902; or

(d) under section three of the Revenue Act, 1906, in respect of spirits of wine exported direct from the premises of a person licensed to rectify or compound spirits,

and the enactments specified in Part III of the Third Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect any allowance in respect of plain British spirits exported from a customs or excise warehouse where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the whole of the spirits were warehoused before the said date, or any allowance in respect of any other spirits where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the whole of the spirits were distilled before the said date.

12. After paragraph 3 of the " provisions applicable to manufacturers’ licences " in the First Schedule to the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910 (which provides, amongst other things, for an excise duty on distillers' licences by reference to the amount of spirits distilled in the preceding year, subject to a minimum of ten pounds) there shall be inserted the following paragraph: —

" 3A. In the case of a licence granted to a distiller of spirits on or after the first day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-six, there shall be left out of account in determining the duty thereon all spirits shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been directly delivered out of the distiller's store or the distiller's warehouse—

(a) for use in any art or manufacture so as to be exempt

from duty by virtue of section eight of the Finance Act, 1902; or

(b) for methylation; or

(c) at a strength exceeding sixty degrees over proof, for

exportation or for use as ship's stores,

and in determining the amount of spirits so delivered there shall be included the amount of any wastage thereof which is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have occurred in the distiller's store or the distiller’s warehouse:

Provided that the duty shall in the first place be charged, levied and paid as if the reference in this paragraph to spirits delivered for the purposes therein mentioned were a reference to spirits so delivered before the end of the preceding year, and the amount of the duty shall be subsequently adjusted where spirits are delivered as aforesaid after the end of the preceding year."

3 C

Part I. —coni.

2 Edw. 7. c. 7.

Reduction of distiller's licence duty in certain cases. 10 Edw. 7 &

1 Geo. 5. c. 8.

Ch. 13. Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Release of Imported .

13.—(1) Where it is impracticable immediately to ascertain whether any or what customs duty is payable in respect of any goods, the Commissioners may, ii they think fit, upon file making of an entry of the goods for home consumption and upon the giving by the importer or his agent of security for payment of the duty by deposit of money or otherwise to their satisfaction, allow the goods to be delivered.

(2) The Commissioners may treat an entry made for the purposes of the preceding subsection as a perfect entry if it contains all such particulars required for perfect entry as are then known to the importer or his agent, and in that event the importer or his agent shall supply the remaining particulars as soon as may be to the Commissioners.

(3) Where goods are allowed to be delivered under this section, the Commissioners shall, when they have determined the amount of duty which in their opinion is payable, give to the importer or ms agent a notice specifying that amount, and that amount shall, subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, be deemed to be the proper duty payable, and, where a deposit has been made under subsection

(1) of this section, such additional amount shall be paid, or such amount shall be repaid, as may be required.

39 & 49 Vict. (4) Sections thirty and thirty-one of the Customs Consoli-c* 36* dation Act, 1876 (which relate to disputes respecting duties

of customs) shall (both as originally enacted and as applied by any subsequent enactment) apply in relation to the amount specified in such a notice as aforesaid as if, on the date of the notice, the goods had been delivered under the said section thirty on deposit of the said amount:

Provided that where no amount has been deposited under subsection (1) of this section or the amount deposited thereunder is less than the amount specified in the notice, it shall not be competent for proceedings to be commenced in accordance with the said section thirty to ascertain whether any or what duty is payable on the goods until the amount specified in the notice, or the difference between that amount and the amount so deposited, as the case may be, has been paid, and no interest snail be allowed under the said section thirty-one in respect of any period before the said amount or the said difference, as the case may be, is paid.

(5) Where goods which have been delivered out of a warehouse for removal under bond to be rewarehoused are delivered under this section without having been rewarehoused, the duty to be paid on the goods shall, notwith-r>3 & 64 Vict, standing anything in section nine of the Finance Act, 1900 c* 7> (which, as amended by section three of the Finance Act,

77 o

Part I.

—cont.

Release of

imported

goods.

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

771

1911, provides that the duty to be paid shall be the duty Part i.

chargeable at the date on which duty is paid) be the duty "

chargeable on the date on which security is given under this c 4g 2 5* section.

14. —(1) The reference to enactments relating to Customs Purchase tax: generally in subsection (1) of section eleven of the Finance provisions as Act, 1944 (which provides that such enactments are to have *£custonw °n effect, subject to the provisions of that section, in relation to enactments to imported goods that are chargeable goods for the purposes imported

of purchase tax) shall include a reference to any such enact- chargeable ment passed or made after the passing of the Financefjg 6 Act, 1944, unless the contrary intention appears. I 23

(2) Subsection (4) of the last preceding section shall, in its application as respects purchase tax by virtue of subsection (1) of section eleven of the Finance Act, 1944, be limited as follows, that is to say, that, so far as regards any question as to the wholesale value of goods, subsections (2) and (3) of section twenty-one of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 (which 3 & 4 Geo. 6. relate to the determination by arbitration of any such question c- 48> and to the deposit of tax pending a reference to arbitration) shall have effect to the exclusion of sections thirty and thirty-one of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

Part II.

Income Tax.

15. —(1) Income tax for the year 1946-47 shall be charged Income tax at the standard rate of nine shillings in the pound, and, in for 1946-47-the case of an individual whose total income exceeds two thousand pounds, shall be charged in respect of the excess at

rates in the pound which respectively exceed the standard rate by the amounts specified in the second column of the following Table: —

Table.

For every pound of— s. d.

the first five hundred pounds of the excess 2 0

the next five hundred pounds of the excess 2 6

the next one thousand pounds of the excess 3 6

the next one thousand pounds of the excess 4 6

the next one thousand pounds of the excess 5 6

the next two thousand pounds of the excess 6 6

the next two thousand pounds of the excess 7 6

the next two thousand pounds of the excess 8 6

the next three thousand pounds of the excess 9 6 the next five thousand pounds of the excess 10 o the remainder of the excess 10 6

(2) All such enactments as had effect with respect to the

income tax charged for the year 1945-46, other than such

enactments as by their terms relate only to tax for that year,

3 C 2

772 Ch. 13. Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part ii. shall have effect with respect to the income tax charged for —cont. the year 1946-47.

Higher rates of 15. Income tax for the year 1945-46 shall be charged ,or at rates exceeding the standard rate in the case of individuals 4 4 whose total incomes exceed two thousand pounds and in respect of the excess of their total incomes over that sum; ana the said rates shall be rates in the pound which respectively exceed the standard rate for the year 1945-46 by the amounts specified in the second column of the Table in subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940.

increase of 17.—(1) Subsection (2) of section forty of the Finance

certain reliefs Act, 1927 (which, as amended by subsequent enactments, cmVsub-47 provides for the reduction of the tax remaining chargeable sequent years, after the allowance of other reliefs by a sum equal to seven-17 & 18 Geo. 5, twentieths of the amount so remaining chargeable or seven-c. 10. twentieths of the tax on one hundred and sixty-five pounds,

whichever is the less) shall, as respects the year 1946-47 and all subsequent years of assessment, have effect as if the words—

" equal—

(a) where the amount so remaining chargeable does not exceed the tax at the standard rate on fifty pounds, to two-thirds of that amount; and

(b) where that amount exceeds the tax at the standard rate on fifty pounds, to two-thirds of the tax at the standard rate on fifty pounds plus—

(i) one-third of the excess; or

(ii) one-third of the tax at the standard rate on seventy-five pounds,

whichever is the less: " were substituted for the words "equal to seven-twentieths of the amount so remaining chargeable or equal to seven-twentieths the tax at the standard rate on one hundred and sixty-five pounds, whichever is the less."

(2) Section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1920 (which, as amended by subsequent enactments, provides, in the case of married persons, for a deduction of tax on one hundred and forty pounds, and, in the case of single persons, for a deduction of tax on eighty pounds) shall, as respects the year 1946-47 and all subsequent years of assessment, have effect as if—

(a) the words " one hundred and eighty pounds " were substituted for the words "one hundred and forty pounds "; and

(b) in subsection (1) thereof, the words "one hundred and ten pounds " were substituted for the words " eighty pounds ".

1945-

Ch. 13.

77 3

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

(3) Section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1935 (which, as Part ii. amended by subsequent enactments, exempts from tax

incomes not exceeding one hundred and ten pounds and limits 25 2 °' 5‘

the tax on incomes exceeding one hundred and ten pounds ' 4* but less than one hundred and thirty-three pounds to three-quarters of the excess) shall, as respects the year 1946-47 and all subsequent years of assessment, have effect as if—

(a) the words "one hundred and twenty pounds " were substituted for the words "one hundred and ten pounds " in both places where they occur; and

(b) the words " one hundred and thirty-five pounds " were substituted for the words "one hundred and thirty-three pounds and

(c) tile words " one-quarter " were substituted for the words "three-quarters ".

(4) Section seven of the Finance Act, 1941 (which provides 4 & 5 Geo. 6. for the crediting, after the war, of certain amounts of income c. 30.

tax) shall not apply to tax for the year 1946-47 or any subsequent year of assessment.

18. In Part IV of the Finance Act, 1944 (which relates to Appointed day allowances for expenditure on scientific research) and in the *?.r Part *v of Income Tax Act, 1945, the expression " the appointed day " jo^and C ’ means the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty- income Tax six, and the definitions of that expression in subsection (1) Act, 1945.

of section thirty-one of the Finance Act, 1944, and subsec- 8 & 9 G«o. 6. tion (1) of section sixty-eight of the Income Tax Act, 1945, c' 32, are hereby repealed.

19. Section eleven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939 (which Extension to grants relief in respect of diminution of earned income owing 1945-46 of to circumstances directly or indirectly connected with the

present war) shall apply m relation to tax for the year 1945-46 (No. a^Act, as it applied in relation to tax for the year 1939-40, with the 1939. adaptation that references to the year 1939-40 shall be con- 2*3 Geo. 6. strued as references to the year 1945-46 and references to the c- IQ9-year 1938-39 shall be construed as references to the year 1944-45* 20

20. —(1) The amendments of section twenty-five of the Tax free Finance Act, 1941, specified in this section shall have effect annuities- etc-for the purpose of rendering the said section twenty-five

(which provides for a reduction of tax free annuities, etc., in years of assessment where the standard rate of income tax is ten shillings in the pound) applicable with modifications to all years of assessment for which the standard rate of income tax is over five shillings and sixpence in the pound.

774

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6-

Part II.

—cont.

Application of Rules 19 and 21 of the General Rules to interest, etc., payable by local authorities.

(2) In subsection (1) of the said section twenty-five, for the words "is ten shillings " there shall be substituted the words "exceeds five shillings and six pence."

(3) For the words " twenty twenty-ninths " wherever they occur in the said section twenty-five there shall be substituted the words "the appropriate fraction "; and at the end of the said section twenty-five there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (6) In this section, the expression the appropriate fraction ' means, in relation to any year of assessment, the fraction the denominator of which is twenty-nine and the numerator of which is twenty-nine decreased by one for every complete sixpence in the pound by which the standard rate of income tax for the year exceeds five shillings and six pence in the pound."

(a) In sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (6) of subsection (4) of the said section twenty-five, for the words " ten shillings in the pound " there should be substituted the words " the standard rate of tax for the year of assessment in which the payment falls to be made."

(5) Nothing in this section affects any payments falling to be made before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-one.

21,—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in determining for the purpose of Rules 19 and 21 of the General Rules whether any sum payable by a local authority is payable wholly out of profits or gains brought into charge to tax, all profits or gains of the authority for the year of assessment in question shall, notwithstanding any restriction imposed by law upon the application of moneys belonging to the authority, be treated as being available for the payment of any sums to which those Rules apply which fall to be paid by the authority. 2 3

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, where, in any year of assessment, a local authority occupy any land and any tax for that year under Schedule A in respect thereof is, or apart from the said Rules would be, ultimately borne by them, there shall be deemed for the purposes of those Rules to be available to them for that year for the payment of any sums to which those Rules apply which fall to be paid by them an amount equal to the net amount on which tax is or would be borne by them as aforesaid.

(3) Where any sum—

(a) has been or is to be reimbursed to a local authority by the Crown or by any other person; or

I945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

775

(b) is taken into account in computing a deficiency which Part ii. the Crown or any other person is under a legal —cont. obligation to make good to a local authority; or

(c) is charged to capital,

profits or gains which, apart from the provisions of this section, would not have been treated as available for the payment of that sum shall not be so treated by virtue of this section:

Provided that where any sum taken into account in computing such a deficiency as aforesaid exceeds the amount of the deficiency, this subsection shall not prevent profits or gains from being treated as available for the payment of the excess.

(4) In this section, the expression " local authority "—

(a) in relation to England, means any authority being,

within the meaning of the Local Loans Act, 1875, an 38 & 39 Vict, authority having power to levy a rate, and includes c- 83-any joint board or joint committee all the constituent members of which are such authorities as aforesaid;

(b) in relation to Scotland, means any county council, town council, or district council, or any other authority within the meaning of the Local Authori- 54 & 55 Vict, ties Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, and includes anyc- 34-

joint board or joint committee which is appointed under any enactment, order or scheme, and of which all the constituent authorities are such local authorities as aforesaid; and

(c) in relation to Northern Ireland, means the council of any county, county or other borough, urban or rural district, a board of guardians, the commissioners of a town, an education authority, and any committee or board appointed wholly or partly by a county or district council or board of guardians, or by several such councils or boards jointly:

Provided that, for the purposes of this section the Mayor and commonalty and citizens of the City of London and the Common Council of the City of London shall be deemed to be one local authority.

(5) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as respects the year 1944-45 and all subsequent years of assessment.

(6) Rule 6 of the Miscellaneous Rules applicable to Schedule D (which provides for charging the proper officer with the tax payable on any interest of money charged on any rates or assessments not chargeable as profits) is hereby repealed.

776

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part II.

—cont. Amendments as to carrying forward of losses.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 22.

1 &2 Geo. 6. c. 46.

22.—(1) Section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1926 (which authorises the carrying forward of losses sustained by a person in any trade, profession or vocation, and the deduction or setting off of those losses from or against the amount of profits or gains on which he is assessed under Schedule D in respect of that trade, profession or vocation for the six following years of assessment), and any other enactment extending, amending or applying the said section thirty-three, shall, in its application to any case in which the six following years of assessment include any of the relevant years as hereinafter defined, have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if for any reference to the six following years there were substituted a reference to those six years plus such number of the years of assessment immediately succeeding those six years as is equal to the number of the relevant years which are subsequent to the year in which the loss was sustained.

For the purposes of this subsection, the relevant years are the year 1939-40 and every subsequent year of assessment up to and including the year 1945-46.

(2) Where, in any year of assessment, relief cannot be given, or cannot be wholly given, in respect of a loss carried forward under the said section thirty-three because the amount of the profits or gains of the trade assessed under Case I of Schedule D for that year is insufficient, any interest or dividends on investments arising in that year, being interest or dividends which would fall to be taken into account as trading receipts in computing the profits or gains of the trade for the purpose of assessment under that Case but for the fact that they have been subjected to tax under other provisions of the Income Tax Acts, shall be treated for the purposes of the application of the said section thirty-three as if they were profits or gains on which the person carrying on the trade was assessed under the said Case I in respect of that trade for that year of assessment, and relief shall be given accordingly by repayment or otherwise:

Provided that, for the purpose of determining whether any, and, if so, what, relief can be given under this subsection for any year of assessment, the loss which may be carried forward under the said section thirty-three shall be computed in the case of life assurance business or capital redemption business (as defined for the purposes of section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1938) as if it were being computed for the purpose of setting it off against the profits of another business carried on by the same person. 3

(3) Any dispute as to whether any, and, if so, what, relief can be given under the last preceding subsection for any year

1945-

Finance {No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

777

of assessment shall be heard and determined by the Commis- Part ii. sioners concerned in like manner as in the case of an appeal —coni. against an assessment under Case I of Schedule D in respect of the trade in question, and the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to the statement of a case for the opinion of the High Court on a point of law shall apply.

23. War gratuities paid in respect of service in connection War with the present war either— gratuities.

(a) under any Order in Council, Royal Warrant, King's Order, Army Order or Air Ministry Order to members of the armed forces of the Crown or any of the women specified in the First Schedule to the Disabled Persons (Employment) Act, 1944; or 7&8 Geo.6.

c. 10.

(6) under arrangements certified by the Treasury to be arrangements providing similar benefits to members of the armed forces of the Crown raised outside the United Kingdom to whom paragraph (a) of this section does not apply or to women employed in or in connection with any such armed forces; or

(c) under arrangements certified by the Treasury to be arrangements providing similar benefits to—

(i) special constables appointed under the

Special Constables Act, 1831, or section one Will. 4. hundred and ninety-six of the Municipal Corpora- c-tions Act, 1882, or under section ninety-six of the45 46 Vict* Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, as amended 57 vict> or extended by any subsequent enactment or any c. 25. similar provision contained in a local Act, or members of the Police War Reserve, the Women's Auxiliary Police Corps or the Police Auxiliary Messenger Service; or

(ii) members of the National Fire Service, the Auxiliary Fire Service or the fire brigade of a local authority; or

(iii) members of the Civil Defence Reserve or the civil defence ambulance, decontamination, first aid party, first aid post, messenger, report and control, rescue or wardens' services; or

(iv) members of the fireguard service; or

(v) members of the Royal Observer Corps; or

(vi) members of the Auxiliary Coastguard; or

(vii) persons in Northern Ireland similar to any of the persons specified in any of the preceding sub-paragraphs; or

778

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part II. —coni.

Treatment of

certain

payments

made under

redundancy

schemes.

Ch. 13.

(viii) employees of the Navy, Army and Air Force Institutes serving with the Royal Navy or in the Royal Army Service Corps Expeditionary Force Institutes or in the Auxiliary Territorial Service Expeditionary Force Institutes; or

(ix) employees of the War Organisation of the British Red Cross Society and Order of St. John of Jerusalem certified by the Treasury to be employed on conditions of service analogous to those of any of the persons specified in any of the preceding sub-paragraphs,

shall not be regarded as income for any of the purposes of the Income Tax Acts for any year of assessment, including a year of assessment before the year 1945-46.

24.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where under any scheme which is for the time being certified or has at any time been certified by the Board of Trade under section twenty-five of the Finance Act, 1935 (which provides for the deduction, in computing the profits or gains of a trade, of contributions paid under redundancy schemes which are certified under that section), any pavment is made, on or after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, to a person carrying on a trade to which the scheme relates, that payment shall be treated for the purposes of the Income Tax Acts as a trading receipt of the trade, and shall accordingly be taken into account in computing the profits or gains of the trade for those purposes.

(2) Where it is shown in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the Fourth Schedule to this Act that the payments which, on or after the said date, have been made under such a scheme in respect of a trade, have been made wholly or partly in respect of damage in respect of which no relief may be given under the Income Tax Acts, then, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of that Schedule, relief shall be given in respect of those payments by reducing the amounts which are to be treated as trading receipts of the trade under the preceding subsection, but, where such relief is given, the said section twenty-five shall, in relation to contributions subsequently paid under the scheme in respect of the trade, have effect subject to the modifications specified in Part III of that Schedule. 3

(3) The provisions of this section and of the said Schedule shall apply in relation to any payment made to a person who has ceased to carry on a trade to which any such scheme as aforesaid relates as they apply in relation to payments made to a person carrying on such a trade, subject to the modification that so much of that payment as falls to be treated

1945- Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. Ch. 13.

as a trading receipt by virtue of the said provisions shall be deemed for the purposes of those provisions to have been made to him on the last day on which he was engaged in carrying on the trade.

(4) In determining, for the purposes of this section and of the said Schedule—

(a) whether any trade has ceased to be carried on; or

(b) whether any contribution is paid in respect of a trade in respect of which a payment has been made; or

(c) whether any payment is made in respect of a trade in respect of which a contribution has been paid,

no regard shall be had to any event which, by virtue of any of the provisions of Rule 11 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D, is to be treated as effecting a discontinuance of a trade.

(5) In this section and in the said Schedule, the expression " payment " does not include a payment made by way of repayment of contributions.

25.—(1) Where any certificate granted with respect to a Effect of scheme under section twenty-five of the Finance Act, 1935, is cancelled by the Board of Trade after the passing of this granted under Act, and any deductible contributions paid in furtherance of Finance Act, the scheme have not been repaid at the expiration of one 1935.s- 25-year from the cancellation, the body of persons carrying out the scheme shall, for the year of assessment in which the said year expires, be charged to income tax under Case VI of Schedule D upon the aggregate amount of the deductible contributions which have not been repaid at that time:

Provided that the charge shall not be made if the total amount of any contributions, other than deductible contributions, which have been paid under the scheme and have not been repaid before that time is greater than the available resources of the scheme, and shall not in any case be made upon an amount greater than the excess, if any, of those resources over that total amount.

In this subsection the expression " available resources ", in relation to any scheme, means a sum representing the total funds held for the purposes of the scheme at the expiration of one year from the cancellation of the certificate plus a sum representing any funds held for the purposes of the scheme which, during that year, have been applied otherwise than in accordance with the provisions of the scheme as in force when the certificate was granted. 2

(2) Where the body of persons carrying out a scheme are charged to income tax by virtue of the preceding subsection.

779

Part II.

—cont.

780

Ch. 13.

Finance {No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6

Part II.

—cont.

Statutory

redundancy

schemes

and, after the expiration of the said year, any deductible contribution paid in furtherance of the scheme is repaid, the amount upon which the charge is made shall be reduced by the amount repaid, and all such repayments of tax shall be made as are necessary to give effect to the provisions of this subsection.

(3) In this section, the expression " contribution " includes a part of a contribution, and the expression " deductible contribution" means a contribution allowed to be deducted under the said section twenty-five, any reduction thereof under Part III of the Fourth Schedule to this Act being left out of account.

(4) Subsection (5) of the said section twenty-five (which relates to the order in which contributions are to be deemed to be repaid) shall have effect for the purposes of this section as it has effect for the purposes of that section.

26.—(1) The following provisions, that is to say—

(a) subsections (4) and (5) of section twenty-five of the Finance Act, 1935 (which provide, in relation to schemes certified under that section, that deductions made for contributions shall be treated as unauthorised deductions if the contributions are repaid); and

(b) the two last preceding sections of this Act and the Fourth Schedule to this Act,

shall, subject to the adaptations specified in subsection (2) of this section, apply in relation to a statutory redundancy scheme as they apply in relation to a scheme certified under the said section twenty-five.

(2) The said adaptations are as follows, that is to say—

(a) for any reference to a contribution allowed to be deducted under the said section twenty-five there shall be substituted a reference to a contribution allowed to be deducted under any of the provisions of the Income Tax Acts;

(b) any provision that the said section twenty-five shall, in relation to contributions, have effect subject to modifications, shall be construed as a provision that so much of the Income Tax Acts as authorises the deduction of contributions shall, in relation to the contributions in question, have effect subject to the modifications in question;

1945- Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. Ch. 13. 781

(c) for any reference to the cancellation of a certificate Part II. with respect to a scheme there shall be substituted a —cont. reference to the scheme ceasing to have effect; and

(d) for any reference to the provisions of the scheme as in force when the certificate was granted there shall be substituted a reference to the provisions of the scheme as in force when contributions were first paid thereunder.

(3) In this section the expression " a statutory redundancy scheme" means a scheme for the elimination or reduction of redundant works, machinery or plant, or for other similar purposes, to which effect is given by or under any Act (whether passed before or after this Act).

27. —(1) Where any adjustment is made of the liability of Adjustment of any person to excess profits tax or the national defence con- liability to tribution, any consequential adjustment of the liability ofmcome that or any other person to income tax (including surtax) for ^j^tments any year of assessment may be made, whether by way of of excess additional assessment, repayment of tax or otherwise, not-profits tax or withstanding that the time limited by the Income Tax Acts for national the making of assessments or claims for repayment of tax has ^bution°n" expired.

(2) Section forty-one of the Finance Act, 1927 (which contains provisions with respect to the making and determination of claims) shall apply in relation to claims for relief from income tax (other than surtax) consequential on any adjustment as respects excess profits tax or the national defence contribution as it applies in relation to claims for deductions of tax under section forty of that Act:

Provided that any such claim to which objection is made shall, if the claimant so elects when he makes the claim, be heard and determined by the Special Commissioners, and subsection (2) of the said section forty-one shall have effect accordingly. 28

28. If a person delivers to any surveyor a list, declaration incorrect or statement on a form prepared for the purpose by direction returns, of the Commissioners 01 Inland Revenue, he shall be deemed

for the purposes of section one hundred and seven of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which, amongst other things, provides 8 & 9 Geo. 5. a penalty for certain incorrect returns) to have been required c- 4°* by a particular notice under the Income Tax Acts to prepare and deliver that list, declaration or statement, and the time limited for the delivery thereof shall be deemed for the proposes of the said section to have expired on the date of its delivery to the said surveyor.

782

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Reduction of rate of excess profits tax.

3 & 4 Geo. 6.

c. 29.

Part III.

Excess Profits Tax and the National Defence Contribution.

29.—(1) Subsection (1) of section twenty-six of the Finance Act, 1940 (which raises the rate of excess profits tax from sixty per cent, to one hundred per cent, as from the beginning of April, nineteen hundred and forty) shall not apply to any chargeable accounting period beginning on or after the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-six.

(2) For subsection (2) of the said section twenty-six (which contains provisions for securing that deficiencies occurring after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty, shall, so far as possible, be applied to reduce profits arising after the said end of March and that deficiencies occurring before the said end of March shall, so far as possible, be applied to reduce profits arising before the said end of March) there shall be substituted the following subsection—

" (2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section fifteen of the said Act, a deficiency of profits occurring in a chargeable accounting period to which subsection (1) of this section applies shall firat be applied so as to reduce profits chargeable to tax arising in another chargeable accounting period to which the said subsection (1) applies, and a deficiency of profits occurring in a chargeable accounting period to which the said subsection (1) does not apply shall first be applied so as to reduce profits chargeable to tax arising in another chargeable accounting period to which the said subsection (1) does not apply; and where owing to an insufficiency of profits against which the deficiency can be set off for chargeable accounting periods to which the said subsection

(1) applies or, as the case may be, does not apply, the whole or any part of a deficiency is applied otherwise than as aforesaid—

(a) the application shall, either wholly or to such extent as the Commissioners think appropriate, be treated as provisional only; and

(b) if it thereafter appears that there is no longer such an insufficiency as aforesaid, such adjustments shall be made as the Commissioners may direct ";

and, in paragraph 1 of the Fourth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1941, the words ‘ (which contains provisions for securing that deficiencies occurring after the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty, shall, so far as possible, be applied to reduce profits arising after the said end of March and deficiencies occurring before the said end of March shall, so far as possible, be applied to reduce profits arising before the said end of March) shall be omittea.

1945- Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. Ch. 13.

(3) Any excess profits or deficiency of profits occurring for a chargeable accounting period falling partly before and partly after the end of the year nineteen hundred and forty-five shall be apportioned between the part of the period before and the part of the period after the end of the said year, and for the purpose of determining the rate at which excess profits tax is to be charged on any excess profits and of giving relief for deficiencies of profits under the enactments relating to excess profits tax, and for the purposes of section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1941, each of the two parts of the period shall be treated as if it were a separate chargeable accounting period.

In this subsection, the expression " excess profits" means the amount by which the profits for any period exceed the standard profits therefor, and any apportionment required to be made by this subsection shall be made by reference to the number of months or fractions of months in each of the parts of the whole period.

(4) In subsection (4) of section thirty-four of the Finance Act, 1941 (which section relates to the recovery from directors and other persons of expenses for fees or other payments for services disallowed for excess profits tax purposes) for the words "shall be treated as reduced by the sum recovered " there shall be substituted the words "shall be treated as reduced, in the case of the profits, by an amount excess profits tax on which is equal to the sum recovered and, in the case of the liability to excess profits tax, by the sum recovered."

(5) The enactments relating to excess profits tax shall be deemed always to have had effect as amended by this section.

30,—(1) No relief shall be given in respect of any deficiency of profits occurring in any chargeable accounting period beginning on or after the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-seven.

(2) Any deficiency of profits occurring in a chargeable accounting period falling partly before and partly after the end of the .year nineteen hundred and forty-six shall be apportioned between the part of the period before and the part of the period after the end of the said year, and each of the two parts of the period shall be treated for the purpose of relief for deficiencies of profits as if it were a separate chargeable accounting period. 3

(3) Notwithstanding anything, in the preceding provisions of this section, a deficiency of profits occurring in any chargeable accounting period in the case of a trade or busi-

783

Part III.

—cont.

Relief not to be given for deficiencies of profits occurring after end of 1946.

784

Ch. 13.

Part III.

—cont.

Extension of relief for deficiencies of profits where« trader acquires or commences a new trade or partly discontinues a trade.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6

ness carried on by a member of a group of companies may be applied in reducing either—

(a) the profits arising to another member of the group in a chargeable accounting period coterminous with, or falling wholly within, that chargeable accounting period; or

(b) so much of the profits arising to another member of the group in a chargeable accounting period part of which falls in that chargeable accounting period as is apportionable to that part.

Expressions used in this subsection have the same meanings as they have in the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940 (which relates to groups of companies).

(4) Any apportionment required to be made by this section of any profits or deficiency of profits for any period shall be made by reference to the number of months or fractions of months m each of the parts of that period.

31.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where either of the following events occurs in relation to a person carrying on a trade or business (hereinafter referred to as " the original trade or business "), that is to say—

(a) that, while continuing to carry on the whole or some part of the original trade or business, or upon ceasing to carry on the original trade or business, he acquires or commences another trade or business; or

(b) that he ceases to carry on part of the original trade or business.

(2) If, in the opinion of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, the trade or business carried on by that person immediately after the event (hereinafter referred to as *' the second trade or business ") is not substantially different in its nature from the original trade or business, the second trade or business shall, if he makes application to the Commissioners for that puroose, be deemed for the purposes of subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Finance (No.2 ) Act, 1939 (which provides for granting relief from excess profits tax in respect of deficiencies of profits) to be a continuation of the original trade or business.

(3) If, in the opinion of the Commissioners, the second trade or business is substantially but not wholly different in its nature from the original trade or business and—

(a) a final deficiency of profits occurs in either trade or business; and

(b) the said person is chargeable to excess profits tax in respect of any profits of the other trade or business, after account has been taken of all such relief as can.

I945-

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

785

apart from the provisions of this and the two next Part ill. following sections, be given in respect of deficiencies —cont. of profits; and

(c) the said person applies to the Commissioners for relief under this subsection,

the profits in respect of which he is so chargeable shall, for the purposes of excess profits tax, be deemed to be reduced by so much of the final deficiency as the Commissioners think just, having regard to the extent to which that deficiency and those profits are respectively attributable to so much of one trade or business as is of the same nature as the whole or some part of the other trade or business.

(4) Where any application is made under this section, the second trade or business shall, for the purposes of subsection

(1) of section eighteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, and of paragraph 2 of Part II of the Seventh Schedule to that Act (which contain provisions with respect to the effect of the grant of relief in respect of deficiencies of profits), be treated as a continuation of the original trade or business, and any relief given under this section shall be treated as having been given in respect of a deficiency of profits occurring in such chargeable accounting period or periods as the Commissioners may determine.

(5) Any relief falling to be given under this section shall be given by repayment or otherwise.

(6) The enactments relating to excess profits tax shall be deemed always to have had effect as amended by this section.

32.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect Extension of where either of the following events occurs in relation to two *elje£.for. or more trades or businesses (hereinafter referred to as " the profiS^nttie constituent concerns "), that is to say— J*se of certain

(a) that the constituent concerns are acquired by a J^gama" partnership which has not previously carried on any ons* trade or business, and the persons by whom the constituent concerns were carried on immediately

before the acquisition are, at the time of the acquisition, all members of the partnership; or

(b) that the constituent concerns are acquired by a company which has not previously carried on any trade or business, and at the time of the acquisition the said persons together beneficially own more than one half of the ordinary share capital of the company.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, if—

(a) throughout any chargeable accounting period of the trade or business carried on by the partnership or

3D

780

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part III.

—cont.

the company, any of the said persons is a member of the partnership or the beneficial owner of ordinary share capital of the company; and

(b) a final deficiency of profits occurs, in relation to that chargeable accounting period, in the trade or business carried on by the partnership or the company; and

(c) that person is chargeable to excess profits tax in respect of the profits of the constituent concern carried on by him, after account has been taken of all such relief as can, apart from the provisions of the last preceding section, this section and the next following section, be given in respect of deficiencies of profits; and

(d) that person applies to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for relief under this section,

the profits in respect of which he is so chargeable shall, for the purposes of excess profits tax, be deemed to be reduced by so much of the final deficiency as the Commissioners think just, having regard to the said person's interest in the partnership or the company.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, if—

(a) throughout any chargeable accounting period of the trade or business carried on by the partnership or the company, any of the said persons is a member of the partnership or the beneficial owner of ordinary share capital of the company; and

(b) a final deficiency of profits has occurred in the constituent concern carried on by that person; and

(c) the profits of the partnership or the company in that chargeable accounting period are, after account has been taken of all such relief as can, apart from the provisions of the last preceding section, this section and the next following section, be given in respect of deficiencies of profits, chargeable to excess profits tax; and

(d) the partnership or the company apply to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for relief under this section,

the final deficiency shall be applied in reducing, for the purposes of excess profits tax, the profits of the partnership or company in that chargeable accounting period to such extent as the Commissioners think just, having regard to the said person's interest in the partnership or the company.

*945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13

787

(4) Any relief falling to be given under this section shall Part III. be given by repayment or otherwise, and where that relief —corn. is relief from excess profits tax chargeable in respect of the

profits of a constituent concern, and is given by repayment, the Commissioners shall take into account any increased sums which would have fallen to be paid in respect of income tax (including surtax) by the person who carried on that concern if the amount repayable apart from this subsection had been profits or gains of a trade carried on by him and as such had been chargeable to income tax (including surtax) for the year of assessment which includes the last day of the chargeable accounting period in which the deficiency in respect of which relief is to be given occurred, and shall reduce the amount of the relief accordingly.

(5) Where one of the constituent concerns was, immediately before the acquisition, carried on by a partnership, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to that concern subject to the following modifications—

(a) a member of that partnership shall be entitled to relief under this section in respect of so much only of any excess profits tax chargeable in respect of the profits of the partnership's trade or business as is appropriate having regard to his interest in the partnership; and

(b) where a final deficiency of profits has occurred in the trade or business carried on by that partnership, then, for the purposes of this section, there shall be attributed to each member of the partnership so much only of that final deficiency as is appropriate having regard to his interest in the partnership.

(6) The question whether any and if so what final deficiency of profits has occurred in relation to any chargeable accounting period shall be determined for the purposes of this section by the Commissioners.

(7) The enactments relating to excess profits tax shall be deemed always to have had effect as amended by this section.

33.—(1) Any person aggrieved by a determination of the Supplementary Commissioners of Inland Revenue on an application under protons as the provisions of the last two preceding sections may appeal deficiencies' to the Board of Referees. of profits. 2

(2) Where an application has been made to the Commissioners for relief under the provisions of the last two preceding sections, the Commissioners may, pending an ascertainment

3D2

788

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part III. —cont.

whether relief falls to be given on the application, if they are satisfied that the circumstances are such that it is likely that relief will fall to be given thereon, grant such relief as they think fit, but any relief so granted shall be provisional only, and shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as the Commissioners may direct, and shall be finally adjusted when it is ascertained whether any and if so what relief falls to be given upon the application.

(3) In the last two preceding sections the expression " final deficiency of profits "means, when used in relation to a particular chargeable accounting period, so much of any deficiency of profits which has occurred in that chargeable accounting period in relation to the trade or business in question as cannot be applied in reducing profits under the provisions of subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, or of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 6 of Part IV of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940, and, save as aforesaid, means the aggregate amount of all deficiencies of profits which have occurred in the trade or business in question in all chargeable accounting periods ending on or before the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-six, minus so much of those deficiencies as, under the said provisions, has been or can be applied in reducing profits.

(4) Subsection (2) of section twenty-six of the Finance Act, 1940, subsection (4) of section thirty-two of the Finance Act, 1944, and subsection (3) of section five of the Finance Act, 1945 (which relate to the order in which deficiencies of profits are to be applied) and the first two sections of this Part of this Act shall have effect with respect to the grant of relief under the provisions of the last two preceding sections as they have effect with respect to the grant of relief under section fifteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

(5) Where two or more applications are made under the provisions of the last two preceding sections in respect of the same deficiency of profits, the applications shall be treated as numbered in the order in which the events giving rise to the applications respectively occurred, and so much only of the deficiency as remains after the first application has been disposed of shall be available for the granting of relief on the second application, and so on. 6

(6) Where two or more events occur which, under the pro-

visions of the last two preceding sections, entitle a person to

relief in respect of the same profits, any applications for relief

in respect of those events shall be treated as numbered in

the order in which the events giving rise to the applications

respectively occurred, and for the purpose of me second

*945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

789

application, the profits in respect of which relief is claimed shall be treated as being such only as remain after the first application has been disposed of, and so on.

34.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the enactments relating to the computation of profits for the purposes of excess profits tax and the national defence contribution, where, on or after the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-five, the Board of Trade certify a scheme under section twenty-five of the Finance Act, 1935 (which provides for the deduction in computing the profits or gains of a trade of contributions paid under schemes which are certified under that section), then, in computing the profits arising from any trade or business for the purposes of excess profits tax or the national defence contribution—

(a) no contribution paid in furtherance of the scheme shall be allowed to be deducted; and

(b) no payment made under the scheme shall be taken into account as a trading receipt.

(2) This section shall apply in relation to schemes for the elimination or reduction 01 redundant works, machinery or

Elant, or for other similar purposes, to which effect is given y or under any Act (whether passed before or after this Act) as it applies in relation to schemes certified by the Board of Trade under the said section twenty-five on or after the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

(3) The enactments relating to excess profits tax and the national defence contribution shall be deemed always to have had effect as amended by this section.

35.—(1) So much of any provision of the enactments relating to excess profits tax and the national defence contribution as limits the time for the making of assessments to six years from the end of the chargeable accounting period in respect of which the assessment is made shall not have effect, ana such assessments may be made at any time, as the case may require, unless and until Parliament otherwise determines.

(2) The provisions of section twenty-four of the Finance Act, 1923 (which provide for relief from income tax in respect of errors or mistakes in returns or statements made for the purposes of tax under Schedule D) shall, as set out with adaptations in the Fifth Schedule to this Act, apply in relation to assessments to excess profits tax or to the national defence contribution. 36

36. The provisions of Part IV of the Finance Act, 1944 (which provide for allowances for income tax purposes in

Part III.

—cont.

Treatment of certain contributions and other payments made under redundancy schemes.

Extension of time for making assessments to excess profits tax and the national defence contribution, and relief in cases of error or mistake.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 14.

Research

expenditure.

79°

Ch. 13.

Finance [No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part III.

--COM/.

Application of certain provisions as to losses to the national defence contribution. 1 Edw. 8.

& 1 Geo. 6. c. 54.

Time for repayment of post-war refunds.

Refunds to be used for purposes of trade or business.

respect of expenditure incurred on scientific research in connection with any trade) shall not. apply for the purposes of excess profits tax or the national defence contribution.

37. The provisions of subsection (1) of section twenty-two of this Act extending; in certain cases, the period for the carrying forward of losses shall have effect for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of the Fourth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1937 (which relates to the carrying forward of losses for the purposes of the national defence contribution) as well as for the purposes of income tax.

Part IV.

Excess Profits Tax Post-War Refunds

Date of payment.

38. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the sums payable under subsection (1) of section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1941, as amended by section thirty-seven of the Finance Act, 1942 (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as " post-war refunds ") shall be paid as soon as may be after the final ascertainment and satisfaction of the total liability of the person in question to excess profits tax and the national defence contribution for all relevant chargeable accounting periods:

Provided that, if the Commissioners of Inland Revenue think fit and the requirements of the four next following sections are complied with, they may, before the final ascertainment and satisfaction of the said total liability, make payments on account of any post-war refund which, in their opinion, is likely to be found due.

Conditions for payment.

39.—(1) No post-war refund shall be made to any person unless such undertakings and authorities are given as are specified in the next following section, being undertakings and authorities in connection with the use of the net amount of the refund for the purposes of a specified trade or business, being such a trade or business as is mentioned in subsection

(2) of this section:

Provided that undertakings and authorities may be. given as aforesaid in connection with the use of part only of the said amount and shall, if so given, operate to authorise the payment of a corresponding part of the refund, and references in this and the three next following sections to the refund and the net amount of the refund shall be construed accordingly.

79i

1945- Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. Ch. 13.

(2) A trade or business may be specified under subsection Part iv.

(1) of this section if it is either— —cont.

(a) the original trade or business; or

(b) a trade or business carried on or to be carried on by the person who carried on the original trade or business in the relevant chargeable accounting periods, or, where that person is an individual, by him or by a relative of his; or

(c) a trade or business in which the said person, or, where the said person is an individual, he or a. relative of his, has or is to have an interest which is substantial in relation to the size of the trade or business:

Provided that in considering whether the interest of a person in a trade or business is substantial, any interest acquired by or for him in consideration of the making over, to the persons who are carrying on or are to carry on that trade or business, of the whole or any part of the post-war refund in question shall be left out of account.

In this subsection, the expression " a relative '* means, in relation to a person, that person's husband or wife, or a son, daughter, brother or sister of that person or of that person's husband or wife or deceased husband or deceased wife, and for the purposes of this definition the expressions " son " and " daughter " include an adopted son or adopted daughter (whether adopted under the Adoption of Children Act, 1926, 16 & 17 Geo. 5. or under the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, or c- 29-otherwise) and an illegitimate son or illegitimate daughter, Gco*5-

and the expressions " brother " and " sister " include a half- c‘ 37‘ brother or half-sister.

(3) A trade or business shall be treated for the purposes of this and the three next following sections as continuing to be the same trade or business notwithstanding any change in the persons carrying it on.

40.—(1) Where the trade or business specified under Undertakings subsection (1) of the last preceding section is or is to beaij<j carried on by the person to whom the post-war refund is^vecn>m paid, and is not, or, as the case may be, is not to be, carried 8 on by him in partnership with any other person, the undertakings shall comprise an undertaking by him that—

(a) the net amount of the refund will be used in developing or re-equipping the trade or business and, until so used, will be so dealt with as to remain available for use, when required, in developing or re-equipping the trade or business; and

792

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

Effect of breach of undertakings, etc.

(6) without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provision, any part of the said net amount which is not so used shall not be directly or indirectly distributed by way of dividend or cash bonus or capitalized for the purpose of issuing bonus shares or debentures or releasing any liability for uncalled share capital or applied, whether by way of remuneration, drawings, loans or otherwise, for the benefit of partners, shareholders or proprietors.

(2) In any other case, the undertakings shall comprise—

(a) an undertaking by the person to whom the post-war refund is paid mat the net amount of the refund will be made over to the person carrying on the specified trade or business; and

(b) such undertakings as are mentioned in the preceding subsection by the person to whom the said net amount is to be made over.

(3) Where any such undertakings are given, every person who gives any of the undertakings shall, in addition—

(a) give an undertaking to furnish, on the demand of the

Treasury, or the advisory panel or referee hereinafter mentioned, to any person authorised by the Treasury, the said panel or the said referee, as the case may be, such accounts or other information as may be specified in the demand, being accounts or information required for the purpose of establishing how the said net amount has been dealt with;

(b) give to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue an authority (which shall be irrevocable) to disclose for the said purpose any documents or other information in their possession to the Treasury or the said p^nel or the said referee or any person authorised by them as aforesaid respectively.

(4) Any undertaking or authority given under any of the preceding provisions of this section by the persons carrying on a trade or business shall be in writing, shall be in such form as may be prescribed by the Treasury and shall, by virtue of this section, be binding on all persons who, at any time within the five years next following the date of the giving of the undertaking, carry on that trade or business either alone or in partnership with any other person.

41.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following section, if—

(a) the whole or any part of the said net amount is dealt with by any person in breach of an undertaking

I945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

793

given by him or which, by virtue of the last preceding section, is binding upon him; or

(b) any breach is committed by any person of an undertaking given by him, or binding on him as aforesaid, to produce documents or information required to be produced in connection with the whole or any part of the said net amount; or

(c) the trade or business specified in any such undertaking as aforesaid is permanently discontinued within the five years next following the date of the giving of the undertaking, and, at the date of the discontinuance, the whole or any part of the said net amount has not been used for developing or reequipping the trade or business,

the said net amount or that part thereof, as the case may be, shall be recoverable from the person who committed the breach of the undertaking or, as the case may be, the person who was carrying on the trade or business immediately before the discontinuance thereof, as a debt due to the Crown:

Provided that no sum shall be recoverable under this subsection by reason of the permanent discontinuance of the trade or business if the like undertakings and authorities are given and approved in connection with the use of that sum as would be required to be given and approved if that sum were the net amount of a post-war refund in respect of the original trade or business payable to the person who was carrying on the specified trade or business immediately before the discontinuance, and the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, and of the next following section shall, with the necessary adaptations, have effect accordingly in relation to those undertakings and authorities, so, however, that the references in the said provisions to the five years next following the date of the giving of the undertaking shall be construed as references to the five years next following the date of the giving of the undertaking given in connection with the original refund.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this subsection, where any sum becomes recoverable under this section from any body corporate by reason of the breach of any undertaking given by or binding on that body corporate, the body corporate and every person who, when the breach was committed, was, or was purporting to act as, a director of the body corporate, shall be jointly and severally liable to the Crown for that sum:

Provided that no person shall be under any liability under this subsection by reason that he was or purported to act as

Part IV. —cent.

794

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

Establishment and duties of advisory panel and referee.

a director of a body corporate if he proves that the breach in question was committed without his knowledge or against his will and that, in either case, he exercised all due diligence to prevent the commission of the breach.

42.—(1) The Treasury may appoint—

(a) an advisory panel consisting of such persons as the Treasury think fit; and

(b) a referee,

to exercise such functions as are specified in this section in relation to them respectively.

(2) Where—

(a) the whole or any part of the net amount of a refund is not to be paid to the person who carried on the original trade or business in the relevant chargeable accounting periods, or is not to be used for the purposes of the original trade or business; or

(b) there has, since the end of the relevant chargeable accounting periods, been any change in the persons by whom the original trade or business is carried on,

no refund shall be paid unless the undertakings and authorities required in relation to the payment thereof under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act are approved by the advisory panel, and, without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provision, the panel shall not, where the said net amount is, under the undertakings, to be made over to any other person by the person to whom the refund is made, approve the undertakings and authorities unless they are satisfied that the terms on which the amount is to be made over are proper having regard to the provisions of this Part of this Act.

(3) It shall be the duty of the advisory panel, in such cases and at such times as they think fit, to enquire how the net amount of any post-war refund has been dealt with, and, if, in the opinion of the panel, any part of the said net amount has, under the last preceding section, become due to the Crown, to report to the Treasury accordingly, and no sum shall be so recoverable unless the panel have so reported in respect thereof.

(4) Any person aggrieved by any refusal of the panel to approve any undertakings and authorities or t>y any report of the panel under this section may, within such time and in such manner as the Treasury may prescribe, appeal to the referee.

(5) On any such appeal the referee shall give to the appellant and to the Treasury an opportunity of being heard,

*945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

795

and shall hear such evidence, on oath or otherwise, as the appellant and the Treasury desire to put before him, and shall, after such further inquiry, if any, as he thinks fit, decide the question, and his decision on any matters arising on the appeal shall be final and conclusive for all purposes:

Provided that where proceedings are brought in any court for the recovery of any sum from a person on the ground that, when a breach of an undertaking was committed by a body corporate, he was or purported to act as a director of that body corporate, nothing in this subsection shall preclude that person from contending in those proceedings that the breach was committed without his knowledge or against his will and that he exercised all due diligence to prevent the commission of the breach.

Income Tax.

43, Subject to the provisions of the two next following sections, income tax shall be charged for the year 1946-47 on all sums paid as, or on account of, post-war refunds, whenever those sums are paid, and shall be so charged by deduction of tax at the standard rate for that year, and any sums so paid shall be deemed to be income for all the purposes of the Income Tax Acts.

44. —(1) Where a post-war refund is paid to an individual, and in the relevant chargeable accounting periods that individual carried on the original trade or business either alone or in partnership with any other person, he may claim that the income tax (including surtax) payable by him by reason of the receipt of the refund shall be reduced to such extent as may be just having regard to the total income tax (including surtax) which would have been payable by him if the amounts of refund referable to those periods had been treated for the purposes of income tax as additions to the profits or gains of the trade or business for those periods or, as the case may be, as additions to his share thereof, and charged to income tax (including surtax) accordingly.

(2) Where the amount of income tax which would have been payable as aforesaid is affected by any allowance falling to be made under the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to wear and tear and the carrying forward of losses (including the provisions of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1928) such adjustments, if any, shall be made—

(a) in computing the relief falling to be granted under subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) in computing the allowances falling to be granted under any of the said provisions of the Income Tax

Part IV.

—cont.

Income tax on post-war refunds.

Option to spread refunds backwards for income tax purposes.

796

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

15 & 16 Geo. c. 36.

Option to have refunds treated as profits of

1947-48-

Acts for the year 1947-48 or any subsequent year of assessment,

as are necessary to secure that the same wear and tear, loss or other amount is not taken into account so as to increase the relief under the said subsection (1) and also allowed under the said provisions of the Income Tax Acts.

(3) References in this section to the income tax (including surtax) payable by an individual include, in cases where profits of a wife are deemed to be profits of her husband, references to the income tax (including surtax) payable by his wife or her husband, as the case may be.

(4) A claim under this section must be made to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue not later than the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-seven, or within such further period as those Commissioners may allow, and section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1925 (which relates to the making and allowing of claims for certain reliefs and to rights of appeal) shall apply in relation to claims under this section as it applies to the claims mentioned in that section.

45.—(1) Where the net amount of any post-war refund is to be used for the purpose of a trade the profits or gains of which are assessable to tax for the year 1947-48 under Case I of Schedule D or would be so assessable if there were any profits or gains thereof for that year, then, if all the persons who are or would be assessable to tax as aforesaid m respect of those profits or gains for that year and the person to whom the refund is payable, by notice in writing given to the surveyor not later than the end of the year nineteen hundred and forty-eight, or within such further period as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may allow, so elect—

(a) in lieu of the refund being chargeable to income tax

for the year 1946-47, it shall be charged to income tax for the year 1947-48 as if it were profits or gains of the trade, and shall be so charged by means of an assessment for the year 1947-48 on the profits or gains of the trade in addition to any other assessment falling to be made thereon for that year; but

(b) tax at the standard rate for the year 1946-47 shall nevertheless be deducted from any sum paid as, or on account of, the refund and the amount deducted shall be treated as if it had been paid by the persons chargeable under paragraph (a) of this subsection, and had been so paid by them on account of income tax in respect of the profits or gains of the trade for the year 1947-48:

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

797

Provided that this subsection shall not apply unless the Part IV. persons or one or more of the persons who carried on the original trade or business in the relevant chargeable accounting periods also carry on the trade in connection with which the refund is to be used, either alone or in partnership with any other person, for the whole or any part of the year 1947-48.

(2) If during the year 1947-48 there is any change in the persons carrying on the trade for the purposes of which the sum repaid is to be used and, by virtue of the change, the trade is, for the purposes of Rule n of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D, treated as discontinued, the references in subsection (1) of this section to the trade shall be construed as references to the trade carried on up to the date of the discontinuance, or, where there is more than one discontinuance in the said year, up to the first of the discontinuances.

(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply where the net amount of any post-war refund is to be used for the purposes of more than one trade as it applies where the net amount of a post-war refund is to be used for the purposes of one trade, so, however, that an election can only be made with respect to the whole of the refund and all persons who are or would be assessable to tax under Case I of Schedule D in respect of the profits or gains of any of the trades must be parties to the giving of the notice of the election.

(4) No election shall be valid under this section in relation to any refund if a claim is made and allowed in relation thereto under the last preceding section.

Miscellaneous.

46.—(1) Where any sum has been paid as, or on account Reliefs given of, a post-war refund., any relief from, or repayment of, the and repay-excess profits tax in respect of which the sum was paid, being a relief or repayment which falls to be given or made after have been the payment of that sum, shall be computed as if the rate of made by way excess profits tax had, as respects all relevant chargeable of post-war accounting periods, been eighty per cent.: refund.

Provided that, in computing the amount of capital employed in the trade or business, the said tax shall be treated as chargeable at one hundred per cent, for all those periods.

(2) Where—

(a) the amount of any relief or repayment is reduced by virtue of subsection (1) of this section; and

798

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—coni

Set-off of refunds against excess profits, tax.

Payment of refunds out of Consolidated Fund.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 117.

(6) if the said subsection (1) had not applied and the relief or repayment had been taken mto account in computing any sum paid as, or on account of, a postwar refund, that sum would have been reduced,

any undertakings given under this Part of this Act in connection with the payment of that sum shall have effect with respect only to such reduced amount as may be just having regard to the reduction which would have been made in that sum.

(3) References in this section to a repayment of tax do not include references to any payment of, or on account of, a post-war refund.

47. Where after the end of the year nineteen hundred and forty-five, excess profits tax is due and payable in respect of any relevant chargeable accounting period and, if that tax were paid, a sum would (on the giving, or giving and approval, of the requisite undertakings and authorities) be payable for or on account of a post-war refund, the Commissioners may, if they think fit and if the requisite undertakings and authorities are given, or given and approved, give credit for the amount of the sum payable as aforesaid, after deduction of tax at the standard rate for the year 1946-47, against the same amount of the excess profits tax which is due and payable as aforesaid, and, where credit is so given, the amount for which credit is given shall be deemed to have been paid to the Commissioners and repaid by them and the said undertakings and authorities shall, with the necessary modifications, have effect accordingly:

Provided that the amount deemed to have been repaid by the Commissioners shall for the purposes of income tax be treated as a payment made after deduction of tax at the standard rate for the year 1946-47.

48. —(1) Such sums as are required by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the purpose of making payments of, or on account of, post-war refunds shall be issued to the Commissioners out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof. 2

(2) For the purpose of providing any sums to be issued under subsection (1) of this section, the Treasury may raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise money under the National Loans Act, 1939, and any securities created and issued to raise money under this section shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under that Act.

*945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13,

799

(3) Notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraph (2) of para- Part IV. graph 1 of Part II of the Seventh Schedule to the Finance —coni. (No. 2) Act, 1939, in computing the amount of the capital employed in a trade or business for the purposes of excess profits tax no deduction shall be made from the price of any asset on the ground that it was acquired wholly or partly out of a sum paid for or on account of a post-war refund and that that sum was, by virtue of this section, contributed out of the Consolidated Fund.

49. The provisions of this Part of this Act and of section special cases, twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1941 (as amended by any subsequent enactment) shall, in relation to partnerships, members of groups of companies and tax paid under section twenty-four of the Finance Act, 1943 (which relates to sales 6 & 7 Geo. 6. of stock at an under-value), have effect subject to the provi- c. 28. sions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act.

50. —(1) In this Part of this Act and in the Sixth Schedule interpretation to this Act, the following expressions have, except so far as of Part IV-

’ inings hereby respec-

" the original trade or business " means, in relation to a post-war refund, the trade or business, tax on the profits of which is or is to be refunded;

" relevant chargeable accounting period" means any chargeable accounting period (for the purposes of excess profits tax) beginning on or after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty and ending on or before the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-five, or any part of a chargeable accounting period, being a part beginning on or after the said first day of April and ending on or before the said thirty-first day of December, which falls to be treated for the purposes of section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1941, as a separate chargeable accounting period;

" net amount " means, in relation to a post-war refund, the gross amount thereof less the income tax deducted therefrom, and, where the payment is made otherwise than to a body corporate, less also any surtax ascribable to the payment of the refund, the amount of surtax so ascribable being ascertained on the basis that the refund is to be treated as the highest part of the income of the person to whom the payment is made;

" group of companies," " the principal company " and " subsidiary member " have the meanings respectively assigned to them by subsection (1) of section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1940.

8oo

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cont.

(2) References in this Part of this Act to the national defence contribution for a relevant chargeable accounting period shall, where the relevant chargeable accounting period is not also a chargeable accounting period for the purposes of the national defence contribution, be taken to be references to a sum made up by apportioning and aggregating the amounts of the national defence contribution paid or payable in respect of any chargeable accounting period (as defined for the purposes of the national defence contribution) which falls wholly or partly within the relevant chargeable accounting period.

Any apportionment required to be made by this subsection shall be made by reference to the number of months or fractions of months in the period to which the apportionment relates.

(3) Any reference in this Part of this Act or in the Sixth Schedule to this Act to the relevant chargeable accounting periods to which a post-war refund is referable shall be construed as a reference to the relevant chargeable accounting periods in which there was extra tax, and any reference in this Part of this Act or in the said Sixth Schedule to the amount of refund which is referable to any such period shall be construed as a reference to an amount which bears to the total amount of the refund the same proportion as the extra tax in that period bears to the sum of the amounts of extra tax in all the periods to which the refund is referable.

For the purposes of this subsection, if the excess profits tax for any of the relevant chargeable accounting periods exceeds the national defence contribution for that period, there shall be deemed to have been extra tax for that period equal to whichever of the two following amounts is the smaller, that is to say—

(a) twenty per cent, of the excess profits tax for the period; and

(b) the amount by which the excess profits tax for the period exceeds the national defence contribution for the period:

Provided that, if the national defence contribution is equal to or exceeds the excess profits tax in the case of all the relevant chargeable accounting periods, there shall be deemed to have been extra tax for all the chargeable accounting periods for which there was excess profits tax, equal, in the case of each such period, to twenty per cent, of the excess profits tax for that period.

In determining for the purposes of this subsection whether there is any, and, if so, what excess profits tax for any period, any national defence contribution payable for that or any

1945* Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. Ch. 13.

other period shall be disregarded except in computing capital and any relief for any deficiency of profits occurring in any other chargeable accounting period shall be altogether disregarded, and in determining for the said purposes whether there is any, and, if so, what national defence contribution for any period, excess profits tax shall be altogether disregarded.

(4) Where any expenditure has been incurred on or after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, in developing or re-equipping a trade or business, any sum used in or towards the recouping of that expenditure shall be deemed for the purposes of this Part of this Act to have been used in developing or re-equipping that trade or business and any undertakings given under this Part of this Act shall have effect accordingly.

Part V.

Relief from Double Taxation.

51.—(1) If His Majesty by Order in Council declares that arrangements specified in the Order have been made with the Government of any territory outside the United Kingdom with a view to affording relief from double taxation in relation to income tax, excess profits tax or the national defence contribution and any taxes of a similar character imposed by the laws of that territory, and that it is expedient that those arrangements should have effect, then, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the arrangements shall, notwithstanding anything in any enactment, have effect in relation to income tax, excess profits tax and the national defence contribution so far as they provide for relief from tax, or for charging the income arising from sources in the United Kingdom to persons not resident in the United Kingdom, determining the income to be attributed to such persons and their agencies, branches or establishments in the United Kingdom, or determining the income to be attributed to persons resident in the United Kingdom who have special relationships with persons not so resident.

(2) On the making of an Order in Council under this section with respect to any arrangements relating to a Dominion as defined for the purposes of section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1920 (which provides for relief in respect of Dominion income tax), the said section twenty-seven shall cease to have effect as respects that Dominion except in so far as the arrangements otherwise provide. 3

(3) Where any arrangements having effect by virtue of this section relate to any territory with respect to which an

E3

801

Part IV.

—cont.

Agreements for relief from double taxation of income.

802

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part V.

—cont.

Deduction of income tax from dividends.

Order in Council is in force under section thirty of the Finance Act, 1940 (which provides for relief in respect of excess profits tax in His Majesty's dominions outside the United Kingdom), then, except in so far as the arrangements otherwise provide, no relief shall be granted under that section against excess profits tax or the national defence contribution chargeable for any chargeable accounting period to which the arrangements apply or, where the arrangements apply to part only of a chargeable accounting period, against such part of the excess profits tax or the national defence contribution chargeable for that chargeable accounting period as is proportionate to the length of that part thereof.

(4) The provisions of the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall have effect where arrangements which have effect by virtue of this section provide that tax payable under the laws of the territory concerned shall be allowed as a credit against tax payable in the United Kingdom.

(5) Where, under any arrangements which have effect by virtue of this section, relief may be given either in the United Kingdom or in the territory with the Government of which the arrangements are made in respect of any income, and it appears that the assessment to income tax made in respect of the income is not made in respect of the full amount thereof or is incorrect having regard to the credit, if any, which falls to be given under the arrangements, any such additional assessments may be made as are necessary to ensure that the total amount of the income is assessed and the proper credit, if any, is given in respect thereof, and where the income is entrusted to any person in the United Kingdom for payment any such additional assessment may be made on the recipient of the income under Case VI of Schedule D.

(6) Any arrangements to which effect is given under this section may include provision for relief from tax for periods before the passing of this Act or before the making of the arrangements and provisions as to income which is not itself subject to double taxation, and the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect accordingly.

52.—(1) This section applies to any dividend payable more than two months after the passing of this Act, being a dividend from which deduction of tax is authorised by Rule 20 of the General Rules, and in this section the expression " the company" means a body of persons paying a dividend to which this section applies. 2 *

(2) Subsection (5) of section twenty-seven of the Finance

Act, 1920 (which limits the rate at which tax may be deducted from dividends) shall not apply to any dividend to which this

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

803

section applies, and the amount of tax which is authorised by Rule 20 of the General Rules to be deducted from any such dividend shall be determined without taking into account any reduction, by reason of double taxation relief, of the United Kingdom income tax payable directly or by deduction by the company, but—

(a) notwithstanding anything in the Income Tax Acts, no relief or repayment in respect of the tax deducted or authorised to be deducted from any such dividend shall be allowed at a rate exceeding die rate (hereinafter referred to as " the net United Kingdom rate ") of the United Kingdom income tax payable directly or by deduction by the company after taking double taxation relief into account; and

(b) where the United Kingdom income tax payable directly or by deduction by the company is affected by double taxation relief, die particulars to be given by the company in the statement required by section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1924, shall (in addition to the particulars required to be given apart from this section) include particulars of the net United Kingdom rate.

(3) Where a dividend to which this section does not apply has been paid, whether before or after the passing of this Act, and any double taxation relief would have fallen to be taken into account in relation to that dividend if this section had applied thereto, that relief shall, unless it is relief which has been taken into account for the purposes of subsection (5) of the said section twenty-seven, be taken into account as far as possible in determining the net United Kingdom rate in relation to the first dividend payable by the company to which this section applies and any part of mat relief which cannot be so taken into account shall as far as possible be taken into account in relation to the next succeeding dividend, and so on. 4

(4) Where the whole or any part of any annual payment is payable out of a dividend to which this section applies, and the rate of relief or repayment allowable in respect of the tax deducted or authorised to be deducted from the dividend is affected by double taxation relief, the annual payment, or that part thereof, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be paid out of profits or gains not brought into charge to tax and Rule 21 of the General Rules shall apply accordingly, but the tax chargeable under the said Rule on the person making the payment shall be reduced by an amount equal to tax on the payment or part of the payment at the net United Kingdom rate applicable to the dividend.

3 E 2

Part V.

—cont.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 21.

804

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part V.

—cont.

Power to make

regulations.

Agreements for relief from double estate duty.

57 & 58 Vict, c. 30.

(5) In this section the expression " double taxation relief" means any credit for foreign income tax which is allowable against United Kingdom income tax by virtue of arrangements having effect under this Part of tins Act and any relief allowable under the provisions of section twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1920, including any credit or relief which has been taken into account for the purposes of determining the net United Kingdom rate applicable to any dividends received by the company.

53. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may from time to time make regulations generally for carrying out the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act or any arrangements having effect thereunder and may, in particular, by those regulations provide—

(a) for securing that relief from taxation imposed by the laws of the territory to which any such arrangements relate does not enure to the benefit of persons not entitled thereto;

(b) for prescribing the principles upon which the net United Kingdom rate is to be determined for the purposes of the last preceding section; and

(c) for authorising, in cases where tax deductible from any periodical payment has, in order to comply with any such arrangements, not been deducted and it is discovered that the arrangements do not apply to that payment, the recovery of the tax by assessment on the person entitled to file payment or by deduction from subsequent payments.

54. —(1) If His Majesty by Order in Council declares that arrangements specified in the Order have been made with the Government of any territory outside the United Kingdom with a view to affording relief from double taxation in relation to estate duty payable under the laws of the United Kingdom and any duty of a similar character imposed under the laws of that territory, and that it is expedient that those arrangements should have effect, the arrangements shall, notwithstanding anything in any enactment, have effect so far as they provide for relief from estate duty, or for determining the place where any property is to be treated as being situated for the purposes of estate duty. 2

(2) Where arrangements have effect by virtue of this section—

(a) subsection (4) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1894 (which provides for relief in respect of duty payable in a foreign country) shall not have effect in relation to duty to which the arrangements apply

1945-

805

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. Ch. 13.

chargeable under the laws of the territory concerned; Part v. and ~<oni

(b) if the territory concerned is one to which section twenty of the Finance Act, 1894, applies, no allowance shall be made under that section in respect of duty to which the arrangements apply chargeable under the laws of that territory.

(3) Any arrangements to which effect is given under this section may include provision for relief from duty in the case of deaths occurring before the passing of this Act or before the making of the arrangements and provisions as to property which is not itself subject to double duty, and the provisions of this section shall have effect accordingly.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the Government ofio&uGeo. 5 Ireland Act, 1920, the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall, c- 67-

as respects estate duty payable under the laws of Northern Ireland, have power to make laws for purposes similar to the purposes of this section.

55. —(1) Where any arrangements have effect by virtue of Disclosure of this Part of this Act, the obligation as to secrecy imposed by information, any enactment shall not prevent the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or any authorised officer of the Commissioners of

Inland Revenue from disclosing to any authorised officer of the Government with which the arrangements are made such information as is required to be disclosed under the arrangements.

(2) Where a person beneficially entitled to the income from any securities, as defined by section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1939 (which empowers the Special Commissioners to 2 & 3 Geo. 6. obtain information as to income from securities) is residentc- 41-in a territory to which arrangements with respect to income tax which have effect under this Part of mis Act relate, subsection (5) of that section shall not exempt any bank from the duty of disclosing to the Special Commissioners particulars relating to the income of that person.

56. —(1) Any Order in Council made under this Part of Supple-this Act may be revoked by a subsequent Order in Council, mentary-and any such revoking Order may contain such transitional provisions as appear to His Majesty to be necessary or expedient. 2

(2) Before any Order proposed to be made under this Part of this Act is submitted to His Majesty in Council, a draft thereof shall be laid before the Commons House of Parliament, and the Order shall not be so submitted unless an Address is presented to His Majesty by that House praying that the Order be made.

8o6

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Relief from death duties on land subsequently acquired by government departments, local

authorities,

etc.

9 & 10 Geo. 5 c. 57.

Part VI.

Miscellaneous.

57.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect where an interest in land—

(a) is compulsorily acquired by a government department or a local or public authority within the meaning of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919; or

(b) is acquired by agreement by such a government de-

Eartment or local or public authority as aforesaid, eing a department or authority who, when the agreement is made, are authorised by, or are or can be authorised under, any enactment to acquire that interest in land compulsorily,

and, in either case, the date of acquisition falls within the period of five years from the seventeenth day of November, nineteen hundred and forty-four.

(2) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue—

(a) that estate duty has been paid, or is payable, in respect of the whole of the interest, and that that interest was valued for the purposes of that duty as at a date after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and before the date of acquisition; and (6) that the persons to whom the interest passed beneficially on the death on which the duty was payable were the same persons as were beneficially interested therein at the date of acquisition, and the beneficial interests which they respectively took on the death were the same beneficial interests as they respectively had at the date of acquisition; and

(c) that the interest was the same in all respects and with the same incidents at the date of acquisition and at all dates relevant for the purpose of ascertaining the duty; and

(d) that the land in which the interest subsisted was in the same state and with the same incidents and held with the same land at the date of acquisition and at all dates relevant for the purpose of ascertaining the duty; and

(e) that the duty fell or falls to be wholly borne by the persons who were beneficially interested at the date of the acquisition according to the respective interests which they then had; and

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. ,13.

807

(/) that the acquisition did not operate to sever the land from land with which it was field at any of the dates relevant for the purpose of ascertaining the duty,

the amount of duty payable in respect of the interest shall, where necessary, be reduced by repayment or remission of duty so as not to exceed the amount which would have been payable in respect thereof if the principal value of the interest had been equal to the amount of the compensation or price payable for the purchase thereof, including, in the case of compensation, any supplement thereto under section fifty-eight or section fifty-nine of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, or any corresponding enactment relating to Scotland.

(3) Where the Commissioners are satisfied that the provisions of the last preceding subsection would have had effect but for all or any of the Following facts, that is to say—

(a) that the requirement in paragraph (a) thereof is not fulfilled in that the duty was paid or payable on part of the interest only; or

(b) that one or more of the requirements respectively specified in paragraphs (b) to (e) thereof are only partly fulfilled; or

(c) that the requirement in paragraph (/) thereof is not fulfilled,

they may grant to any of the persons paying or bearing any of the duty such relief by repayment or remission of duty as may seem to them just and reasonable.

(4) The two last preceding subsections shall have effect in relation to any legacy or succession duty becoming payable on the principal value of the interest as they have effect in relation to estate duty, subject, however, to the modification that for the references to the death there shall be substituted references to the happening of any event or the expiry of any period upon which the legacy or succession duty became or becomes payable.

(5) An interest which is limited to expire, or is subject to an interest which is limited to expire, shall not be treated for the purposes of this section as being the same in all respects at different dates.

(6) In this section, the expression " the date of acquisition " means—

(a) in the case of a compulsory acquisition, the date of the service of the notice to treat; and

(b) in the case of an acquisition by agreement, the date of the making of the agreement,

Part VI.

—cont.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 47.

8o8

Ch. 13.

Part VI.

—cont.

Amendment of law as to exceptional

depreciation

allowances.

Determination of questions affecting allowances for exceptional depreciation.

Finance (No. 2) , 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

and the reference in this subsection to the service of the notice to treat shall be taken to include a reference to the constructive service of such a notice which, by virtue of the Sixth Schedule to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, or by virtue of any other enactment, is to be deemed to be served.

58.—(1) The enactments relating to the computation of profits for the purposes of excess profits tax and the national defence contribution shall, in relation to allowances for exceptional depreciation of buildings, plant or machinery, have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, subject to the modifications specified m Parts I and II of the Eighth Schedule to this Act.

(2) The provisions of Part II of the Eighth Schedule to this Act shall, in relation to allowances under section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941, have effect and be deemed always to have had effect in substitution for the provisions of section fifty-eight and subsections (2) to (5) of section fifty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1945, and accordingly the said sections fifty-eight and fifty-nine shall have effect and be deemed always to have had effect subject to the following amendments—

(a) in subsection (4) of the said section fifty-eight, paragraph (b) shall be omitted and for the words sections nineteen and twenty-nine " there shall be substituted the words "section twenty-nine ";

(b) in subsection (2) of the said section fifty-nine, after the words "subsection (1) of this section " there shall be inserted the words "(other than the said section nineteen) "; and

(c) in subsection (5) of the said section fifty-nine, the words "and, as respects exceptional depreciation allowances, the provisions of this section shall be deemed always to have had effect" shall be omitted.

59.—(1) In this section the expression " exceptional depreciation allowance" means any allowance, other than an allowance which, by the terms of the enactments relating thereto, is expressed to be provisional only,—

(a) under section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941; or

(b) under paragraph 3 of Part I of the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, and subsection (1) of section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1940; or

(c) under the said paragraph 3 and the said subsection

(1) as applied in relation to the national defence

1945-

809

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945* Ch. 13.

contribution by subsection (2) of section forty-three of the Finance Act, 1941.

(2) The question as to whether any, and, if so, what, exceptional depreciation allowance falls to be made in respect of any asset or group of assets shall be determined by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

(3) The Commissioners shall give notice of their decision to the person to whom the exceptional depreciation allowance falls or would fall to be made, and where, for the purposes of their decision, the Commissioners decide—

(a) how much of the price paid on a sale of two or more assets sold together is properly attributable to any of those assets; or

(b) what is the relevant price (as defined for the purposes of paragraph 8 of Fart II of the Eighth Schedule to this Act) of any asset or group of assets,

they shall give notice of their decision on that question to the said person, and, if it appears to them that the same question is also material in relation to the liability of any other person to income tax, excess profits tax or the national defence contribution, shall also give notice of their decision thereon to that other person.

A person to whom notice of any decision has been given under this subsection shall not, in any proceedings relating to his liability to income tax, excess profits tax or the national defence contribution, be entitled to call that decision in question otherwise than in accordance with the provisions of this section relating to appeals.

(4) Any person to whom such a notice is given may appeal against the decision to the Special Commissioners, and the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to appeals against assessments, including the provisions relating to the statement of cases for the opinion of the High Court on a point of law, shall, with the necessary modifications, have effect in relation to any such appeal as if it were an appeal against an assessment under Schedule D signed and allowed by the Special Commissioners, and as if the notice were a notice of that assessment:

Provided that upon any such appeal all persons who have received notices under this section in connection with the decision under appeal shall be entitled to appear and be heard, and, in relation to the statement of a case, shall have the same rights as the appellant, and, when the questions under appeal are finally decided, either by the Special Commissioners or by the Court, that decision shall not be

Part VI.

—cont.

8io

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part VI. —cont.

Appointment of collectors of taxes, etc. for City of London.

Ch. 13.

called in question by any of the said persons in any proceedings relating to his liability to income tax, excess profits tax or the national defence contribution.

(5) There shall be made all such adjustments,. whether by way of repayment of tax or otherwise, and all such assessments, as are required in consequence of the decision of any question under this section, and, in particular, there shall be made all such assessments as may be necessary for securing that the amount of tax ultimately borne by any person is what it would have been if no provisional allowances had been made and if any exceptional depreciation allowance which, under the decision, falls to be made to him or to any other person had been made immediately upon the conclusion of the year of assessment or chargeable accounting period for which it falls to be made.

Notwithstanding any provision of the. Income Tax Acts limiting the time for claiming adjustments or the time for making assessments, any adjustment or assessment (including any consequential assessment to surtax) required to be made under this subsection may be made at any time.

(6) Subsection (6) of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941, shall not have effect in relation to any adjustments or assessments which are required in consequence of any decision under this section.

(7) Any notice to be given by the Commissioners under this section may be given on behalf of the Commissioners by any surveyor appointed for the purposes of the Income Tax Acts.

(8) This section shall have effect both in relation to questions arising before, and in relation to questions arising after, the passing of this Act.

(9) Section sixty-one of the Income Tax Act, 1945, shall not apply as respects any apportionment or determination which is material as respects the right of any person to an exceptional depreciation allowance.

60.—(1) The power to appoint collectors of taxes and collectors of land tax for the division of the City of London shall be transferred to and vested in the Commissioners of Inland Revenue; and all collectors of taxes and collectors of land tax for that division, by whomsoever appointed, shall hold office during the will and pleasure of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and shall be paid such remuneration as the Treasury may determine; and the enactments relating to the collection of income tax and land tax mentioned in the

1945* Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. Ch. 13. *11

Ninth Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the Part VI. provisions of that Schedule.

(2) The Treasury are hereby authorised to grant, subject to and in accordance with such conditions as they may prescribe, out of moneys provided by Parliament, annual allowances by way of compensation to any such collectors of taxes, collectors of land tax or other persons as may be designated by the Treasury, being collectors or other persons whose appointments axe determined by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue at any time after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-six, and who were employed in and about the collection of income tax or land tax in the division of the City of London immediately before the passing of this Act.

(3) The Pensions Commutation Acts, 1871 to 1882, shall apply to any person to whom a compensation allowance is awarded in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section as if he had retired from a public civil office in consequence of the abolition of his office.

61. No issue shall be made out of the Consolidated Fund Amendment as

under section forty-eight of the Finance Act, 1930 (which c* or provides in the case of a deficit in any year for the redemption 2Q&2J Geo -in the next year of a corresponding amount of debt), in respect 4 5*

of the deficit for the financial year ending with the thirty-first

day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

62. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Finance (No. 2) Act, Short

Tn.c 7 v construction,

extent and

(2) Part I of this Act— repeals-

(a) so far as it relates to purchase tax, shall be construed as one with Part V of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940;

(b) so far as it relates to duties of customs, shall be con-, strued as one with the Customs (Consolidation) Act,

1876;

(c) so far as it relates to duties of excise, shall be construed as one with the Acts which relate to the duties of excise and to the management of those duties;

and in the said Part I the expression " the Commissioners" means the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

(3) Part II of this Act and, so far as they relate to income tax, Parts IV, V and VI thereof, shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts.

(4) Parts III, IV, V and VI of this Act, so far as they

relate to excess profits tax, shall be construed as one with Part III of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

812

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Part VI.

—cont.

(5) Parts V and VI of this Act, so far as they relate to estate duty, shall be construed as one with Part I of the Finance Act, 1894.

(6) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

(7) Save as otherwise expressly provided, such of the provisions of this Act as relate to matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(8) The enactments specified in the Tenth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule as from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-six.

I945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Classes of Goods in respect of which Purchase Tax is to cease

TO BE CHARGEABLE.

1. Domestic cooking, space heating and water heating appliances of the following descriptions, namely,—

stoves, grates, ranges and fireplaces; boiling rings, grillers and hot-plates; radiators and convectors;

instantaneous water heaters, immersion water heaters and storage water heaters; wash boilers and wash coppers.

2. Parts of such stoves, grates, ranges and fireplaces as aforesaid.

3. Domestic refrigerators.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Rates of Excise Duty on certain Mechanically Propelled

Vehicles.

Part I.

Paragraph to be substituted for paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920.

Description of vehicles. Rate of duty.

(a) Hackney carriages being 15s.

tramcars

(6) Other hackney carriages—

Seating capacity of vehicle. 3 Initial. 4 Additional for each person in excess of the number in column 1.

1 Exceeding. 2 Not exceeding.

— 4 persons £ —

4 persons 8 persons —

8 persons 26 persons £12

26 persons 32 persons £* £l 12S.

32 persons £57 I2S. £1 4s.

For the purposes of this paragraph—

(1) The number of persons mentioned does not include the driver of the vehicle;

(2) The seating capacity of a vehicle shall be determined in accordance with regulations made under section twelve of the Roads Act, 1920;

Section 1.

Section 4.

814

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

2ND Sch.

—cont.

(3) The expression " hackney carriage" means a mechanically propelled vehicle standing or plying for hire, and includes any mechanically propelled vehicle let for hire by a person whose trade it is to sell mechanically propelled vehicles or to let mechanically propelled vehicles for hire provided that the vehicle is not let for a period amounting to three months or more.

Part II.

Rates of Duty on Goods Vehicles chargeable under sub-paragraphs (a), (6) AND (C)OF PARAGRAPH 5 OF THE SECOND SCHEDULE to the Finance Act, 1920.

Weight unladen of vehicle.

Rate.

I Exceeding. 2 Not exceeding. 3 Initial. 4 Additional for each ± ton or part of a i ton in excess of the weight in column 1.

Rates chargeable under sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 5 {Farmers' Vehicles).

— 12 cwt. —

12 cwt. 1 ton —

1 ton 2\ tons £* 10s.

2\ tons 3 tons £14 £1

3 tons — IOS.

Rates chargeable under sub-paragraph (fc) of paragraph 5 {Showmen's Special Vehicles).

— 12 cwt. £10 —

12 cwt. i ton £ —

1 ton — £

Rates chargeable under sub-paragraph (c) (i) of paragraph 5 ( Goods Vehicles electrically propelled).

£* 5

£2 10s.

£1 5

£2 10s.

— 12 cwt. £

12 CWt. 1 ton £15

i ton 2 tons £15

2 tons 3 tons £20

3 tons 6 tons £50

6 tons — £45

Rates chargeable under sub-paragraph (c) (ii) of paragraph 5 {Other Goods Vehicles propelled by steam or using gas as fuel).

— 12 cwt. £10 —

12 cwt. 1 ton £*5 —

I ton 3 tons £15 £2 IOS.

3 tons 4 tons £35 £3 15s.

4 tons 6 tons £50 £5

6 tons — £90 £315s.

Rates chargeable under sub-paragraph (c) (iii) of paragraph 5 {Other Goods Vehicles to which the foregoing Rates do not apply).

— 12 cwt. £ —

12 CWt. 1 ton &5 —

i ton 3 tons £15 £2 IOS.

3 tons 4 tons £35 £3 15s-

4 tons £50 £5

*945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

815

Part III.

Rates of Duty on Goods Vehicles being Local Authorities’ Watering Vehicles.

Weight unladen of vehicle. Rate.

1 Exceeding. 2 Not exceeding. 3 Initial. 4 Additional for each £ ton or part of a $ ton in excess of the weight in column 1.

1£ tons

2 tons

3 tons

4 tons

5 tons

Rates on Vehicles Electrically Propelled.

i£ tons £* —

2 tons £6 £2 6s. 8d.

3 tons 15s.

4 tons 16s.

5 tons £19 4s* I2S.

— £24 —

With an additional duty, in any case, if used for drawing a trailer, of £6.

Rates on Vehicles not Electrically Propelled.

— 12 cwt. £10 —

12 CWt. 1 ton £*5 —

i ton 2 tons £*5 £2 1 os.

2 tons 2$ tons £*5 £1 IOS.

2\ tons 3 tons £* £2

3 tons 4 tons £& £1 I2S.

4 tons 5 tons £38 8s. £l 43.

5 tons — £48 —

With an additional duty, in any case

if used for drawing a trailer, of £6.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Spirits.

Part I.

Provisions of the Spirits Act, 1880, replaceable by Regulations.

Sections thirteen to forty-five; sections fifty-six to fifty-eight; subsection (1) of section sixty-six; section sixty-seven; sections seventy-one and seventy-two; subsection (1) of section one hundred and five; and the First Schedule

2ND SCH.

—cord.

Sections 9 and z 1.

8i6

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

3RD Sch. —coni.

Part II.

Modifications of Provisions relating to charge of Excise Duty

on Spirits.

1. The excise duty on spirits made in a distillery shall not be charged by reference to the low wines made therein, and accordingly in subsection (1) of section forty-six of the Spirits Act, 1880, the words "the low wines " and the whole of subsection (3) of that section shall cease to have effect.

2. Subsection (5) of the said section forty-six (which relates to wastage in the spirit store) shall cease to have effect.

3. Where the excise duty on spirits made in a distillery is charged in respect of the wort or wash, the degree of attenuation may be ascertained by reference to the lowest gravity of the wash as declared by the distiller as if that gravity had been found by the officer before its distillation, and accordingly subsection (2) of the said section forty-six shall have effect as if after the words "the lowest gravity of the wash " there were inserted the words "as declared by the distiller or."

Part III.

Enactments as to Allowances Repealed.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

48 & 49 Vict, c. 51.

The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885.

52 & 53 Vict, c. 42.

The Revenue Act, 1889.

58 & 59 Vict, c. 16.

The Finance Act, i895-

2 Edw. 7. c. 7.

The Finance Act, 1902.

In subsection (1) of section three, the words "In respect of plain British spirits, and spirits of the nature of spirits of wine, an allowance of two-pence, and."

In section twenty-one, the words " and spirits of the nature of spirits of wine."

In section six the words from " and where " to the end of the section, and in section seven the words "and to an allowance in respect of methylated spirits exported which is payable under this Act."

In subsection (1) of section five, the words "twopence and, " the words "and section six of the Finance Act, 1895." and the words " respectively threepence and."

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

817

3RD SCH.

—cont.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

6 Edw. 7. c. 20. The Revenue Act, Subsection (1) of section one.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. 1906. The Finance Act, Subsection (4) of section eight.

c. 62. 10 & 11 Geo. 5. 1915. The Finance Act, Section eleven.

c. 18. 11 & 12 Geo. 5. 1920. The Finance Act, Subsection (2) of section fifteen.

c. 32. 17 & 18 Geo. 5. 1921. The Finance Act, Subsections (1) and (3) of section

c. 10. 1927- i fifteen.

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Sections 24, 25

and 26.

Income Tax Reliefs in Connection with Redundancy

Schemes.

Part I.

Preliminary.

1.—(1) In this Schedule—

(a) the expression " scheme" means a scheme which is for the time being certified or has at any time been certified by the Board of Trade under section twenty-five of the Finance Act, 1935;

(b) the expression " payment" means a payment made under a

scheme on or after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, being a payment made to a person carrying on a trade to which the scheme relates;

(c) the expression " the person chargeable " means, in relation to any such payment, the person liable to pay any income tax which may fall to be paid*by reason of the receipt of the payment;

(d) the expression " damage " includes any loss, liability, expense

or other burden, and references to the amount of any damage are references to the sum which would be fair compensation for that damage;

(e) the expression " contribution " includes part of a contribution,

but does not include any contribution made before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five, and the expression " deductible contribution" means a contribution allowed to be deducted under the said section twenty-five, any reduction thereof under Part III of this Schedule being left out of account; and

(/) the expression " asset " includes a part of an asset.

3 F

8i8

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

4TH Sch. (2) Subsection (5) of the said section twenty-five (which relates to —coni the order in which contributions are to be deemed to be repaid) shall

have effect for the purposes of this Schedule as it has effect for the purposes of that section.

Part II.

Relief in respect of certain payments.

2. The question whether any, and, if so, what, relief is to be given shall be determined separately in relation to each payment made under the scheme in respect of the trade, but for the purpose of determining that question regard shall be had, as hereinafter provided, to the sum (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " the total payment ") produced by adding the amount of the payment to the amount of any payments previously so made.

3. No relief shall be given in respect of the payment unless th person chargeable shows—

(a) the amount of the damage in respect of which the total paymen

has been made; and

(b) how much of that amount is referable to damage in respect of

which no relief may be given under the Income Tax Acts.

4. No relief shall be given in respect of the payment unless the total payment, or the amount of the damage in respect of which the total payment has been made, whichever is the smaller, exceeds the aggregate amount of the deductible contributions which have been paid in furtherance of the scheme in respect of the trade in question before the payment is made, exclusive of any contributions which have been repaid before the payment is made.

5. The amount of the reduction to be made in respect of the payment shall be arrived at by—

(a) ascertaining the sum which bears to the excess mentioned in paragraph 4 of this Schedule the same proportion that the amount mentioned in sub-paragraph of paragraph 3 thereof bears to the amount mentioned in sub-paragraph (a) of the said paragraph 3; and

(b) deducting from the said sum the total amount of any reductions which have been or fall to be made under this Schedule in respect of payments previously made under the scheme in respect of the trade. 6

6. —(1) For the purposes of this Schedule, damage shall be deemed to be damage in respect of which relief may be given under the Income Tax Acts if and only if—

(a) the damage is attributable to any of the following events, that

is to say, the demolition, destruction or putting out of use of any asset, or the disposition or termination of an interest in any asset, and, by reason of that event, an allowance falls to be made under Part I or Part II of the Income Tax Act, 1945, in charging the profits or gains of the trade; or

(b) the damage consists of any loss, liability, expense or other

burden in respect of which an allowance may be made in computing the profits or gains of the trade for the purposes of the Income Tax Acts :

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

819

Provided that where an allowance under Part I of the Income Tax Act, 1945, in respect of any damage falls to be reduced by the fraction specified in subsection (4) of section three of that Act, the same fraction, and the same fraction only, of the amount of the damage shall be treated as being referable to damage in respect of which relief may be given under the Income Tax Acts.

(2) Where any event occurs which would give rise to an allowance under the Income Tax Acts in respect of any asset in charging or computing the profits or gains of a trade but for any of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) that there are no profits or gains against which the allowance

could be made; or

(b) that account is required to be taken of allowances previously

made or deemed to have been made in respect of the asset; or

(c) that account is required to be taken of any sum which falls to

be written off the expenditure incurred on the asset for the purpose of determining whether any and if so what allowance may be given by reason of the event; or

(d) that account is required to be taken of any sum falling to be

taken into account as sale, insurance, salvage or compensation moneys,

the like consequences shall ensue under this Schedule as if an allowance had fallen to be made by reason of that event.

(3) Where any damage is attributable to a permanent change in the purposes for which an asset is used, or the temporary or permanent putting out of use of an asset, the question whether the damage is damage in respect of which relief may be given under the Income Tax Acts shall be determined as if the damage had been attributable to a sale of the asset on the date upon which the change or putting out of use took place.

Part III.

Exclusion of relief in respect of contributions paid after

RELIEF HAS BEEN GIVEN UNDER PART II OF THIS SCHEDULE.

7. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect where—

(a) a contribution is paid under a scheme in respect of a trade;

and

(b) before the contribution is paid, payments have been made

under the scheme to the person carrying on the trade; and

(c) reductions have been made, under the preceding provisions

of this Schedule, in the amounts which, by reason of those payments, are to be treated as trading receipts of the trade.

8. There shall be ascertained—

(a) the total amount of the said reductions; and (£>) the sum by which that total would have been decreased if the contribution, and any previous contributions to which this Part of this Schedule applies, had been paid before any of the payments were made.

3F2

4TH SCH. —coni.

820 Ch. 13. Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

4th Sch. 9. For the purpose of determining what deduction is to be made in —cont. respect of the contribution under section twenty-five of the Finance

Act, 1935, the contribution shall be deemed to be reduced by the sum specified in sub-paragraph (6) of the last preceding paragraph, but—

(a) for the purpose of the application of that paragraph in relation

to contributions subsequently paid under the scheme in respect of the trade, the total amount of the reductions referred to in that paragraph shall be treated as decreased by that sum; and

(b) for the purpose of the application of paragraph 5 of this Schedule in relation to payments subsequently made under the scheme in respect of the trade, the total amount of the reductions referred to in the said paragraph 5 shall be treated as decreased by the said sum.

10. When two or more contributions are paid at the same time, the provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect as if they were a single contribution.

Section 35.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Section 24 of the Finance Act, 1923, as applied with

ADAPTATIONS TO EXCESS PROFITS TAX AND THE NATIONAL

Defence Contribution.

(1) If any person who has paid tax charged under an assessment to excess profits tax or to the national defence contribution alleges that the assessment was excessive by reason of some error or mistake in a return or statement made by him for the purposes of the assessment, he may, at any time before such date as Parliament may hereafter determine, make an application in writing to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for relief.

(2) On receiving any such application the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall inquire into the matter and shall, subject to the provisions of this section, give by way of repayment such relief in respect of the error or mistake as is reasonable and just :

Provided that no relief shall be given under this section in respect of an error or mistake as to the basis on which the liability of the applicant ought to have been computed where the return or statement was in fact made on the basis or in accordance with the practice generally prevailing at the time when the return or statement was made.

(4) Any person who is aggrieved by the determination of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue on an application made by him under this section may, on giving notice in writing to those Commissioners within twenty-one days after the notification to him of their determination, appeal to the Special Commissioners.

(5) The Special Commissioners shall thereupon hear and determine the appeal in like manner as in the case of an appeal to them against an assessment under Schedule D, and the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to such an appeal (including the provisions relating to the

Finance (No. 2) , 1945.

821

1945-

Ch. 13.

statement of a case for the opinion of the High Court on a point of law) 5th Sch. shall apply accordingly with any necessary modifications : —coni'

Provided that neither the appellant nor the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall be entitled to require a case to be stated for the opinion of the High Court otherwise than on a point of law arising in connection with the computation of profits or the computation of capital.

SIXTH SCHEDULE. Sections 49 and

50.

Post-War Refunds in the case of Partnerships,

Groups of Companies, Etc.

Part I.

Partnerships.

1. Where the original trade or business was carried on in the relevant chargeable accounting periods by persons in partnership, the following provisions shall have effect—

(a) the relevant chargeable accounting periods to which the refund is referable shall first be ascertained;

(b) the amounts of refund referable to each of those periods shall then be ascertained;

(c) each of those amounts shall then be apportioned among the

partners by reference to their respective shares in the profits of the trade or business for the period in question;

(d) instead of one refund being made, a separate refund shall be

made in the case of each partner equal to the total of the amounts apportioned under the last preceding sub-paragraph to that partner;

(e) any reference in the provisions of Part IV of this Act relating

to income tax to the amount of refund referable to any of the relevant chargeable accounting periods shall be construed, in relation to each of the separate refunds, as a reference to the amount apportioned under sub-paragraph (c) of this paragraph to the partner in question in the case of that period:

Provided that where, in the case of a payment of, or on account of, a post-war refund, all the partners who were carrying on the original trade or business in the relevant chargeable accounting periods are still engaged in carrying it on when the payment falls to be made and are still then carrying it on alone and not in partnership with any other person, one joint payment may be made for all the partners, but the provisions of Part IV of this Act relating to income tax shall nevertheless have effect as though separate payments had been made as aforesaid in the case of each partner.

Part II.

Groups of Companies.

2. For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule, a group of companies shall be deemed to be the same group notwithstanding any changes in the members thereof so long as, and only so long as, the same body corporate remains the principal company of the group; and

822 Ch. 13. Finance (No. 2) , 1945. 9 10 Geo. 6.

6th Sch. references in this Part of this Schedule, in relation to a member of a —cont. group of companies, to relevant chargeable accounting periods shall

be construed as not including references to any chargeable accounting period during which it was not a member of the group.

3. All sums paid or payable by way of excess profits tax or the national defence contribution for any relevant chargeable accounting period in respect of any trade or business carried on by any member of a group of companies shall, for the purpose of ascertaining whether any, and if so what, post-war refund is due to any person, be deemed to have been paid or to be payable by the principal company of the group and not by any other member thereof; and for the purposes of Part IV of this Act, the trade or business of the principal company shall be deemed to be the original trade or business.

4. Where any sum is paid to the principal company for, or on account of, a post-war refund, the undertakings and authorities required by Part IV of this Act in relation to the payment shall not require the approval of the advisory panel by reason of the fact that the trade or business specified in those undertakings and authorities is not the original trade or business if the trade or business so specified is being or is to be carried on by a subsidiary member of the group.

5. Where it is finally determined that any post-war refund is payable in respect of all or any of the trades or businesses carried on by members of a group of companies during any relevant chargeable accounting period, there shall be ascertained, in the case of each subsidiary member of the group—

. (a) the total amount of excess profits tax and the national defence contribution for the relevant chargeable accounting periods which has been borne directly or indirectly by the subsidiary member;

(b) the total amount of the national defence contribution paid for the relevant chargeable accounting periods in respect of the trade or business of the subsidiary member;

(c) the total sum which could, under sub-paragraph (2) of para-

graph 8 of Part IV of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940, have been required to be paid on account of excess profits tax for the relevant chargeable accounting periods by the subsidiary member on the assumption that excess profits tax had been chargeable for all those periods at eighty per cent., less the amount which would, on that assumption, have been payable to the subsidiary member under sub-paragraph (3) of the said paragraph 8,

and, if the amount mentioned in sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph exceeds the sum of the amounts mentioned in sub-paragraphs (6) and

(c) thereof, an amount equal to the difference shall be paid by the principal company to the subsidiary member :

Provided that—

(i) if the total of the amounts so payable by the principal company

to the subsidiary members of the group of companies exceeds the total amount paid in respect of the post-war refund, the sums so payable shall be proportionately reduced so as together to amount to the said total amount so paid; and

(ii) on the payment of any sum payable by the principal company to a subsidiary member under this paragraph, the

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

823

principal company shall be entitled to deduct and retain out 6th Sch. of the payment tax at the standard rate for the year 1946-47 —coni-

as if that payment were an annual payment to which Rule 19 of the General Rules applied paid in that year out of profits and gains brought into charge to tax.

6. Where an amount is paid to a subsidiary member under the last preceding paragraph, so much of the provisions of Part IV of this Act relating to income tax as confers a right of election that a post-war refund shall be charged to income tax for the year 1947-48 shall have effect as if the said payment were a payment of refund to the subsidiary member which was to be used for the purposes of its trade or business, as if the tax deducted therefrom under Rule 19 of the General Rules as applied by the last preceding paragraph had been deducted therefrom under the provisions of Part IV of this Act relating to the deduction of tax from payments of refund, and as if the gross amount of the refund paid to the principal company were diminished by the gross amount of the said payment.

7. So much of the provisions of Part IV of this Act relating to income tax on sums paid as or on account of post-war refunds as provides that the right to elect that sums so paid shall be chargeable as profits and gains of a trade for the year 1947-48 in lieu of being chargeable to tax for the year 1946-47 shall be restricted to Cases where the person to whom the sum is paid is carrying on the trade during the whole or some part of the year 1947-48 shall not apply where, during the whole or part of the year 1947-48, the trade is being carried on by a subsidiary member of a group of companies of which the person to whom the sum was paid is then the principal company.

Part III.

Tax Paid under Finance Act, 1943, s. 24.

8. Where, under section twenty-four of the Finance Act, 1943, a joint and several liability is imposed on any persons, the rights of those persons respectively to a post-war refund shall be based on the amounts of tax ultimately bomfe by them respectively by reason of the imposition of the liability and not on the amounts of tax paid by them respectively to the Crown, and no sum shall be paid as or on account of a post-war refund in the case of any of those persons unless the Commissioners are satisfied as to the amounts so borne by all those persons and are further satisfied that any liability of any of those persons to make a payment to any other of those persons which arises by virtue of subsection (3) of the said section twenty-four has been extinguished. 9

9. Any reference in Part IV of this Act to the original trade or business shall, in relation to any post-war refund made in respect of tax paid under the said section twenty-four, be construed as a reference to the trade or business carried on by the company whose stock in trade was disposed of at the time of the disposal thereof, and any reference in section thirty-nine of this Act to the person who carried on the original trade or business shall, in relation to any post-war refund in respect of tax paid under the said section twenty-four, be deemed to include a reference to the person who bore that tax.

824

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Section 51.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to relief from Income Tax, Excess Profits Tax and the National Defence Contribution by way of credit in respect

of Foreign Tax.

Interpretation.

1. —(1) In this Schedule, except where the context othefwise requires—

" the United Kingdom taxes" means income tax and excess profits tax;

" excess profits tax " includes the national defence contribution; " foreign income tax " means, in relation to any territory arrangements with the Government of which have effect by virtue of Part V of this Act, any tax chargeable under the laws of that territory which corresponds to income tax, being a tax for which credit may be given under the arrangements;

" foreign excess profits tax " means, in relation to any territory arrangements with the Government of which have effect by virtue of Part V of this Act, any tax chargeable under the laws of that territory which corresponds to excess profits tax, being a tax for which credit may be given under the arrangements.

(2) Where arrangements having effect by virtue of Part V of this Act provide for any tax cha:0eable under the laws of the territory concerned being treated as income tax or excess profits tax, that tax shall, notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this paragraph, be treated as foreign income tax or foreign excess profits tax, as the case may be.

(3) Any reference in this Schedule to foreign income tax or foreign excess profits tax shall be construed, in relation to credit to be given under any arrangements, as a reference only to the tax chargeable under the laws of the territory with the Government of which the arrangements were made.

General.

2. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, where, under the arrangements, credit is to be allowed against any of the United Kingdom taxes chargeable in respect of any income or profits, the amount of the United Kingdom taxes so chargeable shall be reduced by the amount of the credit:

Provided that foreign income tax shall be allowed as a credit only against income tax and foreign excess profits tax shall be allowed as a credit only against excess profits tax.

Requirement as to residence.

3. Credit shall not be allowed against income tax for any year of assessment or against excess profits tax for any chargeable accounting period unless the person in respect of whose income or profits the tax is chargeable is resident in the United Kingdom for that year or period:

Provided that, except in so far as it relates to income tax and the national defence contribution, this paragraph shall not apply to tax in respect of the profits of a body corporate which is a subsidiary member of a group of companies for the purposes of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1940.

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

825

Limits on total credit—income tax.

4. —(1) The amount of the credit to be allowed for foreign income tax in respect of any income shall not exceed the sum which would be produced by computing the amount of that income in accordance with the Income Tax Acts, and then charging it to income tax for the year of assessment for which the credit is to be allowed, but at the following rate, that is to say—

(a) in the case of a person whose income is chargeable to income tax

at the standard rate only, a rate ascertained by dividing the income tax payable by him for the year by the amount of his total income for the year;

(b) in the case of a person part of whose total income is chargeable

to income tax at a rate or rates in excess of the standard rate, the sum of the following rates—

(i) the rate which would have been the appropriate rate in his case if his income had been chargeable at the standard rate only; and

(ii) the rate ascertained by dividing the surtax payable by him for the year by the amount of his total income for the year:

Provided that where, under the arrangements, credit is not to be allowed against surtax for the year, the rate shall be calculated in all cases as in the case of persons whose incomes are chargeable to income tax at the standard rate only, and where, under the arrangements, credit is not to be allowed except against surtax for the year, the rate shall be that ascertained by dividing the surtax payable by the person in question for the year by the amount of his total income for the year.

(2) For the purpose of determining the said rate, the tax payable by any person for any year shall be computed without regard to any relief in respect of life assurance premiums and without any reduction thereof for any credit allowed or to be allowed under any arrangements having effect by virtue of Part V of this Act, but shall be deemed to be reduced by any tax which, otherwise than under Rule 20 of the General Rules, he is entitled to charge against any other person, and the total income of any person shall be deemed to be reduced by the amount of any income the income tax upon which he is entitled to charge as aforesaid.

5. Without prejudice to the provisions of the last preceding paragraph, the total credit to be allowed to a person for any year of assessment for foreign income tax under all arrangements having effect by virtue of Part V of this Act shall not exceed the total income tax payable by him for that year of assessment, less any tax which, otherwise than under Rule 20 of the General Rules, he is entitled to charge against any other person.

Limit on total credit—excess profits tax.

6. The amount of the credit to be allowed against excess profits tax for foreign excess profits tax on any profits shall not exceed the excess profits tax attributable to those profits.

Effect on computation of income of allowance of credit.

7. —(1) Where credit falls to be given against income tax on any income for foreign income tax, the following provisions of this paragraph

7TH SCH.

—cont.

826 Ch. 13. Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

7th Sch. shall have effect as respects the computation, for the purposes of the —cont‘ United Kingdom taxes, of the amount of that income.

(2) Where the income tax payable depends on the amount received in the United Kingdom, the said amount shall be deemed to be increased by the amount of the credit.

(3) Where the last preceding sub-paragraph does not apply—

(a) no deduction shall be made in respect of foreign income tax (whether in respect of the same or any other income); and

(b) where the income includes a dividend and under the

arrangements foreign income tax not chargeable directly or by deduction in respect of the dividend is to be taken into account in considering whether any, and if so what, credit is to be given against income tax in respect of the dividend, the amount of the income shall be increased by the amount of the foreign income tax not so chargeable which falls to be taken into account in computing the amount of the credit; but

(c) notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this sub-paragraph, where the amount of the credit is reduced by the operation of paragraph 4 of this Schedule, the amount of the income shall be reduced by the same amount.

(4) In relation to the computation of the total income of a person for the purpose of determining the rate mentioned in paragraph 4 of this Schedule, the preceding provisions of this paragraph shall have effect subject to the following modifications—

(a) for the reference in sub-paragraph (2) to the amount of the credit there shall be substituted a reference to the amount of the foreign income tax in respect of the income (in the case of a dividend, foreign income tax not chargeable directly or by deduction in respect of the dividend being left out of account); and

(b) paragraphs (6) and (c) of sub-paragraph (3) shall not apply,

and subject to those modifications, shall have effect in relation to all income in the case of which credit falls to be given for foreign income tax under any arrangements for the time being in force by virtue of Part V of this Act.

8. Where credit for foreign excess profits tax falls to be given against excess profits tax in respect of any profits, no deduction for foreign excess profits tax (whether in respect of the same or any other profits) shall be made in computing the amount of the profits for the purposes of excess profits tax :

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply to so much of any foreign excess profits tax as is, by virtue of paragraph 6 of this Schedule, not to be allowed as a credit.

Special provisions as to dividends.

9. Where, in the case of any dividend, foreign income tax not chargeable directly or by deduction in respect of the dividend

*945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

827

is, under the arrangements, to be taken into account in considering whether any, and if so what, credit is to be given against income tax in respect of the dividend, the foreign income tax not so chargeable which is to be taken into account shall be that borne by the body corporate paying the dividend upon the relevant profits insofar as it is properly attributable to the proportion of the relevant profits which is represented by the dividend.

The relevant profits are—

(a) if the dividend is paid for a specified period, the profits of that period;

(b) if the dividend is not paid for a specified period but is paid

out of specified profits, those profits;

(c) if the dividend is paid neither for a specified period nor out of specified profits, the profits of the last period for which accounts of the body corporate were made up which ended before the dividend became payable:

Provided that if, in a case falling under sub-paragraph (a) or sub-paragraph (c) of this paragraph, the total dividend exceeds the profits available for distribution of the period mentioned in the said sub-paragraph (a) or the said sub-paragraph (c), as the case may be, the relevant profits shall be the profits of that period plus so much of the profits available for distribution of preceding periods (other than profits previously distributed or previously treated as relevant for the purposes of this paragraph) as is equal to the excess; and for the purposes of this proviso the profits of the most recent preceding period shall first be taken into account, then the profits of the next most recent preceding period, and so on.

10. Where—

(fl) the arrangements provide, in relation to dividends of some classes, but not in relation to dividends of other classes, that foreign income tax not chargeable directly or by deduction in respect of dividends is to be taken into account in considering whether any, and if so what, credit is to be given against income tax in respect of the dividends; and

(6) a dividend is paid which is not of a class in relation to which the arrangements so provide,

then, if the dividend is paid to a company which controls, directly or indirectly, not less than one half of the voting power in the company paying the dividend, credit shall be allowed as if the dividend were a dividend of a class in relation to which the arrangements so provide.

Miscellaneous.

11. Credit shall not be allowed under the arrangements against the income tax or excess profits tax chargeable in respect of the income or profits of any person for any year of assessment or chargeable accounting period if he elects that credit shall not be allowed in the case of his income or profits for that year or period.

7TH SCH.

—cont.

828 Ch. 13. Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

7th Sch. 12. Subject to the provisions of the next following paragraph, —cont- any claim for an allowance by way of credit shall be made to the

surveyor not later than six years from the end of the year of assessment or chargeable accounting period, as the case may be, and, if the surveyor objects to any such claim, it shall be heard and determined by the Special Commissioners as if it were an appeal to them against an assessment under Schedule D, and the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to the statement of a case for the opinion of the High Court on a point of law shall, with the necessary modifications, apply accordingly.

13. Where the amount of any credit given under the arrangements is rendered excessive or insufficient by reason of any adjustment of the amount of any tax payable either in the United Kingdom or under the laws of any other territory, nothing in the Income Tax Acts or in the enactments relating to excess profits tax limiting the time for the making of assessments or claims for relief shall apply to any assessment or claim to which the adjustment gives rise, being an assessment or claim made not later than six years from the time when all such assessments, adjustments and other determinations have been made, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, as are material in determining whether any and if so what credit falls to be given.

Section 58.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Amendments as to Exceptional Depreciation Allowances.

Part I.

Provisions Applicable to Excess Profits Tax and the National Defence Contribution.

1. In this Part of this Schedule the expression " exceptional depreciation allowance" means any allowance—

(a) under paragraph 3 of Part-I of the Seventh Schedule to the

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939 (hereinafter referred to as " the principal paragraph ") and subsection (1) of section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1940; or

(b) under the principal paragraph and the said subsection (1) as

applied in relation to the national defence contribution by subsection (2) of section forty-three of the Finance Act, 1941,

and any reference in this Part of this Schedule to the principal paragraph shall be construed as including a reference to that paragraph as extended by the said subsection (1) and as applied in relation to the national defence contribution.

2. An exceptional depreciation allowance shall be given notwithstanding that on the date determined by Parliament for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) of the principal paragraph the buildings, plant or machinery have not become obsolete or ceased to be required, and accordingly, in the said sub-paragraph (1), for the words " the

I945*

Finance (No, 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

829

buildings, plant or machinery, have, wholly or partially, become 8th Sch. obsolete or ceased to be required and the value thereof is less than the —cont.

net cost thereof " there shall be substituted the words "the value of the buildings, plant or machinery, or, where the buildings, plant or machinery have ceased to exist as such, the value of the remains thereof, is less than the net cost thereof

3. —(1) Where it is material for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) of the principal paragraph to ascertain the value of any buildings, plant or machinery on the date determined by Parliament for the purposes of that sub-paragraph, that value shall be ascertained as if the buildings, plant or machinery were in a proper state of repair.

(2) Where an allowance under the said sub-paragraph (1) is, or, but for the provisions of this paragraph, would be, made in respect of any buildings, plant or machinery by reference to the value thereof on the date determined by Parliament, and—

(a) on that date the buildings, plant or machinery are not in a

proper state of repair; and

(b) not later than six years after that date, the buildings, plant or

machinery are sold by the person who is or would be entitled to the allowance before all the repairs have been made which are necessary to make good the disrepair existing on that date; and

(c) the net proceeds of the sale are less than the value as ascertained for the purposes of the said sub-paragraph (1),

he may claim that the said value shall for those purposes be deemed to be reduced by such amount as may be just, having regard to the extent to which the said repairs have not been made good at the time of the sale:

Provided that the said value shall not be treated for the said purposes as having been reduced below the actual value of the buildings, plant or machinery in their actual state at the date determined by Parliament, or the net proceeds of the sale, whichever is the greater, plus any sums paid or payable to or for the benefit of the said person, under Part I or Part II of the War Damage Act, 1943, in respect of 6 &7 Geo. 6. damage to the buildings, plant or machinery, being damage which has c. 21. not been made good before the date determined by Parliament or, as the case may be, the date of the sale.

(3) In this paragraph and in the said sub-paragraph (1), any reference to the value of buildings, plant or machinery shall be construed as a reference to the value thereof to the person carrying on the trade or business, or to the amount which could be obtained therefor in the open market, whichever is the higher.

(4) Nothing in this paragraph shall apply in relation to any buildings, plant or machinery which, on the date determined by Parliament, are no longer in existence as such.

4. Paragraph (ii) of sub-paragraph (1) of the principal paragraph (which directs war damage payments to be taken into account in determining whether an exceptional depreciation allowance may be made, and, if so, the amount thereof) shall not apply in relation to

830

Ch. 13.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

8th Sch. any payments under Part I or Part II of the War Damage Act, 1943, in —cont. respect of any buildings, plant or machinery, unless—

(a) the buildings, plant or machinery have been sold before the

date determined by Parliament for the purposes of that sub-paragraph, or are at that date no longer in existence as such and

(b) the said payments have been or are to be made to or for the

benefit of the person who is entitled to the allowance or would . be entitled to the allowance if an allowance fell to be made.

5. —(1) Any excess in respect of which an exceptional depreciation allowance falls to be made shall be deemed to have begun to accrue on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, or on the date when the buildings, plant or machinery were provided, whichever is the later, and to have continued to accrue at an even rate until the date determined by Parliament, the date on which the buildings, plant or machinery were sold or the date on which the buildings, plant or machinery finally ceased to be used by the person to whom the allowance falls to be made, whichever is the earliest date, and the proportion of the excess properly attributable to any accounting period shall be determined accordingly :

Provided that, in relation to a person to whom the buildings, plant

or machinery have been transferred in such circumstances that they

are deemed by virtue of subsection (1) of section thirty-three of the

Finance Act, 1940, to have been provided by him, the reference in this

paragraph to the date when the buildings, plant or machinery were

provided shall be construed as a reference to the date of the transfer.

(2) Where under the enactments relating to excess profits tax or the national defence contribution it is necessary to make any apportionment of the profits or losses of any accounting period which falls partly but not wholly after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hunched and thirty-nine, then, notwithstanding any enactment relating to the principles upon which such apportionments are to be made, any exceptional depreciation allowance which falls to be taken into account in computing those profits or losses shall be attributed to that part only of that accounting period which falls after the said thirty-first day of March.

6. —(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect where—

(a) any buildings, plant or machinery are sold before, on, or not

later than six years after, the date determined by Parliament for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) of the principal paragraph; and

(b) the seller is a person to whom an exceptional depreciation

allowance, or an allowance under section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941, falls to be made in respect of the buildings, plant or machinery, whether by reason of the sale or otherwise; and

(c) at the time of the sale and, where the event giving rise to the

allowance is not the sale, also at the time of the event, the buildings, plant or machinery are not in a proper state of repair; and

1945-

Finance (No. 2) , 1945.

Ch. 13.

831

(d) the buyer is a body of persons over whom the seller has control, 8th Sch. or the seller is a body of persons over whom the buyer has —cont*

control, or both the seller and the buyer are bodies of persons and some other person has control over both of them.

(2) In computing, for the purposes of excess profits tax or the national defence contribution, the profits of any trade or business carried on by the buyer,—

(a) no deduction shall be allowed in respect of any expenditure

incurred in making good the disrepair existing at the time of the event giving rise to the allowance; and

(b) where, in the case of plant or machinery, the said disrepair is

such as to require the provision of new plant or machinery, no deduction shall be allowed in respect of the wear and tear of the new plant or machinery or in respect of the replacement of the new plant or machinery.

(3) Where—

(a) the buyer under such a sale as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph again sells the buildings, plant or machinery, or any part of them; and

(6) the second sale takes place before, on, or not later than six years after, the date determined by Parliament; and

(c) the second buyer is a body of persons over whom the first buyer has control, or the first buyer is a body of persons over whom the second buyer has control, or both the first buyer and the second buyer are bodies of persons and some other person has control over both of them,

the provisions of the last preceding sub-paragraph shall, in relation to the computation of the profits of any trade or business carried on by the second buyer, have effect as if the second sale had been a sale by the first seller direct to the second buyer, and so on for any subsequent sales.

(4) In this paragraph, references to the event giving rise to an exceptional depreciation allowance are references—

(a) if the allowance is made because, on the date determined by

Parliament, the value of the buildings, plant or machinery is less than the net cost thereof, to the occurrence of that date; and

(b) if the allowance is made because the buildings, plant or machinery are sold before the said date at a price which is less than the net cost thereof, to the sale. '

Part II

Provisions applicable to Income Tax, Excess Profits Tax and the National Defence Contribution 7

7. In this Part of this Schedule, the expression " exceptional depreciation allowance" means an allowance under section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1941, or an exceptional depreciation allowance as defined in paragraph 1 of Part I of this Schedule, and the expression " the

832 Ch. 13. Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

8th Sch. principal provisions" means the provisions of section nineteen of the

—cont. Finance Act, 1941, and any enactments amending that section, and

the principal paragraph as defined in paragraph 1 of Part I of this Schedule.

8. —(1) This paragraph shall have effect in relation to the sale of buildings, machinery or plant where either—

(a) the buyer is a body of persons over whom the seller has control,

or the seller is a body of persons over whom the buyer has control, or both the seller and the buyer are bodies of persons and some other person has control over both of them; or

(b) it appears with respect to the sale, or with respect to transac-

tions of which the sale is one, that the sole or main benefit which, apart from the provisions of this Schedule, might have been expected to accrue to the parties or any of them was the obtaining of any allowance or deduction for any of the purposes of the Income Tax Acts or of the enactments relating to excess profits tax or the national defence contribution.

(2) Where the buildings, machinery or plant are sold at a price other than the relevant price (as defined Tor the purposes of this paragraph), the like consequences shall ensue for the purposes of the principal provisions, in their application to all persons concerned, as would have ensued if the buildings, machinery or plant had been sold at the relevant price.

(3) In this paragraph the expression " the relevant price " means, in relation to any sale of buildings, machinery or plant, a price equal to—

(a) the price which they would have fetched if sold in the open

market; or

(b) the net cost of the buildings, machinery or plant to the seller, whichever is the less.

For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, the said net cost shall be treated as reduced by the aggregate amount of any deductions for wear and tear or depreciation, other than exceptional depreciation allowances, allowed to the seller in respect of the buildings, machinery or plant for the purposes of income tax, excess profits tax or the national defence contribution, as the case may be :

Provided that the reference in this sub-paragraph to deductions for wear and tear or depreciation shall, in relation to income tax. be deemed to include a reference to any allowance made under Part I or Part II of the Income Tax Act, 1945, and shall, in relation to excess profits tax and the national defence contribution, be deemed to include a reference to the additional percentage for which provision is made by paragraph 2 of Part I of the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, and to the appropriate proportion of any deduction for wear and tear or depreciation given for income tax purposes for the year 1938-39 or any previous year of assessment.

9. Any reference in the provisions of this Schedule or in the principal provisions to the sale of any property includes a reference to the exchange of any property, and, in the case of a leasehold interest, to the surrender thereof for valuable consideration, and all the said provisions shall be construed accordingly with the necessary adaptations, and, in particular, with the adaptation that references to the net proceeds of the sale and to the price shall be construed as including

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13.

833

references to the amount of the consideration for the exchange or surrender.

10. —(1) Any reference in the provisions of this Schedule or of the principal provisions to the sale .of any buildings, plant or machinery includes a reference to the sale thereof together with any other property, and, where the buildings, plant or machinery are sold together with other property, so much of the price of the whole of the property sold as, on a just apportionment, is properly attributable to the buildings, plant or machinery in question, shall be deemed to be the price of the buildings, plant or machinery for the purposes of those provisions, and references to the cost of the provision of buildings, plant or machinery shall be construed accordingly.

For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, all the property which is sold in pursuance of one bargain shall be deemed to be sold together, notwithstanding that separate prices are or purport to be agreed for separate items of that property or that there are or purport to be separate sales of separate items of that property.

(2) Where it is material, for the purposes of the principal provisions, to take account of any payment made or to be made in respect of buildings, plant or machinery under the War Damage Act, 1943, and any payment made or to be made under that Act is properly attributable partly to the buildings, plant or machinery in question and partly to other property, so much only of the payment as is properly attributable to the buildings, plant or machinery in question shall be taken into account for those purposes.

11. For the purposes of the principal provisions and the provisions of this Schedule, the sale of any buildings, plant or machinery shall be deemed to take place at the time of completion or the time when possession is given, whichever is the earlier.

12. References in this Schedule to a body of persons include references to a partnership.

13. In this Schedule, the expression " control ", in relation to a body corporate, means the power of a person to secure, by means of the holding of shares or the possession of voting power in or in relation to that or any other body corporate, or by virtue of any powers conferred by the articles of association or other document regulating that or any other body corporate, that the affairs of the first mentioned body corporate are conducted in accordance with the wishes of that person, and, in relation to a partnership, means the right to a share of more than one half of the assets, or of more than one half of the income, of the partnership.

14. In this Schedule, the expression " leasehold interest " includes the interest conferred by an agreement for a lease where the term to be covered by the lease has begun, and the interest conferred by any tenancy, but not the interest conferred by a mortgage :

Provided that, in the application of this Schedule to Scotland, the said expression means the interest of a tenant in property subject to a lease.

iG

8th Sch. —coni.

834

Ch. 13.

Finance {No, 2) Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Section 60.

NINTH SCHEDULE.

Modification of Enactments relating to the collection of Income Tax and Land Tax.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. 1. Subsection (3) of section thirty-seven of the Finance Act, 1931

c. 28. (which relates to the delivery of warrants to collectors) shall, subject

to the provisions of the Tenth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1942, apply in relation to collectors in and for the division of the City of London as it applies to collectors in the rest of England.

2. The enactments set out in Part II of the Third Schedule to the Finance Act, 1931, shall, from the passing of this Act, be repealed as well with respect to the division of the City of London as with respect to other parts of the United Kingdom and accordingly, in subsection (6) of section forty-four of that Act, the words "except so far as relates to the division of the City of London " are hereby repealed.

3. In Part I of the Tenth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1942—

(1 a)the proviso to sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 7; and

(6) in paragraph 8, in sub-paragraph (1), the words "outside the division of the City of London " and the words "outside that division," the proviso to sub-paragraph (2), and the whole of sub-paragraph (3); and

(c) as respects collectors appointed after the passing of this Act, in paragraph 10, in sub-paragraph (1), the words " outside the division of the City of London " and the whole of sub-paragraph (3),

are hereby repealed.

4. In Part II of the said Tenth Schedule, in paragraph 5, the words " outside the division of the City of London " and the words " outside that division ", and, as respects collectors appointed after the passing of this Act, the words in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 7 outside the division of the City of London " and the whole of sub-paragraph (3) of that paragraph, are hereby repealed.

1945-

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945.

Ch. 13,14.

835

TENTH SCHEDULE.

Section 62.

Enactments relating to Mechanically Propelled Vehicles

REPEALED AS FROM 1ST JANUARY, 1946.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

51 & 52 Vict. The Customs and Section four.

c. 8. 18 & 19 Geo. 5. Inland Revenue Act, 1888. The Finance Act, Section twelve, and the Third

c. 17. 1928. Schedule.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, Subsection (2) of section six.

c. 28. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. 1930. The Finance Act, In section twenty-five, the figures *' I " and " 3 ", and the proviso. Part I of the Seventh Schedule. In the paragraph substituted by Part III of the Seventh Schedule, the words " and the expressions pneumatic tyres ’ and coal gas ’ have respectively the same meanings as in paragraph 3 of this Schedule ". Subsection (5) of section one.

c. 19. 1933-

3 & 4 Geo. 6. The Gas and Steam

c. 6. Vehicles (Excise Duties) Act, 1940.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the law with respect to customs in the Isle of Man.

[20th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the duties of Annual duties customs imposed on goods removed or imported into the Isle of (continuat,on)-Man, being goods of the descriptions set out in the first column of the following Table, by the respective enactments set out in

3 G 2

836

Ch. 14.

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

the second column of that Table, shall continue to be payable until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-six :—

Table.

Description ol goods.

Enactment imposing duty.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 49.

14 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 24.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 36.

20 & 21 Geo. 3. c. 1.

16 & 17 Geo. 3. c. 27.

22 & 23 Geo. 3*

Ale and beer

Cocoa

Hops and extracts, essences and other similar preparations (other than hop oil) made from hops.

Hop oil

Matches

Silk and artificial silk and articles made wholly or in part from silk or artificial silk.

c. 41.

23 & 24 G«o. 3.

c. 40.

26 Geo. 5 & i Edw. 8. c. 45.

1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6.

c. 64.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 37. Spirits Sweets 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c, 68. Tea

Tobacco

Wines

Section 1 of the Act of 1940. Section 4 of the Act of 1924. Section 5 of the Act of 1925.

Section 3 of the Act of 1929.

Section 6 of the Act of 1940.

Section 7 of the Act of 1925, as amended by section 8 of the Act of 1926, section 9 of the Second Act of 1932, section 4 of the Act of 1933, section 3 of the Act of 1936 and section 3 of the Act of 1937-

Section 1 of the Act of 1943.

Section 3 of the Act of 1943.

Section 5 of the Act of 1938.

Section 4 of the Act of 1943.

Section 2 of the Act of 1943.

(2) Where any enactment set out in the second column of the foregoing Table confers power on the Governor to make orders varying or repealing the duties of customs payable on the goods referred to in that enactment or imposing a new duty on such goods, the provisions of that enactment relating to the said power shall continue in force until the said first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-six, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to any orders made in pursuance of any such power (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) which are for the time being in force.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

[Short title.] 2. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act,

1945-

1945- Public Health (Scotland) Cn. 15. 837

Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to consolidate with amendments the provisions of Part IV of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, as amended by the Public Health Act, 1904, relating to epidemic, endemic or infectious diseases.

[20th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Secretary of State may, as respects the whole or any part of Scotland, including the coastal waters thereof, make regulations—

(a) with a view to the treatment of persons affected with any epidemic, endemic or infectious disease and for preventing the spread of such diseases;

(b) for preventing danger to public health from vessels or

aircraft arriving at any place; and

Power of Secretary of State to make regulations with a view to the treatment of certain diseases, and for preventing the spread of

pn/'h dicnocpQ

(c) for preventing the spread of infection by means of any vessel or aircraft leaving any place, so far as may be necessary or expedient for the purpose of carrying out any treaty, convention, arrangement or engagement with any other country;

and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words, may by any such regulations apply, with or without modifications, to any disease to which the regulations relate any enactment (including any enactment in the Public Health (Scotland) Acts, 1897 to 1939) relating to the notification of disease or to notifiable

diseases.

(2) Regulations made under this section may provide for—

(a) the signals to be displayed by vessels or aircraft having

on board any case of epidemic, endemic or infectious disease;

(b) the questions to be answered by masters, pilots and other

persons on board any vessel or aircraft as to cases of such disease on board during the voyage or on arrival;

(c) the detention of vessels or aircraft and of persons on

board them;

(d) the duties to be performed in cases of such diseases by

masters, pilots, and other persons on board vessels or aircraft;

and may authorise the making of charges and provide for the recovery of such charges and of any expenses incurred in disinfection.

Ch. 15. Public Health (Scotland) 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(3) Regulations made under this section shall specify the authorities, whether local authorities or port local authorities, by whom they are to be enforced and executed, and may also provide for their enforcement and execution by officers of customs and excise and officers and men employed in the coastguard :

Provided that nothing in such regulations shall authorise any such authority, officer, or person to institute proceedings for an offence against the regulations.

(4) Authorised officers of any such authority, officers of customs and excise and officers and men employed in the coastguard shall have power to enter any premises, vessel, or aircraft for the purpose of executing, or superintending the execution of, any such regulations as aforesaid.

(5) Any person who wilfully neglects or refuses to obey or carry out, or obstructs the execution of, any regulations made by the Secretary of State under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and in the case of a continuing offence to a further fine not exceeding fifty pounds for every day on which the offence continues after conviction therefor.

(6) Regulations made by the Secretary of State under this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if either House of Parliament within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such regulations are laid before it resolves that the regulations be annulled, the regulations shall cease to have effect, but without prejudice to anything previously done thereunder or to the making of any new regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(7) The Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, by order authorise or require any two or more local authorities to act together for the purposes of this section, and may prescribe the mode of such joint action, and of defraying the costs thereof.

(8) In this section—

the expression " authorised officer" means as respects any local authority or port local authority, an officer of that authority authorised by them in writing, either generally or specially, to act in matters of any specified kind or in any specified matter:

Provided that the medical officer of health and sanitary inspector of any authority, shall by virtue of their appointments, be deemed to be authorised officers for the purposes of this Act;

1945-

Public Health (Scotland)

Act, 1945.

Ch. 15.

839

the expression " coastal waters" means waters within a distance of three nautical miles from any point on the coast measured from low water mark of ordinary spring tides;

the expression " local authority " means—

(a) in the case of a large burgh, the town council;

(b) in the case of counties combined for the purposes

mentioned in subsection (7) of section ten of the

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, the joint 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

county council; and c. 25.

(c) in the case of any other county, the county council;

the expression " county" means a county inclusive of any small burgh situate therein;

the expression " large burgh " and " small burgh " have the like meanings as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act,

1929 I

the expression " port local authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section one hundred and seventy-two of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897; 60 & 61 Vict.

the expression " vessel " has the same meaning as in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894. 57 & 58 Vict

c. 60.

Other expressions have the same meaning as in the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

2. Part IV of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, and the Repeal.

Public Health Act, 1904, so far as applying to Scotland are hereby 4 Edw 7-repealed: c*l6.

Provided that—

(i) any regulations made under the said enactments which

were in force immediately before the passing of this Act shall continue to have effect as if they had been made under this Act; and

(ii) any order made under section eighty-three of the Public

Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, which was in force immediately before the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been made under subsection (7) of the foregoing section.

3. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Scotland) Act, Citation. 1945, and the Public Health (Scotland) Acts, 1897 to 1939 and

this Act may be cited together as the Public Health (Scotland)

Acts, 1897 to 1945.

840 Ch. 16. Workmen's Compensation 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

(Pneumoconiosis) , 1945.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to make provision for disregarding, for the purposes of certain time limits in schemes made under section forty-seven of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, periods of war service or war employment.

[20th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Power by schemes to make

retrospective provision disregarding war service or war employment.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 84.

1.—(1) A provision of any scheme (in this section referred to as an " amending scheme ") made under section forty-seven of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, as amended by subsequent enactments (which provides for the application of that Act to workmen suffering from any form of pneumoconiosis) that any period of war service or war employment shall be disregarded for the purposes of so much of any scheme made under the said section forty-seven—

(a) as excludes compensation for an injury where a workman

has not been employed in specified employment within a specified time before the date of the injury;

(b) as provides for contributions towards compensation from,

and the furnishing of information as to, employers who have employed the workman in respect of whom the compensation is payable if he has been employed by them within a specified period before the date of the injury; or

(c) as requires medical examination on engagement or trans-

ference unless the workman has been employed in specified employment within a specified period,

may have effect whether the workman was last employed in the specified employment, or employed by the employer in question, or engaged or transferred, before or after the coming into operation of the amending scheme.

(2) Any such provision as aforesaid of an amending scheme may apply either generally or subject to such exceptions as may be specified in the scheme.

(3) In this Act the expression " period of war service or war employment " means, in relation to an amending scheme, any period, between the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and such date as may be specified in the amending scheme, during which a workman has been engaged in any service or employment which such authority as may be specified in the scheme are satisfied the workman would not have undertaken but for a state of war.

1945- Workmen's Compensation Ch. 16, 17. 841

(Pneumoconiosis) Act, 1945.

2. This Act may be cited as the Workmen's Compensation Short title and (Pneumoconiosis) Act, 1945, and this Act and the Workmen's citation. Compensation Acts, 1925 to 1943, may be cited as the Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1925 to 1945.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to provide for the maintenance of British civil police forces in certain countries and territories outside the United Kingdom; for the discipline and pensions of members of such forces; and for purposes connected therewith.

[20th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parlia- Maintenance ment any expenses incurred by a Secretary of State, to such °* British amount as may be sanctioned by the Treasury, in respect of forcef° 3 06 persons engaged under his control in the performance of police overseas, duties in any foreign country for the time being in the occupation of His Majesty, or in the performance of police duties on behalf of the government of any country or territory outside the United Kingdom.

(2) The Secretary of State may make regulations with respect to the government and discipline of any persons engaged as aforesaid; and may, with the approval of the Treasury, make regulations providing for the payment out of moneys provided by Parliament of pensions, allowances and gratuities to or in respect of such persons.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing

subsection, regulations made thereunder for the payment of pensions, allowances and gratuities may direct that, subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be prescribed by the regulations, the provisions of the Police Pensions Act, 1921, n & 12 Geo. 5. shall apply— c. 31.

(a) in relation to persons engaged as aforesaid under the control of the Secretary of State; and

(6) in relation to persons who, after being so engaged, serve in a home police force or in any such other capacity as is mentioned in section ten of the said Act (which relates to persons who serve successively in home police forces and

842 Ch. 17. Police (Overseas 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

in certain other capacities, including that of a civil servant),

as if, while so engaged, they were serving in a home police force and as if the Secretary of State were the police authority for that force.

(4) Any sums received by a Secretary of State under the Police Pensions Act, 1921, as applied by regulations made under this section, either by way of rateable deductions from the pay of persons engaged as aforesaid under his control, or by way of contributions from any other police authority towards the cost of any pension, allowance or gratuity payable under the regulations, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(5) Any regulations made under this section shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if either House within the period of forty days after the regulations have been so laid resolves that the regulations be annulled, they shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the making of new regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

56 & 57 Vict. (6) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not c* 66' apply to any regulations made under this section.

Special 2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any member

to<membere’s of a home police force who, whether before or after the com-of home mencement of this Act, has engaged, with the consent of the police forces, appropriate authority and of the Secretary of State, for a period of overseas service shall during that period be treated as if he were not a member of his home police force; but, except where a pension, allowance or gratuity becomes payable to him out of moneys provided by Parliament by virtue of regulations made under this Act, he shall be entitled at the end of his period of overseas service to revert to his home police force in the rank in which he was serving immediately before he engaged as aforesaid, and subject to the provisions of any regulations made under section one of this Act, he shall be treated for the purposes of the Police Pensions Act, 1921, and of any scale prescribed by or under the Police Regulations fixing his rate of pay by reference to his length of service, as if he had been serving in that force during that period.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing subsection, if any member of a home police force who has engaged as aforesaid is dismissed from his overseas service by the disciplinary authority established by regulations made under section one of this Act, or

1945-

Police (Overseas Service) Act, 1945.

Ch. 17.

843

is required by that authority to resign as an alternative to dismissal, he shall be deemed for the purposes of the Police Regulations to have committed, as a member of his home police force, an offence against discipline, and may be dealt with under those Regulations accordingly; and for the purposes of this subsection a certificate of a disciplinary authority established under regulations made under section one of this Act, certifying that any person has been so dismissed or required to resign as aforesaid, shall be evidence of the fact so certified.

(3) Where, whether before or after the commencement of • this Act, a person to whom section one of the Police and 2 & 3 Geo. 6. Firemen (War Service) Act, 1939, applies, being a person who c- io3-ceased to serve as a constable in order to serve in His Majesty’s forces, upon ceasing to serve in those forces has engaged, with the consent of the appropriate authority for his home police force, for a period of overseas service, he shall be deemed for the purposes of the said Act to have resumed service as a constable, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to him as if he had engaged for a period of overseas service from his home police force.

3.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings Interpretation,

hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say :— short title and

extent

" Appropriate authority ", in relation to a member of a home police force, means the chief officer of police acting with the consent of the police authority, or, in the case of a member of a police force being the chief officer of police, means the police authority;

" Home police force" means a police force within the meaning of the Police Pensions Act, 1921, and in relation to a person to whom section one of the Police and Firemen (War Service) Act, 1939, applies, means the force in which he was serving immediately before he ceased to serve as a constable;

" Overseas service" means police service performed in any country or territory outside the United Kingdom, being service the expenses of which are payable under subsection (1) of section one of this Act;

" Police Regulations" means the regulations made under

the Police Act, 1919. 9 & 10 Geo. 5.

C 46

(2) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Police (Overseas Service) Act*

1945-

(4) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

844

Ch. 18.

Statutory Orders

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 2.

Application of Act to certain statutory orders, made under future enactments.

CHAPTER 18.

Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Application of Act to certain statutory orders made under future

enactments.

2. Preliminary proceedings.

3. Petitions.

4. Proceedings consequent upon report as to petitions.

5. Powers of joint committee on opposed orders.

6. Operation of orders.

7. Costs.

8. Application of Act to orders made under certain existing enactments.

9. Standing Orders for the purposes of this Act.

10. Application to orders extending to Scotland only.

11. Interpretation.

12. Short title, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Preliminary Proceedings.

Second Schedule.—Enactments conferring power to make orders in the case of which special parliamentary procedure is substituted by this Act for provisional order procedure.

An Act to regulate the procedure to be followed in connection with statutory orders required by any future enactment to be subject to special parliamentary procedure; to apply such procedure to orders made under certain existing enactments; and to enable such procedure to be applied to certain other orders.

[20th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where, by any Act passed after the passing of this Act, power to make or confirm orders is conferred on any authority, and provision is made requiring that any such order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure, the provisions of this Act shall apply in relation to any order so made or confirmed.

(2) An order to which this Act applies shall be of no effect until it has been laid before Parliament by the Minister and has been brought into operation in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

1945* Statutory Orders Ch. 18. 845

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

2.—(1) No order to which this Act applies shall be laid before Preliminary Parliament until the requirements of the empowering enactment proceedings, with respect to the publication or service of notices, the consideration of objections, and the holding of inquiries or other proceedings preliminary to the making or confirmation of the order have been complied with, or, where no such requirements are imposed by that enactment, until the requirements of the First Schedule to this Act have been complied with; and after any such requirements as aforesaid have been complied with, notice of the Minister’s intention to lay the order before Parliament shall be published in the London Gazette not less than three days before the order is so laid.

(2) When any order to which this Act applies is laid before Parliament there shall, together with it, be laid before Parliament a certificate by the Minister specifying the requirements as to the matters aforesaid which relate to the order, and certifying that they have been complied with. Where a local inquiry has been dispensed with in accordance with any such requirements the said certificate shall include a statement to that effect.

(3) In this section the expression " empowering enactment," in relation to any order, includes any enactment other than this Act which has the effect of requiring the publication or service of notices, the consideration of objections or the holding of inquiries or other proceedings preliminary to the making or confirmation thereof.

3.—(1) If, within the period of fourteen days beginning with Petitions, the day on which an order to which this Act applies is laid before Parliament, or, if the order is so laid on different days, with the later of the two days, a petition is duly presented against the order, the petition shall stand referred for examination to the Lord Chairman of Committees and the Chairman of Ways and Means (hereinafter together referred to as " the Chairmen ")

(2) The following provisions shall have effect with respect to petitions against an order to which this Act applies:—

(a) a petition praying for particular amendments to be made in the order shall specify the amendments asked for, and shall be known as a petition for amendment;

(b) a prayer against the order generally shall not be included in a petition for amendment, but may be contained in a separate petition which shall be known as a petition of general objection.

(3) As soon as practicable after the expiration of the said period of fourteen days, the Chairmen shall take into consideration all petitions referred to them under this section, and if the Chairmen are satisfied with respect to any such petition that the provisions of this Act and of Standing Orders have been

846

Ch. 18.

Statutory Orders 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

Proceedings consequent upon report as to petitions.

complied with in respect thereof and that the petition discloses a substantial ground of objection to the order, they shall certify that the petition is proper to be received and is a petition for amendment or a petition of general objection as the case may be.

(4) Where in the opinion of the Chairmen a petition presented as a petition for amendment involves amendments of the order which would constitute a negative of the main purpose of the order, they shall if they certify that the petition is proper to be received, certify it as a petition of general objection provided that if the petitioner satisfies the Chairmen that some only of the amendments involved would constitute a negative of the main purpose of the order, the Chairmen may direct the deletion of so much of the petition as requires such amendments and certify the remainder thereof as a petition for amendment.

(5) In respect of every order to which this Act applies, the Chairmen shall report whether any petitions have been presented against it, and if so what petitions, if any, have been certified as proper to be received and as petitions for amendment and petitions of general objection respectively; and subject to Standing Orders, every such report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

4.—(1) If either House, within the period of fourteen days beginning with the date on which the report of the Chairmen relating to any order to which this Act applies is laid before it, resolves that the order be annulled, the order shall thereupon become void and no further proceedings shall be taken thereon, but without prejudice to the laying before Parliament of a new order:

Provided that on the consideration of any motion for the annulment of an order under this subsection either House may, if a petition of general objection to the order has been certified as proper to be received, and the House is of opinion that the question of annulment ought not to be determined until that objection has been further examined, order that the petition be referred to a joint committee of both Houses in accordance with the provisions of this section, and in that case the order shall not be annulled except in accordance with the provisions of the two next following sections.

In reckoning the said period of fourteen days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(2) If within the period mentioned in the foregoing subsection (hereinafter referred to as " the resolution period ") no resolution that the order be annulled has been passed, then, subject as hereinafter provided, any petitions certified by the Chairmen as proper to be received shall stand referred to a joint committee of both Houses:

1945-

Statutory Orders

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

Ch. 18.

847

Provided that where any petition so certified has been certified as a petition of general objection, that petition shall not stand so referred unless either House has ordered as aforesaid that the petition be so referred.

(3) If during the resolution period neither House has resolved that the order be annulled, and no petitions relating to the order stand referred to the joint committee under this section, the order shall come into operation at the expiration of that period, or on such later date, if any, as may be specified in the order.

5. —(1) Where any petition against an order to which this Powers of joint Act applies is referred to a joint committee of both Houses under comn^d the last foregoing section, the order shall stand referred to that committee for the purpose of the consideration of the petition,

and the committee shall have power to report the order either without amendment or with such amendments as they think expedient to give effect, either in whole or in part, to any such petition, and with such consequential amendments, if any, as they think proper.

(2) Where any petition so referred to the joint committee is a petition of general objection, and the committee, upon consideration of the petition, are satisfied that effect ought to be given thereto, they may report the order with amendments notwithstanding that the petition is one of general objection, but if in their opinion the order ought not to take effect, they shall report that the order be not approved.

(3) Subject to Standing Orders, the report of the joint committee in respect of any such order shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

6. —(1) Where an order to which this Act applies is reported Operation of by the joint committee without amendment, the order shallorders* come into operation on the date on which the report of the committee is laid before Parliament in accordance with the last foregoing section, or on such later date, if any, as may be specified

in the order.

(2) Where any such order is reported by the joint committee with amendments, then, subject as hereinafter provided, the order shall come into operation as so amended on such date as the Minister may, by notice given in the prescribed manner, determine:

Provided that if the Minister considers it inexpedient that the order should take effect as so amended, he may, by notice given in the prescribed manner, withdraw the order, or may cause the order to be submitted to Parliament for further consideration by means of a Bill for the confirmation thereof.

848

Ch. 18.

Statutory Orders 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

Costs.

28 & 29 Vict, c. 27.

34 & 35 Vict c. 3.

10 & 11 Vict, c. 69.

12 & 13 Vict, c. 78.

(3) Where the joint committee report, with respect to any such order as aforesaid, that the order be not approved, the order shall not take effect unless it is confirmed by Act of Parliament.

(4) A Bill presented for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section shall set out the order as amended by the joint committee, and any such Bill shall be treated for all purposes as a public Bill except that it shall, after its presentation, be deemed to have passed through all its stages up to and including committee in the House in which it is presented, and shall be ordered to be considered in that House as if it had been reported from a committee thereof, and as if the amendments had been made in committee on the Bill; and when the Bill has been read a third time and passed in that House, the like proceedings shall be taken in the second House.

(5) A Bill presented for the purposes of subsection (3) of this section shall set out the order as referred to the joint committee, and any such Bill shall be treated for all purposes as a public Bill, except that—

(a) where a petition for amendment of the order certified

as proper to be received was not dealt with by the joint committee, the Bill shall, after being read a second time in the House in which it is presented, be referred to that committee for the purposes of the consideration of that petition, and thereafter shall be ordered to be considered in that House as if it had been reported from a committee thereof; and when the Bill has been read a third time and passed in that House, it shall be deemed to have passed through all its stages up to and including committee in the second House;

(b) where no such petition has been so certified, the Bill

shall, after its presentation, be treated as having passed all its stages up to and including committee in the House in which it is presented, and shall be ordered to be considered in that House as if it had been reported from a committee thereof; and when the Bill has been read a third time and passed in that House the like proceedings shall be taken in the second House.

7.—(1) A joint committee by which an order to which this Act applies is considered shall have the like power to award costs as a select committee of either House in relation to a Provisional Order Bill under the Parliamentary Costs Act, 1865, as applied by the Parliamentary Costs Act, 1871, and the provisions of the first mentioned Act shall apply accordingly subject to any necessary modifications.

(2) The provisions of the House of Commons Costs Taxation Act, 1847, and the House of Lords Costs Taxation Act, 1849, shall apply with any necessary modifications to costs incurred

1945- Statutory Orders Ch. 18. 849

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

in respect of an order to which this Act applies, as they apply to

costs incurred in respect of a private Bill, and section two of the

House of Commons Costs Taxation Act, 1879 (which requires the 42 & 43 vict.

Taxation Officer to tax the costs of Bills and provisional orders c. 17.

on the request of a Secretary of State or the Minister of Health)

shall have effect as if the reference therein to a provisional

order included a reference to an order to which this Act

applies, and as if any reference therein to a Secretary of State

or the Minister of Health included a reference to the Minister.

(3) The reasonable costs incurred by a local authority in applying for or supporting an order to which this Act applies, or in opposing any such order, including costs incurred in connection with any local inquiry preliminary thereto, shall, to such extent as may be sanctioned by the Minister of Health, be deemed to be expenses properly incurred by the local authority and shall be paid accordingly, and the local authority may borrow for the purpose of defraying such costs.

8.—(1) This Act shall apply to any order made or confirmed Application after the commencement of this Act under any of the enactments oJdersfmade specified in the Second Schedule to this Act, being an order unde?certain which, but for the provisions of this subsection, would be existing enact-provisional only and of no effect until confirmed by Parliament, ments. and accordingly, in relation to any order so made or confirmed, the provisions of those enactments shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in relation thereto in the second column of that Schedule.

(2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that in the application of this Act—

(a) to any order made by the Minister of Town and Country

Planning and the appropriate Minister under subsection

(2) of section thirty-five or paragraph of subsection (1)

of section thirty-six of the Town and Country Planning 7 8 Geo. 6.

Act, 1944 (which provide that certain decisions andc* 47

consents given by those Ministers must in certain cases

be embodied in an order made by them); or

(b) to any order made by the Minister of Health under subsection (2) of section twelve or subsection (6) of

section twenty-six of the Water Act, 1945 (which 8 & 9 Geo. 6. provide that the approval by that Minister of certain c* 42-agreements shall in certain cases be given by order),

the requirements imposed by the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, and by the Town and Country Planning Acts, 1932 and 1943, with respect to the procedure to be followed in connection with the giving of such decisions and consents by the Minister of Town and Country Planning and the appropriate Minister otherwise than by order, and the provisions of the Water Act,

1945, with respect to the giving of such approval by the Minister

3 H

850 Ch. 18. Statutory Orders 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

of Health otherwise than by order, are to be deemed for the purposes of section two of this Act to be requirements with respect to proceedings preliminary to the making of the order.

(3) If at any time after the commencement of this Act an address is presented to His Majesty by both Houses of Parliament praying that the provisions of this Act be applied to orders thereafter to be made under any enactment passed before the commencement of this Act, in substitution for the provisions of any such enactment providing that such orders shall be provisional only and shall not have effect until confirmed by Parliament, His Majesty may by Order in Council make provision for that purpose; and any such Order in Council may adapt or modify any enactment to such extent as may be expedient in consequence of the order.

(4) The power to make Orders in Council conferred by this section shall include power to revoke or vary any such Order by a subsequent Order.

Standing 9. Without prejudice to any other powers exercisable in that

purpSes° of the behalf by the House of Lords and the House of Commons respec-Act ° tively. Standing Orders may be made for any purpose connected with the provisions of this Act, and in particular—

(a) for regulating the manner in which petitions against an order to which this Act applies shall be framed and presented, and for extending the period of fourteen days prescribed by this Act in relation to the presentation of such petitions in any case where that period expires on a day on which the House is not sitting or, in the case of the House of Lords, is sitting for judicial business only;

(b) for enabling the functions of the Lord Chairman of

Committees and of the Chairman of Ways and Means under this Act to be performed by any deputy appointed in accordance with Standing Orders;

(c) for regulating the proceedings of the Chairmen in connec-

tion with the examination of petitions under this Act;

(d) for prescribing the cases in which a petitioner against an

order to which this Act applies shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as having locus standi, and for enabling the Chairmen to determine questions of locus standi in connection with the examination of petitions;

(e) for prescribing the constitution of any joint committee

of both Houses which may be appointed for the purposes of this Act;

(/) for regulating the proceedings of any such committee upon the consideration of any order or Bill referred to them, and in particular for enabling the committee, if satisfied that an amendment prayed for by any petition which

1945*

Statutory Orders

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

Ch. 18.

851

is referred to them may affect the interests of persons not represented before them, to afford to any such person an opportunity to be so represented;

(:) for regulating the procedure to be followed in connection with any Bill introduced under section six of this Act; and

(h) for prescribing anything required under this Act to be prescribed.

10.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for the Application to purpose of the application of this Act to orders extending to or<?er. Scotland only. sSSESoS*.

(2) For section two the following section shall be substituted :—

" 2.—(1) Before any order to which this Act applies is made or confirmed by the Minister, the requirements of the empowering enactment with respect to the service of notices shall be complied with, and the following notice shall be given by advertisement in the Edinburgh Gazette and, in the case of an order relating to a particular area, in at least one newspaper circulating in that area, that is to say—

(a) in the case of an order to be made by the Minister on

the application of any person, notice by the applicant of the purport of the application;

(b) in the case of an order to be confirmed by the Minister, notice by the applicant of the order as submitted by him for confirmation;

(c) in the case of an order to be made by the Minister

otherwise than on the application of any person, notice by the Minister of the order as proposed to be made.

(2) Any such notice shall specify the time within which

and the manner in which objections may be made to the application or to the proposed order, as the case may be, and if any objection (other than an objection which in the opinion of the Minister is frivolous or which relates to a matter that can be dealt with by an arbiter by whom compensation is to be assessed) is duly made in the time and manner so specified or in accordance with the provisions of the empowering enactment and is not withdrawn, or if for any other reason the Minister considers an inquiry necessary, he shall direct an inquiry to be held by Commissioners under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936, and 26 Geo. 5 & the provisions of that Act with regard to inquiries there- 1 Edw-8-c* 52 under shall apply in relation to inquiries to be held under

3H2

852 Ch. 18. Statutory Orders 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

this section subject to the following and any other necessary modifications:—

(a) for any reference to the Secretary of State (except

in paragraph (a) of subsection (6) of section six which empowers the Secretary of State to prescribe a scale of costs) there shall be substituted a reference to the Minister:

Provided that subsections (5) and (6) of section five (which relate to the taking of Commissioners from the extra-parliamentary panel and to the filling of casual vacancies) shall, in their application to an order made by the Minister otherwise than on the application of any person, have effect with the substitution of references to the Lord President of the Court of Session for references to the Secretary of State:

(b) subsection (4) of section six (which relates to the reference of recommendations to the Commissioners) shall not apply.

(3) The power conferred by section fifteen of the aforesaid Act to make general orders shall extend to the making of general orders for the regulation of proceedings in inquiries directed to be held under this section, including the fixing, with the consent of the Treasury, of a scale of fees to be paid by applicants for, and supporters and opponents of, orders to which this Act applies.

(4) If the Minister is not prepared to accept the recommendations of the Commissioners with regard to any application or proposed order referred to them under this section, he may cause to be presented to Parliament a Bill for the confirmation of the order, and the provisions of section nine of the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936, shall apply to such Bill in like manner as they apply to the Confirmation Bills therein mentioned. 5

(5) When any order to which this Act applies is laid before Parliament, or a Bill for the confirmation of any such order is presented to Parliament in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection, there shall, together with it, be laid before or presented to Parliament, a statement by the Minister specifying any objections made to the order and not withdrawn; stating whether an inquiry has been held under subsection (2) of this section, and, in any case where any inquiry was not so held, what objections, if any, were (a) in the opinion of the Minister frivolous, or (b) related to matters which could be dealt with by an arbiter compensation.

1945-

Statutory Orders

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

Ch. 18.

853

(6) In this section, the expression ‘ empowering enactment in relation to any order includes any enactment other than this Act which has the effect of requiring the service of notices in connection therewith, and for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section a notice shall be sufficient notice of an order if it sets out the purport of the order and specifies a place where copies thereof may be inspected free of charge at all reasonable hours."

(3) For section four the following section shall be substituted :—

" 4.—(1) If either House within the period of fourteen days beginning with the date on which the report of the Chairmen relating to any order to which this Act applies is laid before it, resolves that the order be annulled, the order shall thereupon become void, and no further proceedings shall be taken thereon, but without prejudice to the laying before Parliament of a new order.

In reckoning any such period, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(2) If a petition against the order has been certified by the Chairmen as proper to be received, either House may, within the period mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, on the consideration of a motion that the petition be referred to a joint committee of both Houses or of a motion for the annulment of the order under the last foregoing subsection order that the petition be referred to a joint committee of both Houses.

Provided that the order shall not be annulled except in accordance with the next two succeeding sections if either—

(i) a petition of general objection has been so referred; or

(ii) a petition for amendment has been so referred on consideration of a motion for annulment.

(3) If, at the expiration of the period mentioned in subsection (1) of this section neither House has resolved that the order be annulled or ordered that a petition against the order be referred to the joint committee, the order shall come into operation at the expiration of that period or on such later date, if any, as may be specified in the order."

(4) Section six of this Act shall have effect as if—

(i) in paragraph (a) of subsection (5) for the words from

" certified as " to " joint committee " there were substituted the words "has been referred to the joint committee and has not been dealt with by them "; and

(ii) in paragraph (b) of the said subsection for the word

" certified " there was substituted the word "referred ".

854

Ch. 18.

Statutory Orders 9 & io Geo. 6.

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

54 & 55

c. 34.

Interpretation.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 83.

Short title, commence ment and extent.

(5) Section seven of this Act shall have effect as if for subsection (3) the following subsection were substituted:—

" (3) The expenses reasonably incurred by a local authority within the meaning of the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, in applying for or supporting or opposing an order to which this Act applies including expenses incurred in connection with any inquiry before Commissioners under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936, shall, save as otherwise provided in any enactment, be defrayed in like manner as expenditure by the authority on the functions for the purposes of which such application was made, supported or opposed by the authority.0

11. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say :—

" Chairman of Ways and Means" means the Chairman of Ways and Means in the House of Commons, and includes any deputy acting on his behalf in accordance with Standing Orders;

" Local authority" means any authority being, within the meaning of the Local Loans Act, 1875, an authority having power to levy a rate.

" Lord Chairman of Committees 0 means the Lord Chairman of Committees of the House of Lords, and includes any deputy acting on his behalf in accordance with Standing Orders;

" Order "includes a scheme, certificate or byelaws;

0 Prescribed" means prescribed by Standing Orders under this Act;

" Standing Orders" means standing orders of the House of Lords and the House of Commons respectively;

" The applicant/’ in relation to an order to which this Act applies, means the person on whose application the order is made or confirmed;

0 The Minister," in relation to any such order, means the Minister of the Crown responsible for laying the order before Parliament.

(2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that any power to amend or revoke an order to which this Act applies by a subsequent order may be exercised notwithstanding that the original order has been confirmed by Act of Parliament in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

12. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of June, nineteen hundred and forty-six.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1945-

Statutory Orders

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

Ch. 18.

855

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Preliminary Proceedings

Section 2.

1. Before the order is made or confirmed, the following notice shall be given by advertisement in the London Gazette and, in the case of an order relating to a particular area, in at least one newspaper circulating in that area, that is to say—

(a) in the case of an order to be made on the application of any person, notice of the purport of the application shall be given by the applicant;

(b) in the case of an order to be confirmed on the application of

any person, notice of the order as submitted for confirmation shall be given by the applicant;

(c) in the case of an order to be made otherwise than on the application of any person, notice of the order as proposed to be made shall be given by the authority empowered to make it.

2. Every such notice shall specify the time, not being less than twenty-eight days, within which and the manner in which objections may be made to the application or to the order, as the case may be.

3. If any such objection as aforesaid is duly made and is not withdrawn, the authority empowered to make or confirm the order shall take the objection into consideration, and shall cause a local inquiry to be held unless they are satisfied that in the special circumstances of the case the holding of such an inquiry is unnecessary.

4. Notice of any such inquiry as aforesaid shall be given in such manner as the authority empowered to make or confirm the order may direct, and all persons interested shall be permitted to attend the inquiry and make objections; and the provisions of subsections (2)

to (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government 23 & 24 Geo. 5. Act, 1933 (which relate to evidence and costs) shall apply in relation c. 51 to any such inquiry as if for any reference therein to the department there were substituted a reference to the authority empowered to make or confirm the order.

5. For the purposes of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, a notice shall be sufficient notice of an order if it sets out the purport of the order and specifies a place where copies thereof may be inspected free of charge at all reasonable hours.

856

Ch. 18.

(Statutory Orders

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Section 8. ENACTMENTS CONFERRING POWER TO MAKE ORDERS IN THE CASE OF

which Special Parliamentary Procedure is substituted by this Act for Provisional Order Procedure.

Enactment. Amendment.

The Town and Country Planning Act, 1944 (7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 47).

Subsections (4) and (5) of section thirteen.

Subsections (1) and (2) of section fourteen.

Subsection (7) of section twenty-five.

Subsection (6) of section twenty-six.

Subsection (4) of section twenty-seven.

Subsection (3) of section thirty-five.

Paragraphs (d) and (e) of subsection (1) of section thirty-six.

Section sixteen For subsection (4) there shall be substi-

tuted the following subsection :—

" (4) This section shall not apply to an order which is confirmed by Act of Parliament under section six of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, but except as aforesaid shall have effect in relation to an order to which that Act applies as if in subsection (1) for the reference to the date on which notice of the making or confirmation of the order by the Minister having jurisdiction to make or confirm it is first published in accordance with the provisions of this Act in that behalf there were substituted a reference to the date on which the order becomes operative under the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, and as if in subsection (2) the words ‘ and shall become operative on the date on which such notice as aforesaid is first published as aforesaid ’ were omitted."

For the words *' provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament ", wherever those words occur, there shall be substituted the words "subject to special parliamentary procedure ".

1945-

Statutory Orders

(Special Procedure) , 1945.

Ch. 18.

857

Enactment

Amendment.

The Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945 (8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 33).

Subsections (4) and (5) of section thirteen.

Subsections (1) and (2) of section fourteen.

Subsection (7) of section twenty-four.

Subsection (6) of section twenty-five.

Subsection (4) of section twenty-six.

Subsection (3) of section thirty-four.

Paragraphs (i) and (e) of subsection (1) of section thirty-five.

For the words "provisional only and shall be of no effect until confirmed by Parliament ", wherever those words occur, there shall be substituted the words "subject to special parliamentary procedure."

Section fifteen For subsection (5) there shall be sub-

stituted the following subsection :— " (5) This section shall not apply to an order which is confirmed by Act of Parliament under subsection (4) of section two as read with section ten of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, or under section six of that Act, but except as aforesaid shall have effect in relation to an order to which that Act applies as if for the reference in subsection (1) to the date on which notice of the making or confirmation of the order by the Minister having jurisdiction to make or confirm it is first published in accordance with the provisions of this Act in that behalf, there were substituted a reference to the date on which the order comes into operation under the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, and as if subsection (4) were omitted."

2ND Sch. —coni.

Section twenty-four ... In subsection (4) for the words from

" considering the objection " to " for the purpose " there shall be substituted the words "causing an inquiry to be held ".

In subsection (5) for the words from " consider the objection " to " for the purpose " there shall be substituted the words " cause an inquiry to be held

858

Ch. 18.

Statutory Orders 9 10 Geo. 6.

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

2ND Sch —coni.

Enactment.

Amendment,

Section fifty After section fifty there shall be inserted

the following section :—

"50a—(1) Any inquiry in relation to an Order under this Act which in certain events becomes subject to special parliamentary procedure, and any hearing in connection with an appeal against the refusal, or the grant, subject to conditions, of an interim development application by statutory undertakers, or with such an application made by such undertakers and referred to the Secretary of State, or with the revocation or modification of permission for interim development granted to such undertakers shall, if the Ministers concerned so direct, be held by Commissioners under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936; and any direction so given shall be deemed to have been given under section two, as read with section ten of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

(2) Paragraphs 4 and 5 of the First Schedule to this Act shall not apply in relation to any order under this Act which in certain events becomes subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(3) Nothing in subsections (2) to (9) of the last preceding section shall apply to any inquiry under this section by Commissioners under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936.

(4) The provisions of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, with regard to the publication of notices in the Edinburgh Gazette and in a newspaper, shall, notwithstanding anything in that Act contained, not apply to any order under this Act which is subject to special parliamentary procedure.’*

Second Schedule ... In paragraph 2 after the word "publish "

there shall be inserted the words "by Gazette and local advertisement "; sub-paragraph (3) shall be omitted.

Third Schedule In paragraph 3 for the words in sub-para-

graph (2) from " afford that person ’* to " for the purpose ", there shall be substituted the words "cause an inquiry to be held ",

1945-

Statutory Orders

{Special Procedure) , 1945.

Ch. 18.

859

Enactment.

Amendment.

The Local Government (Boundary Commission) Act, 1945 (8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 38).

Subsection (9) of section For the words "provisional only and shall three. be of no effect until confirmed by

Parliament " there shall be substituted the words "subject to special parliamentary procedure".

The Water Act, 1945 (8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 42).

Subsection (5) of section For the words "provisional only and not

have effect until they are confirmed by Parliament ", wherever those words occur, there shall be substituted the words "subject to special parliamentary procedure ".

nine.

Subsection (4) of section ten.

Subsection (3) of section thirty-two.

Subsection (2) of section thirty-three.

Subsections (2) and (5) of section twelve.

Subsection (7) of section twenty-four.

Subsections (6) and (7) of section twenty-six.

Section fourteen

First Schedule

For the words "provisional only and not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament ", wherever those words occur, there shall be substituted the words " subject to special parliamentary procedure ".

In subsection (2), for the words "provisional only and shall not have effect until they are confirmed by Parliament " there shall be substituted the words "subject to special parliamentary procedure ".

In paragraphs 8,17 and 23, for the words "provisional only and shall not have effect until it is confirmed by Parliament ", whenever those words occur, there shall be substituted the words "subject to special parliamentary procedure ".

In paragraphs 9 and 18, for the words "notification and confirmation ", in both places where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words "and notification ", and after the word " Schedule ", in both places where that word occurs, there shall be inserted the words "including any costs incurred in relation to any such order under the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945 ".

In paragraph 24, for the words "and the confirmation of orders thereunder " there shall be substituted the words "including any costs incurred in relation to any such order under the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945

2ND SCH -coni.

86o

Ch. 18, 19.

Statutory Orders 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

(Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

2ND Sch. — con

Enactment. Second Schedule

Amendment.

At the end of the Schedule there shall be added the following paragraph :—

" 11. The provisions of paragraphs 8 to 10 of this Schedule shall not apply to an order which is confirmed by Act of Parliament under section six of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, but except as aforesaid those provisions shall have effect in relation to an order to which that Act applies as if in paragraph 8 for the reference to the publication of the notice of confirmation of the order there were substituted a reference to the date on which the order becomes operative under that Act and as if in paragraph 9 the words from ‘ and shall become operative to the end of the paragraph were omitted."

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to enable effect to be given to certain international agreements for the establishment and operation of an International Monetary Fund and an International Bank for, Reconstruction and Development, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[20th December 1945.]

WHEREAS, at the United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference held at Bretton Woods in New Hampshire in the United States of America in July, nineteen hundred and forty-four, Articles of the following agreements were drawn up, that is to say—

(a) an agreement (hereafter in this Act referred to as the Fund Agreement *') for the establishment and operation of an international body to be called the International Monetary Fund (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Fund "); and

(b) an agreement (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Bank Agreement ")for the establishment and operation of an international body to be called the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Bank ") :

1945-

Bretton Woods Agreements

Act, 1945.

Ch. 19.

861

And whereas a copy of the final Act of the said Conference, including, amongst other things, the text of the Articles of the said agreements, was laid before Parliament by command of His Majesty in August of the said year :

Now, therefore, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. If the said agreements are signed on behalf of His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom, the provisions of the two next following sections shall have effect.

2. —(1) There shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof all sums required for the purpose of paying—

(a) the subscriptions payable to the Fund under paragraph (a) of section 3 of Article III of the Fund Agreement;

(b) any sums payable to the Fund under paragraph (6) of section 8 of Article IV of the Fund Agreement (which relates to changes in the par or foreign exchange value of currencies of members);

(c) any sums required for implementing the guarantee

required by section 3 of Article XIII of the Fund Agreement, that is to say, a guarantee of the assets of the Fund against loss resulting from failure or default of the depository designated by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom under the said Article;

(d) any compensation required to be paid to the Fund or to any member thereof under Schedule D of the Fund Agreement (which relates to the withdrawal of members from the Fund) or under Schedule E thereof (which relates to the liquidation of the Fund);

(e) the subscriptions payable to the Bank under paragraph

(a) of section 3 of Article II of the Bank Agreement, or any sums payable to the Bank under section 9 of that Article (which relates to changes in the par or foreign exchange value of currencies of members);

and the Treasury may, for the purpose of providing any sums to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund as aforesaid, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise money under the National Loans Act, 1939, and any securities created and issued for that purpose shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under that Act.

(2) Any sums received by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom from the Fund or the Bank (other than sums received by reason of the operations of the Exchange Equalisation Account) shall be paid into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom,

Effect of signature of Bretton Woods agreements.

Financial

provisions.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. 117.

862 Ch. 19. BrettonWoods Agreements 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

1945.

and, without prejudice to the generality of the enactments relating to the Exchange Equalisation Account, all sums required by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom for the purpose of paying any charges payable to the Fund under section 8 of Article V of the Fund Agreement shall be paid out of the Exchange Equalisation Account.

(3) The sums paid into the Exchequer under the last preceding subsection shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom at such times as the Treasury may direct and shall be applied by the Treasury as follows—

(a) so much thereof as represents principal shall be applied

in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit;

(b) so much thereof as represents interest shall be applied

to the payment of interest which would, apart from this paragraph, have fallen to be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

(4) The Treasury may, if they think fit so to do, create and issue to the Fund or the Bank, in such form as they think fit, any such non-interest-bearing and non-negotiable notes or other obligations as are provided for by section 5 of Article III of the Fund Agreement and section 12 of Article V of the Bank Agreement, and the sums payable under any such notes or other obligations so created and issued shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

Other matters. 3.—(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council make such

provision as He may consider reasonably necessary for carrying into effect any of the provisions of the Fund Agreement and the Bank Agreement relating to the status, immunities and privileges of the Fund and the Bank and their respective governors, executive directors, alternates, officers and employees, or any of the provisions of the Fund Agreement as to the unenforceability of exchange contracts.

(2) Orders in Council made under this section may be so made as to extend to any part of His Majesty’s dominions (other than Dominions within the meaning of the Statute of Westminster, 1931, territories administered by the Government of any such Dominion and British India) and, to the extent that His Majesty has jurisdiction therein, to any other territory in which His Majesty has from time to time jurisdiction (other than territories in respect of which a mandate from the League of Nations is being exercised by, or which are being administered by, the Government of such a Dominion as aforesaid and territories in India):

Provided that if, whether before*or after the passing of this Act, effect is given by or under the law of any part of His

1945-

Bretton Woods Agreements

Act, 1945.

Ch. 19, 20.

863

Majesty's dominions or other territory to the provisions of the said agreements specified in subsection (1) of this section, no Order in Council made under this section shall extend to that part of His Majesty's dominions or other territory as respects any period as respects which effect is given as aforesaid to the said provisions.

(3) Any Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.

(4) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as limiting the

power of His Majesty under section one of the Diplomatic 7 & 8 Geo. Privileges (Extension) Act, 1944, to declare the Fund or the Bank’c- 44* to be such an organisation as is mentioned in subsection (1) of that section or any power of His Majesty under that Apt or any other Act to confer on the Fund or the Bank, or their officers or servants or on any other persons connected with them, any immunities or privileges not specified in the provisions of the said agreements mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

4. This Act may be cited as the Bretton Woods Agreements Short title. Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 20.

Building Materials and Housing Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Expenses of the Minister of Works.

Section.

1. Advances to Minister of Works.

2. The Building Materials and Housing Fund.

3. Payments into Building Materials and Housing Fund by the Minister

of Health.

4. Supplementary provisions as to Building Materials and Housing Fund.

5. Increase of sums available for defraying expenses under 7 & 8 Geo. 6.

c. 36.

Powers of local authorities to provide financial assistance.

6. Extension of powers of local authorities to give financial assistance

towards acquisition, construction, etc., of houses.

Rent and purchase price of houses.

7. Limitation of rent and purchase price of houses constructed under

certain building licences.

8. Registration of conditions imposed by . building licences, and duties

of local authorities.

864

Ch. 20.

Building Materials and

Housing Act, 1945.

Supplementary.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Advances to Minister of Works.

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw. 8. c. 51.

Section.

9. Interpretation.

10. Application to Scotland.

11. Application to Northern Ireland.

12. Short title.

An Act to make financial provision for the purpose of facilitating the production, equipment, repair, alteration and acquisition of houses and other buildings, and to make provision for limiting the price for which certain houses may be sold and the rent at which certain houses may be let.

[20th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Expenses of the Minister of Works.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Treasury may, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof, advance money to the Minister of Works (hereinafter referred to as " the Minister ") for the purpose of defraying expenses of the Minister in performing any of the following functions, that is to say—

(a) purchasing building materials and purchasing permanent equipment for buildings;

(6) making and carrying out arrangements for the production and distribution of any such materials or equipment; and

(c) carrying out, on behalf of and at the request of any local authority, work undertaken by the authority in connection with the exercise of their powers to provide housing accommodation under Part V of the Housing Act, 1936.

(2) No sums shall be advanced under this section after the end of September, nineteen hundred and fifty.

(3) The total amount advanced under this section, exclusive of any sums which have been repaid, shall not at any time exceed one hundred million pounds.

(4) Any advances made under this section shall be made upon such terms as to the payment of interest, and shall be repayable at such times, as the Treasury may determine.

1945* Building Materials and Ch. 20. 865

Housing Act, 1945.

(5) For the purpose of providing money to be advanced under this section, the Treasury .may at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise

money under the National Loans Act, 1939; and any securities 2 & 3 Geo. 6. created and issued to raise money under this subsection shall be c- TI7-deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under the National Loans Act, 1939.

(6) In this section, the expression " local authority" means any local authority for the purposes of the Housing Acts, 1936 to 1944.

2.—(1) There shall be established, in accordance with directions The Building of the Treasury, a fund, to be called the Building Materials and and

Housing Fund, which shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, Fund!"8 be under the control and management of the Minister.

(2) There shall be paid into the Fund—

(a) all sums advanced to the Minister under this Act; and

(b) to such extent as the Treasury may direct, any receipts of the Minister in connection with the performance of the functions specified in section one of this Act.

(3) There shall be paid out of the Fund—

(a) any sums paid by the Minister, whether on account of principal or interest, in respect of advances under this Act; and

(b) to such extent as the Treasury may direct, any expenses of the Minister in performing the functions specified in section one of this Act.

(4) The Fund shall be closed at such time after the end of September, nineteen hundred and fifty, as the Treasury may direct, and upon the closing of the Fund the provisions of this Act relating to payments into and out of the Fund, except those provisions which expressly relate to the sums standing to the credit of the Fund when it is closed, shall cease to have effect.

(5) The Minister shall, as respects each financial year beginning with that in which sums are first advanced to him under this Act and ending with that in which the Fund is closed, prepare an account of receipts into and payments out of the Fund in such form and manner as the Treasury may direct.

Any account prepared under this subsection shall, on or before the thirtieth day of November next following the expiration of the financial year in question, be transmitted to the Comptroller and Auditor General, who shall examine and certify the account and lay copies thereof, together with his report thereon, before Parliament.

31

866

Ch. 20.

Building Materials and

Housing Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Payments into Building Materials and Housing Fund by the Minister of Health.

Supplementary provisions as to Building Materials and Housing Fund.

3. —(1) If the Minister has purchased building materials consisting of structures ready for erection as houses, and the Minister of Health, being satisfied that the cost of constructing houses from those materials substantially exceeds the cost of constructing houses of a similar size by traditional methods, has approved arrangements made by the Minister—

(a) for selling such building materials to local authorities

at prices fixed otherwise than by reference to their cost; or

(b) for constructing houses from such materials for local

authorities at charges which are less than the full cost of construction;

the Minister of Health shall, out of moneys provided by Parliament, make such payments into the Building Materials and Housing Fund as the Treasury may determine to be necessary for the purpose of securing that the receipts of the Fund are no less than they would have been if the arrangements had been such as to secure that the Minister would incur no loss and make no profit in the execution thereof.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the cost of constructing a house shall include the cost of the building materials used in the construction thereof.

4. —(1) All sums paid by the Minister to the Treasury in respect of advances under this Act, whether on account of principal or interest, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(2) Any amount standing to the credit of the Building Materials and Housing Fund when it is closed shall be paid into the Exchequer, and, if any sums are then due from the Minister, whether on account of principal or interest, in respect of advances under this Act, shall be applied in or towards the satisfaction of those sums.

(3) If after the Fund has been closed and after account has been taken of the amount, if any, which falls to be applied in accordance with the last preceding subsection, any sum is payable by the Minister, whether on account of principal or interest, in respect of advances under this Act, that sum shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) All sums paid into the Exchequer under this section shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom at such times as the Treasury may direct and shall be applied by the Treasury as follows—

(a) so much of the said sums as represents interest shall be applied in paying interest which would, apart from this paragraph, have fallen to be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt; and

I945-

Building Materials and

Housing A, 1945.

Ch. 20.

867

(b) save as aforesaid, the said sums shall be applied in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit.

5. The limit upon the sums which the Treasury may issue Increase of out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom for *

the purpose of defraying expenses incurred by the Minister in expenses^ connection with the manufacture, construction or erection of under 7 &8 structures under arrangements made with him by the Minister of Geo. 6. c. 36. Health or the Secretary of State under section one of the Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act, 1944, shall be increased by fifty million pounds; and accordingly, in subsection (1) of section eight of that Act, for the words "one hundred and fifty million pounds " there shall be substituted the words "two hundred million pounds

Powers of local authorities to provide financial assistance.

6.—(1) The limit fixed by subsection (1) of section ninety-two of the Housing Act, 1935, on the market value of houses in respect of which an advance may be made under the Small Dwellings Acquisition Acts, 1899 to 1923, shall, in relation to an advance made after the date of the passing of this Act, be increased from eight hundred pounds to fifteen hundred pounds.

(2) Subsection (4) of section ninety-one of the Housing Act, 1936 (which provides that an advance or guarantee under that section shall not be made or given if the estimated value of the fee simple in possession free from incumbrances of the house in respect of which the advance or guarantee is to be made or given exceeds eight hundred pounds) shall, in relation to an advance or guarantee made or given after the date of the passing of this Act, have effect as if for the words "eight hundred pounds " there were substituted the words "fifteen hundred pounds ", and the provisions of that subsection relating to flats shall have effect accordingly.

Extension of powers of local authorities to give financial assistance towards acquisition, construction, etc., of houses.

25 £26 Geo. 5. c. 40.

Rent and purchase price of houses.

7.—(1) Where a house has been constructed under the Limitation authority of a licence granted for the purposes of a Defence of rent 411(1 Regulation (hereinafter referred to as " a building licence ") price^of6 and the licence, whether granted before or after the passing of houses this Act, has been granted subject to any condition limiting the constructed price for which the house may be sold or the rent at which it under certain may be let, any person who, during the period of four years buil(lin& beginning with the passing of this Act, sells or offers to sell the lcences' house for a greater price than the price so limited (hereinafter referred to as " the permitted price "), or, as the case may be, lets or offers to let the house at a rent in excess of the rent so Mini ted (hereinafter referred to as " the permitted rent "), shall

3 I 2

Ch. 20. Building Materials and 9 10 Geo. 6.

Housing Act, 1945.

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding the aggregate of—

(a) such amount as will in the opinion of the court secure

that he derives no benefit from the offence; and

(b) the further amount of one hundred pounds;

or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(2) For the purposes of this section, a house shall be deemed to have been let at a rent in excess of the permitted rent if the total rent payable by the tenant in respect of any part of the period for which the house is let exceeds the total rent which would have been payable by him in respect of that part of the said period if the house had been let at the permitted rent.

(3) Where a house is sold for a consideration which consists wholly or partly of something other than the payment of a money price for the house, and it appears to the court that the whole of the consideration is capable of being expressed in terms of such a price, the court shall assess the total value of the consideration upon the assumption that the transaction is carried out in accordance with its terms, and the price shall be deemed to be such sum as, if paid at the time of the sale, would in the opinion of the court represent a benefit equivalent to the said total value.

(4) Where a house is let for a consideration which consists wholly or partly of something other than the payment of a money rent for the house, and it appears to the court that the whole consideration is capable of being expressed in terms of money, the court shall assess the total value of the consideration upon the assumption that the transaction is carried out in accordance with its terms, and shall determine a rent which appears to the court to represent a benefit equivalent to the said total value, and the rent so determined shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to be the rent at which the house was let.

(5) In determining for the purposes of this section the consideration for which a house has been, sold or let, the court shall have regard to any transaction with which the sale or letting is associated, and if it appears to the court that the benefits secured by that transaction to the vendor or lessor exceed what they would have been if the house had not been sold or let for the consideration for which it was in fact sold or let, that consideration shall be deemed to be increased by such sum as fairly represents the excess.

(6) Where any person sells, lets, or offers to sell or offers to let a house together with any other property, the court shall, for the purpose of determining whether an offence has been committed against this section, make such apportionment of the consideration as the court thinks just.

1945- Building Materials and Ch. 20. 869

Housing Act, 1945.

(7) Where proceedings are taken for an offence against this section, the court shall have the following powers, that is to say :—

(a) where any fine imposed by the court includes any such

amount as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, the court may, if having regard to the circumstances the court thinks it just so to do, direct that the whole or any part of that amount, when paid or recovered, shall be paid over to any person who is shown to the court to have given, or to be liable to give, a consideration in excess of the permitted price, or, as the case may be, in excess of the permitted rent, in respect of the house in question;

(b) where any person is convicted of the offence of letting a

house at a rent in excess of the permitted rent, the court may, if the interest created by the letting has not expired at the time of the conviction, make such modifications of the terms and conditions of the letting as in the opinion of the court are necessary for the purpose of securing that the rent payable in respect of periods falling after the date of the conviction does not exceed the permitted rent; and

(c) where any person is convicted of the offence of selling a house at a price in excess of the permitted price, the court may, if any sums remain payable on account of the price at the time of the conviction, make such modifications of the terms and conditions of the sale as in the opinion of the court are necessary for the purpose of securing, so far as practicable, that the price does not exceed the permitted price.

(8) Subject to the provisions of the last preceding subsection, the commission of an offence under this section shall not affect the title to any property or the operation of any contract.

8.—(1) Where a building licence has been granted, whether before or after the passing of this Act, subject to any condition limiting the price for which a house may be sold or the rent at which it may be let, section fifteen of the Land Charges Act, 1925, as amended by the Law of Property (Amendment) Act, 1926, shall have effect as if the condition were a local land charge acquired by the local authority in the area of which the house is situated, and it shall be the duty of the proper officer of the local authority to register the condition accordingly.

Registration of conditions imposed by building licences, and duties of local authorities.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 22.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 11.

(2) It shall be the duty of every local authority to take such measures as they think necessary for securing the enforcement, in relation to houses within the area of the authority, of the provisions of this Act relating to the permitted price and permitted rent for houses.

870 Ch. 20. Building Materials and 9 10 Geo. 6.

Housing Act, 1945.

(3) In this section the expression " local authority" means the council of any county borough, county district or metropolitan borough, and the Common Council of the City of London.

Supplementary.

Interpreta- 9.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings

bon. hereby respectively assigned to them—

" Building materials " includes any product which, or a derivative of which, is capable of being used to form part of a building or of any works preparatory or incidental to the provision of a building, or of being used for preserving or finishing a building or a part of a building, and includes any structure ready for erection as a building or as part of a building;

" Defence Regulation" means a Defence Regulation made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 to 1945, and includes any Regulation so made which has continued to have effect, whether with or without variations, under the provisions of any other enactment;

" Permanent equipment for buildings" means any article which is intended to be provided for permanent enjoyment with a particular building.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, the expenses of the Minister in performing the functions specified in section one of this Act shall be deemed to include any expenses of the Minister which are incidental to the performance of those functions, and shall be deemed to include such amounts as may be determined by the Treasury to be reasonable—

(a) on account of any premises, supplies or services provided by or for the service of any Government department and used in connection with the performance of those functions; and

(b) on account of expenses which fall or may ultimately fall to be borne in providing benefits under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1943, in respect of persons who have been employed in connection with the performance of those functions.

(3) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) a person sells a house if he sells or agrees to sell any

interest in the house;

(b) a person lets a house if he demises the house or agrees

to demise it; and

(c) the expression " house " includes a flat, and any structure

constructed for use as a dwelling.

1945* Building Materials and Ch. 20. 871

Housing Act, 1945.

(4) In determining for the purposes of this Act whether any person has sold or offered to sell a house for a price in excess of the permitted price, or has let or offered to let a house at a rent in excess of the permitted rent, any property which, in the absence of express provision, would pass upon a conveyance of the legal estate in fee simple in the house, and any yard garden outhouses and appurtenaces usually enjoyed with the house, shall be deemed to form part of the house.

10.—(1) This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to the Application to modifications contained in the subsequent provisions of thisScotJand* section.

(2) For any reference (except in section five) to the Minister of Health there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

(3) For any reference to the Housing Acts, 1936 to 1944, there shall be substituted a reference to the Housing (Scotland) Acts,

1925 to 1944; for any reference to Part V of the Housing Act,

1936, there shall be substituted a reference to Part III of the

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925; for any reference to section 15 & 16 Geo. 5. ninety-two of the Housing Act, 1935 there shall be substituted c- *5-a reference to section eighty-three of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 25 & 26 Geo. 5. 1935; and for any reference to the Small Dwellings Acquisition c- 41-Acts, 1899 to x923» there shall be substituted a reference to the Small Dwellings Acquisition (Scotland) Acts, 1899 to 1923.

(4) Section one shall have effect as if after paragraph (c) of subsection (1) the following paragraph were inserted:—

" (d) carrying out on behalf of the Scottish Special Housing Association (being the association approved for the purposes of section two of the Housing (Financial Pro- 2 & 3 Geo. 6. visions) (Scotland) Act, 1938) work undertaken by that c- 3* Association in connection with the provision by them of housing accommodation for the working classes/'

(5) In section three any reference to a local authority shall include a reference to the Scottish Special Housing Association.

(6) For subsection (2) of section six there shall be substituted the following subsection :—

" (2) Subsection (4) of section seventy-five of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925, as amended by section sixty-seven of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1935, (which subsection as so amended provides that an advance or guarantee under the said section seventy-five shall not be made or given in respect of a house the value of which exceeds eight hundred pounds) shall in relation to an advance or guarantee made after the date of the passing of this Act have effect as if for the limit of eight hundred pounds there were substituted a limit of fifteen hundred pounds and the provisions of the said subsection relating to flats shall have effect accordingly ".

872

Ch. 20, 21.

Building Materials and

Housing Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Application to Northern Ireland.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

Short title.

(7) For any reference to the legal estate in fee simple there shall be substituted a reference to the estate or interest of the proprietor of the dominium utile or, in the case of property other than feudal property, of the owner.

(8) In section eight the expression " local authority" means a county or town council and nothing in subsection (2) of the said section shall be construed as authorising a local authority to institute proceedings for an offence against this Act.

11. —(1) Sections three, five, six and eight of this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland; and this Act shall, in its application to Northern Ireland, have effect as if paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section one were omitted therefrom.

(2) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, section seven thereof, and so much of section nine thereof as relates to the said section seven, shall be deemed for the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920 (which relates to the power of the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws), to be provisions of an Act passed before the appointed day.

12. This Act may be cited as the Building Materials and Housing Act, 1945.

CHAPTER 21.

Elections and Jurors Act, 1945.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Temporary provisions as to Electoral Registration.

Section.

1. Annual register to be used for all parliamentary elections until registers

are in force under 7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 64.

2. Continuance of section one of 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 24.

3. Supplementary register.

4. Right of person registered in supplementary register to vote.

5. Ancillary provisions as to supplementary register.

Temporary Provisions as to Voting by Post and by Proxy.

6. Extension of facilities for voting as a civilian absent voter.

7. Extension of right of service voter's proxy to vote by post.

8. ’ Extension of operation of certain temporary provisions as to voting

by post.

Temporary Provisions as to Jurors Books.

9. Temporary provisions as to jurors books.

10. Procedure for preparing jurors books under this Act.

11. Appeals, etc.

12. Supplementary provisions as to jurors books.

Returning Officers for Scottish Constituencies.

13. Returning officers for Scottish constituencies situated in more

than one sheriffdom.

1945* Elections and Jurors Ch. 21. 873

Act, 1945.

Consequential and Supplementary Provisions.

Section.

14. Prohibition of voting twice at a general election in respect of residence

qualifications.

15. Application and adaptation of enactments.

16. Transitional provisions.

17. Financial provisions.

18. Approval of regulations by Parliament.

19. Saving for university elections.

20. Addresses within the same area.

21. Interpretation.

22. Application to Scotland.

23. Application to Northern Ireland.

24. Repeal of enactments.

25. Short title and citation.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Enactments ceasing to have effect under Section One of this Act.

Second Schedule.—Modifications of Section Twenty-three of Act of 1918.

Third Schedule.—Transitional provisions on expiration of National Registration Act, 1939.

Fourth Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

An Act to amend the law relating to electoral registration and to voting at parliamentary and local government elections; to make provision with respect to jurors books; to amend the law relating to returning officers for Scottish constituencies; and to provide for matters connected with the purposes aforesaid.

[20th December 1945.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Temporary provisions as to Electoral Registration.

1.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Act of 1943 or in the Act of 1945, the register of electors to be in force for a parliamentary election which—

(a) is initiated on or after the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-six; and

(b) is an election at which the time fixed for nomination falls before the coming into force of a new register prepared under section eleven of the Act of 1918;

Annual register to be used for all parliamentary elections until registers are in force under 7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 64.

shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be the register which, at the time fixed for nomination at the election, is the annual register last published in accordance with the Act of 1945.

874

CH. 21.

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

(2) No register shall be specially prepared for any such parliamentary election in accordance with the Acts of 1943 and 1945-

(3) The enactments specified in the First Schedule to this Act shall cease to have effect to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

Continuance of section one of

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 24.

Supplementary register.

2. Section one of the Act of 1944 (which amends the Act of 1943 in relation to the qualifications for inclusion in electoral registers) shall remain in force until the end of December, nineteen hundred and forty-six, and shall then expire unless the expiry thereof is postponed in accordance with the provisions of subsection (2) of that section; and accordingly the said subsection (2) shall have effect as if for the reference therein to the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-five there were substituted a reference to the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-six.

3. —(1) Immediately after the end of December, nineteen hundred and forty-five, the registration officer for each constituency shall, in accordance with electoral registration regulations, prepare for the constituency a register to be known as " the supplementary register *\

(2) A person shall be registered as a service voter in the supplementary register for a constituency if—

(a) the registration officer has, between the end of June, nineteen hundred and forty-five, and the end of December in that year, received in respect of that person a service declaration or a war worker's declaration, and, in either case, the declaration has been transmitted to the registration officer in accordance with the provisions contained in that behalf in national registration regulations;

(b) the declaration has not been cancelled before the end of December, nineteen hundred and forty-five; and

(c) the said person would have been entitled by virtue of the declaration to be registered in the service register comprised in the annual register for the constituency if the registration officer had received the declaration before the end of June, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

Where a service declaration or a war worker's declaration appears to have been duly made signed and attested, and it appears from the declaration that the person to whom it relates has attained or will attain the age of twenty-one years before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-six, the said person shall be deemed for the purposes of this subsection to have been of full age on the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

1945- Elections and Jurors Ch. 21. 875

Act, 1945.

(3) A person shall be registered as a civilian voter in the supplementary register for a constituency if it appears to the registration officer—

(a) that the said person ceased to be a member of the forces or a seaman between the end of June, nineteen hundred and forty-five, and the end of December in that year;

(b) that, upon so ceasing, he became registered in the National Register as residing at a place in the constituency; and

(c) that, upon so ceasing, he was a British subject of full age and not subject to any legal incapacity.

(4) The registration officer for each constituency shall, so far as is reasonably practicable, secure—

(a) that no person is registered more than once in the supplementary register for the constituency; and

(b) that, notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, a person is not registered in the supplementary register for the constituency if he is registered, in respect of an address in the constituency, in the civilian residence register or the service register comprised in the annual register published in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five.

(5) The supplementary register for each constituency shall be published on the twenty-eighth day of February, nineteen hundred and forty-six.

4.—(1) The supplementary register for each constituency Right of shall, in addition to the annual register, be in force for the person purposes of any parliamentary election for the constituency registered initiated on or after the first day of March, nineteen hundred reSster^to and forty-six, being an election at which the time fixed for vote, nomination is not later than the fourteenth day of October in that year.

(2) Every supplementary register shall, during the period beginning with the said first day of March and ending with the said fourteenth day of October, be in force, in addition to the annual register, as a register of local government electors; and while a supplementary register is in force as a register of local government electors a person registered therein shall, notwithstanding anything in any enactment, be deemed to be registered as a local government elector for any local government electoral area within which the place of residence by reference to which he is so registered is situated, and the provisions of subsection (2) of section eight of the Act of 1918, so far as they relate to the right of a person registered as a local government elector to vote, shall have effect accordingly.

876 Ch. 21.Elections and Jurors 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Act, 1945.

(3) A person registered as a service voter in the supplementary register shall have the same rights of voting by post and by proxy at any election for which the supplementary register is in force as if that register were a service register in force for that election, and the provisions of the Acts of 1943 and 1945 relating to voting by post and by proxy shall have effect accordingly.

Ancillary 5.—(j) Section twenty of the Act of 1945 (which provides

toa0nS for extending the time for registering prisoners of war) shall supplementary have effect with respect to supplementary registers as if a register. supplementary register were a service register for which the qualifying date were the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-six.

(2) For the purpose of determining whether a person is to be registered as a civilian voter in the supplementary register for any constituency: —

(a) a person shall be deemed to have ceased to be a member of the forces or a seaman between the end of June, nineteen hundred and forty-five, and the end of December in that year if, and only if, it appears from the particulars entered with respect to him in the National Register that he so ceased;

(b) information furnished to a registration officer in accordance with national registration regulations made under subsection (3) of section five of the Act of 1943 shall be conclusive evidence as to what particulars are, and what particulars are not, entered m the National Register with respect to any person; and

(c) a person shall be deemed, unless the registration officer is satisfied that the contrary is the case, to have been at the material time a British subject of full age and not subject to any legal incapacity. 3 4

(3) The notification to a registration officer, in accordance with the provisions contained in that behalf in national registration regulations, that a service declaration or a war worker’s declaration has been cancelled shall, for the purposes of determining the right of any person to be included in the supplementary register, be conclusive evidence of the fact so notified.

(4) For the purposes of the Act of 1918, the Act of 1943, and this Act, a person registered in the supplementary register shall be deemed to be registered in respect of a residence qualification.

1945* Elections and Jurors Ch. 21. 877

Act, 1945.

Temporary Provisions as to Voting by Post and by Proxy.

6.—(1) If any person registered in a civilian residence Extension of register as a parliamentary elector for any constituency facilities for satisfies the registration officer, on an application made within chJman^bsent the period and in the manner prescribed by electoral registra- voter. tion regulations, that he no longer resides at the address in respect of which he is so registered, or at any other address within, the same area, the registration officer shall enter the name of that person in the absent voters list for the purposes of every parliamentary election for which that register is used.

(2) If any person registered in a civilian residence register as a parliamentary elector for any constituency satisfies the registration officer on an application made within the period and in the manner prescribed by electoral registration regulations that he will probably be unable, without making a journey by sea or air, to proceed from the address in respect of which he is registered in that register to a polling place in order to vote in person at any parliamentary election for which that register will be used, file registration officer shall enter the name of that person in the absent voters list for the purposes of every parliamentary election for which that register is used.

(3) If any person registered in a civilian residence register as a parliamentary elector for any constituency satisfies the registration officer, on an application made within the period and in the manner prescribed by electoral registration regulations, and by such evidence as may be so prescribed, either—

(a) that he is so incapacitated physically either by blindness or otherwise that he will probably be unable to vote in person at any parliamentary election for which that register will be used; or

(b) that he is so incapacitated physically, either by blindness or otherwise, that he will probably be unable, without such assistance as is provided for by the rules for elections set out in Part I to the First Schedule to the Ballot Act, 1872, to vote in person at 35 & 36 Vict, any parliamentary election for which that register c. 33.

wifi be used;

the registration officer shall enter the name of that person in the absent voters list for the purposes of every parliamentary election for which that register is used. 4

(4) Where a person is registered as a civilian voter in the supplementary register for any constituency, the provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to him as if that register were a civilian residence register.

878

Ch. 21.

Elections and 5

Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

(5) The provisions of section twenty-three of the Act of 1918 (which enable persons placed on the absent voters list under that Act to vote by post or by proxy) shall apply to persons placed on the absent voters list under this section subject to modifications specified in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(6) In sub-paragraphs (a) and (6) of paragraph 1 of the First Schedule to the Act of 1943, any reference to an application by any person for his name to be entered in the absent voters list shall be construed as excluding a reference to an application made under this section.

(7) Nothing in this section shall confer upon any person a right to vote by post or by proxy at any election initiated before the first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-six.

Extension of right of service voter's proxy to vote by post.

7.—(1) Where a person is entitled to vote as proxy for a service voter at a parliamentary election for any constituency initiated on or after the first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-six, but is not entitled to vote by post as an absent voter in his own right at that election, then, if his name is for the time being entered on the list of postal proxy voters kept for the constituency under this section, he may, in the exercise of his right to vote at the election as proxy for the service voter, vote by post in the same way as an absent voter.

(2) The registration officer for each constituency shall, in accordance with electoral registration regulations, keep a list of postal proxy voters for the purposes of this section, and a person's name shall be entered in that list if—

(a) he has made an application to the registration officer in that behalf in accordance with electoral registration regulations;

(b) at the time when the application is received by the registration officer, a person is entered on the record of proxies as having been appointed proxy by the service voter in question, and the registration officer is satisfied from the application of the identity of the applicant with the person so appointed;

(c) the application names an address in the United Kingdom to which a ballot paper is to be sent to the applicant for the purpose of enabling him to vote by post in pursuance of the application; and

(d) that address is not within the same area as the address entered on the service register or, as the case may be, on the supplementary register as the address of the service voter in question.

(3) A person's name shall be removed from the list of postal proxy voters kept for a constituency under this section if he makes application in that behalf to the registration officer in accordance with electoral registration regulations:

1945-

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

Ch. 21.

879

Provided that if any such application is made after the returning officer has sent a ballot paper to the applicant for the purpose of enabling him to vote by post at any election in pursuance of this section, his name shall not be removed from the list for the purposes of that election.

(4) Each person whose name is entered in the list of postal proxy voters shall be distinguished in that list by a number, and in relation to any occasion on which a ballot paper is sent to him by reason of his being entered in the list, that number shall be his number for the purposes of section two of, and rule 24 in Part I of the First Schedule to, the Ballot Act, 1872.

(5) When the name of any person is entered in the list of postal proxy voters in pursuance of an application made under this section, the registration officer shall record the address named in the application as the address to which a ballot paper is to be sent to the applicant, and, while the name of the applicant remains in the list in pursuance of that application, the address so recorded shall be the address to which a ballot paper is sent by the returning officer for the purpose of enabling him to vote under this section.

(6) If at any election a person is entitled under this section to vote by post as proxy for a service voter, he shall not, at that election, be entitled to vote otherwise than by post as proxy for that voter.

8. Part IV of the Act of 1945, so far as it relates to voting Extension of by post at parliamentary elections, shall, notwithstanding any- operation of thing in section thirty-two of that Act, apply to general elec- 2Swrarv tions initiated during the period beginning with the passing prowsions of this Act and ending with the thirty-first day of December, as to voting nineteen hundred and forty-six or with such later date as may by post, be prescribed by electoral registration regulations; and subsection (1) of the said section thirty-two shall cease to have effect.

Temporary Provisions as to Jurors Books.

9.—(1) A jurors book shall be prepared for each county, in Temporary accordance with the provisions hereinafter contained, for the provisions year beginning with the first day of January, nineteen hundred j!^)0£s:,urors and forty-seven, and for each subsequent year beginning with the first day of January:

Provided that jurors books shall not be prepared under this Act for any year if, in the preceding year, a register of electors is prepared under section eleven of the Act of 1918.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the Juries Act, 1922, or in 12 x3 Geo. 5. any other enactment, the jurors book prepared for a county for c'8 I2* the year beginning with the first day of January, nineteen

88o

Ch. 21.

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

hundred and forty shall be the jurors book for that county until the end of the year nineteen hundred and forty-six.

For the purposes of this subsection, the expression " county " includes the county of the City of London.

(3) No jurors book shall be prepared for any county under the Juries Act, 1922, in any year in which no register of electors is prepared under section eleven of the Act of 1918; nor shall any person, during any such year, be required to perform any duty which is imposed solely with a view to the preparation of a jurors book under the Juries Act, 1922, for the year beginning with the first day of January next following.

(4) No jurors book shall be prepared for the county of the City of London in the year nineteen hundred and forty-five, nor shall any person, during that year, be required to perform any duty which is imposed solely with a view to the preparation of a jurors book for that county.

(5) Subsections (4) and (5) of section nineteen of the Act of 1943 shall cease to have effect.

Procedure for preparing jurors books under this Act

10.—(1) The jurors books to be prepared under this Act for any year shall be prepared by reference to the lists published in the preceding year, in accordance with paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of section twenty-one of the Act of 1945, of persons who appear to registration officers to be qualified to oe registered in the civilian residence register.

The said lists are hereinafter referred to as " electors lists."

(2) The Secretary of State shall make provision by regulations (hereinafter referred to as " jurors books regulations ") with respect to the procedure to be followed in preparing jurors books under this Act; and such regulations shall in particular provide—

(a) for requiring each registration officer, as soon as he has published electors lists, to supply copies of those lists to the rating authority for every county borough, county district and metropolitan borough which is wholly or partly included in his area;

(b) for requiring each rating authority to mark in those lists in the prescribed manner the names of such of the persons included in the lists as appear to the rating authority to be qualified and liable tp serve as jurors, and the names of such of the persons so qualified and liable as appear to the authority to be qualified to serve as special jurors;

(c) for requiring each rating authority, after so marking the names as aforesaid, to return the lists to the registration officer before the fifteenth day of October

1945-

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

Ch. 21.

881

next following the publication of the lists, or before such earlier date as may be prescribed; and

(d) for requiring the clerk of the council of every county to prepare jurors books from the lists so returned to registration officers, and for enabling any such clerk to obtain from registration officers such information as he may require for that purpose.

11. —(1) Where the name of any person has, in accordance Appeals, etc. with jurors books regulations, been marked in an electors

list, and he claims that by reason of some disqualification or exemption his name ought not to be so marked, he may, within the period and in the manner prescribed by such regulations, apply to the registration officer to have the mark placed against his name removed.

(2) The registration officer shall, as soon as may be, take every such application into consideration and shall, in the prescribed manner, notify to the applicant his decision thereon; and the provisions of subsection (5) of section one of the Juries Act, 1922 (which relate to appeals from the decisions of registration officers) shall have effect as if an application made under this section were an application made under subsection (4) of that section:

Provided that in relation to any application made under this section the references in the said subsection (5) to the prescribed time shall be construed as references to such time as may be prescribed by jurors books regulations.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of the said subsection (5), jurors books regulations shall provide for the making, in electors lists and in jurors books prepared under this Act, of such corrections as may be necessary for the purpose of giving effect to the decisions of registration officers upon applications under this section, and of courts of summary jurisdiction upon appeals arising out of such applications.

(4) On the first occasion on which the name of any person is, in accordance with jurors books regulations, marked in any electors list in respect of a particular address, the registration officer shall take such steps as may be prescribed for the purpose of informing that person that his name has been so marked, and for the purpose of informing him of his rights under this section.

12. —(1) Jurors books regulations shall provide—

(a) for securing that where, upon a claim made in pur- Suppiemen-

3K

882

CH. 21.

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

his right to be included in a civilian residence register, his name shall, if he is qualified and liable to serve as a juror, be included in the appropriate jurors book prepared under this Act, and for adapting the provisions of the last preceding section in relation to any person whose name it is proposed to include in a jurors book in pursuance of the requirements of this paragraph; and

(6) for securing that where, upon any objection made in pursuance of the said paragraph (c), or upon an appeal arising out of any such objection, it is decided that a person ought not to be included in a civilian residence register, the name of that person shall not be included in the jurors book prepared by reference to the electors lists for that register.

(2) Subsection (6) of section one of the Juries Act, 1922 (which protects persons who have been wrongly marked as jurors from being marked as jurors in subsequent years without notice), and subsection (11) of that section (which imposes penalties upon officers who fail to perform their duties under that section), shall have effect with respect to the preparation of jurors books under this Act as they have effect with respect to the preparation of jurors books under that Act, subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) any reference to electors lists shall be construed as including a reference to any list or other documents which are required to be supplied by a registration officer to a rating authority under jurors books regulations; and

(b) any reference to the said section one shall be construed as a reference to jurors books regulations.

(3) Except where the context otherwise requires, references to jurors books in any enactment or in any instrument having effect by virtue of any enactment shall be construed as including references to jurors books prepared under this Act.

(4) For the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to jurors books—

(a) the expression " county" means any place which is a separate county for the purposes of the Juries Act, 1922, and does not, except where the contrary is expressly provided, include the county of the City of London;

(b) the expression " clerk of the council " has the meaning assigned to the expression " clerk of the county council " by section seven of that Act; and

(c) the expression " rating authority ", in relation to a metropolitan borough, means the council of the borough acting in their capacity as overseers.

*945-

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

Ch. 21.

883

(5) In subsection (4) of section two of the Local Elections 2 & 3 Geo. 6. and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, c- XI5-and in subsection (4) of section nineteen of the Act of 1943, the expression " county " shall be deemed always to have meant any place which is a separate county for the purposes of the Juries Act, 1922, and to have included the county of the City of London.

Returning Officers for Scottish Constituencies

13. Paragraph (13) of section forty-three of the Act of Returning 1918, in so far as it directs that the returning officer for a c^2hfor Scottish constituency situated in more than one sheriffdom constituencies shall be the sheriff specified in the Seventh Schedule to the situated in said Act, shall cease to have effect, and the returning officer more than one for any such constituency shall be the sheriff of such one of sheriffdom, the sheriffdoms in which the constituency is situated as the Secretary of State may by order direct; and accordingly in the said paragraph for the words " specified in the Seventh Schedule to this Act " there shall be substituted the words "of such one of those sheriffdoms as the Secretary of State may by order direct " and for the words from " within which " where secondly occurring to " this Act " there shall be substituted the words " the sheriff of which is returning officer for the constituency."

Consequential and Supplementary Provisions.

14. —(1) A person shall not vote at a general election for Prohibition

more than one constituency for which he is registered in of voting

respect of a residence qualification. twice at

a general

(2) Subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the Act of 1918 election in (which imposes a penalty upon any person who, at a general resP?ct of election, votes for more constituencies than he is entitled qualifications, to vote for in accordance with that Act) shall have effect4 as if the reference therein to that Act included a reference to this section. . .

15. —(1) Section thirteen of the Act of 1943 (which relates Application to registration officers, their areas and duties, and provides and

for the discharge of certain duties of registration officers by adaptation of the proper officers of certain local authorities) shall have effectonac men ’ for the purposes of this Act as if—

(a) any reference therein to that Act included a reference to this Act;

(b) any reference to the register required for any election

in a constituency included a reference to the supplementary register;

884

Ch. 21.

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Transitional

provisions.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 91.

Financial

provisions.

(c) any reference to national registration regulations included a reference to jurors books regulations; and

(d) any reference to an electors list included a reference to a supplementary register.

(2) In the following provisions of the Act of 1943 references to that Act shall be construed as including references to this Act, that is to say—

(a) subsection (1) of section two (which provides for construing for the purposes of that Act references to the initiation of an election);

(b) section sixteen (which relates to the right of a person registered under that Act to vote);

(c) subsection (1) of section twenty-one (which, in relation to registration under that Act and to voting where the register is prepared under that Act, excludes the application of Parts I and II of the Act of 1918).

(3) Part II of the Fourth Schedule to the Act of 1945 (which provides for adapting certain enactments to that Act) shall have effect subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) in paragraph 1,any reference to the Act of 1945 shall be construed as including a reference to this Act;

(b) in paragraph 3, any reference to Part III of that Act shall be construed as including a reference to this Act; and

(c) in paragraph 4, any reference to the registration of electors under Part III of that Act shall be construed as including a reference to the registration of electors under this Act, and to the preparation of jurors books under this Act.

16. On the expiration of the National Registration Act, 1939, the transitional provisions contained in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect in lieu of the provisions of the Third Schedule to the Act of 1945.

17. —(1) Section fifteen of the Act of 1918 (which relates to the expenses and receipts of registration officers and provides that the expenses of registration officers shall be paid by the local authority and reimbursed as to one half out of moneys provided by Parliament) shall have effect for the purposes of this Act as if the duties of registration officers under this Act, including their duties with respect to jurors books, were duties in relation to registration imposed by that Act, and as if any appeal under this Act were an appeal under that Act.

1945* Elections and Jurors Ch. 21. 885

Act, 1945.

(2) There shall be paid to the proper officer of the council of a county borough or county district any expenses properly incurred by him in the performance of the functions of registration officers under this Act. including reasonable charges for his own trouble, care and attention in the performance of those functions, and for the remuneration and expenses of any staff .provided by the council; and any expenses so incurred by the proper officer shall for the purposes of this section be treated as having been incurred by the registration officer at whose request the functions were performed, and as having been incurred by that registration officer in the performance of his duties under this Act.

18. —(1) Section twenty of the Act of 1943 (which requires Approval of electoral registration regulations to be approved by Parlia- regulations by ment before coming into force) shall apply to electoral regis-Par iament' tration regulations made under this Act as it applies to

electoral registration regulations made under that Act.

(2) All jurors books regulations shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if either House of Parliament, within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such regulations are laid before it, resolves that the regulations be annulled, the regulations shall cease to have effect, but without prejudice to anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new regulations.

In reckoning any such period of forty days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(3) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall 56 & 57 Vict,

not apply to jurors books regulations. c. 66.

19. The provisions of this Act relating to the registration Saying for of electors shall not have effect in relation to the registration university of electors for university constituencies, and the provisions of elections* this Act relating to voting by post and by proxy, except those provisions which relate to the application of Part IV of the

Act of 1945, shall not have effect in relation to elections for such constituencies.

20. —(1) For the purposes of this Act, two addresses shall Addresses be deemed to be within the same area if they satisfy one of the the following conditions, but not otherwise, that is to say— same area'

(a) they are both within the combined area of two contiguous metropolitan boroughs;

V

886

Ch. 21.

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6.

Interpreta-

tion.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 64.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 48.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 24.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 5.

(6) they are both within the area of the same county borough;

(c) they are both within the area of the same non-county borough;

(1 d) they are both within the area of the same urban district; or

(e) they are both within the area of the same rural parish.

(2) The provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to an address within the area of the City of London, or oi any metropolitan borough contiguous thereto, as if the City were a metropolitan borough.

21.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them: —

" the Act of 1918" means the Representation of the People Act, 1918;

" the Act of 1943" means the Parliamentary Electors (War-time Registration) Act, 1943;

" the Act of 1944" means the Parliamentary Electors (War-time Registration) Act, 1944;

" the Act of 1945" means the Representation of the People Act, 1945;

" constituency "," general election " and " university constituency " have the same meanings respectively as in the Act of 1918;

" electoral registration regulations" means regulations made by the Secretary of State under the Act of 1943, or the Act of 1945, or this Act, and " national registration regulations " has the same meaning as in the Act of 1943;

" local government electoral area " and " local government election " mean respectively any area which is a local government electoral area for the purposes of the Act of 1918, and a local government election within the meaning of that Act; and the expression " local government elector " shall be construed accordingly;

" member of the forces " and " seaman " have the meanings respectively assigned to them by section twenty-two of the Act of 1943;

1945-

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

Ch. 21.

887

" prescribed" means prescribed by electoral registration regulations or by jurors books regulations, as the case may require;

" service declaration " has the same meaning as in the Act of 1943;

" war worker's declaration" means a declaration which is a war worker’s declaration for the purposes of any electoral registration regulations for the time being in force.

(2) Foi; the purposes of section one of this Act, the annual register published on the fifteenth day of October in any year shall be deemed to have been published at midnight on the previous day.

(3) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

22. —(1) The provisions of this Act relating to the preparation of jurors books shall not extend to Scotland.

(2) In the application to Scotland of this Act or of the Act of 1945 any reference to section fifteen of the Act of 1918 shall be construed as a reference to the said section fifteen as read with section forty-three of the Act of 1918.

(3) This Act shall, in its application to Scotland, have effect as if in subsection (1) of section twenty, for paragraphs (a) to ( e)there were substituted the following paragraphs—

‘ ‘ (a) they are both within the area of the same electoral division of a county; or

(b) they are both within the area of the same burgh."

23. —(1) The provisions of this Act relating to the preparation of jurors books shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, any reference in this Act to an enactment of the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall, in the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, be construed as a reference to that enactment as it applies in Northern Ireland.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall apply in respect of the election of members to serve in the Parliament of Northern Ireland or of members of any local authority in Northern Ireland. 4

(4) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, the provisions of section seventeen shall not have effect.

Application to Scotland.

Application to Northern Ireland.

888

Ch. 21.

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6

61 & 62 Vict, c. 37.

Repeal of enactments.

Short title and citation.

(5) Any expenses properly incurred by registration officers in Northern Ireland in performing their functions under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Act of 1918 (which authorises the Treasury to frame a scale of registration expenses) shall have effect as if any such expenses were registration expenses as defined for the purposes of that section:

Provided-that the expenses to be paid under this subsection shall not include any charges for a registration officer's own trouble, care and attention in the performance of his functions.

For the purposes of this subsection, the expense of any printing required in connection with the performance of the functions of a registration officer under this Act shall be treated as part of the expenses properly incurred by the officer in performing his functions under this Act, notwithstanding that arrangements for the printing are made by the county council under section ninety-six of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898.

(6) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, for paragraph ( e) of subsection (1) of section twenty, there shall be substituted the following paragraph: —

" (e) they are both within the area of the same rural district ".

(7) Nothing in this Act shall affect the determination of any question as to the council whose duty it is, under subsection

(1) of section thirty-one of the Act of 1918, to divide a constituency in Northern Ireland into polling districts, and to appoint polling places for the polling districts; and any such question shall be determined as if the provisions of that Act relating to registration were not suspended.

24. The enactments specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

25. This Act may be cited as the Elections and Jurors Act. 1945, and shall be included among the Acts which may be cited as the Representation of the People Acts.

*945-

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

Ch. 21.

889

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Enactments Ceasing to have Effect under Section One of this Act

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent to which enactment shall cease to have effect.

-6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 48 The Parliamentary Electors (War-Time Registration) Act, 1943- Subsection (5) of section one. Subsection (2) of section two. Section three. Section four. Section twelve. Section seventeen.

■8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 5 The Representation of the People Act, 1945. In sub-paragraph (iii) of paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of section thirteen, the words "or during the period beginning with the tenth day of September and ending with the thirty-firtt day of December in any subsequent year Sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section thirteen. Section sixteen. Section seventeen. Section twenty-two.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Modifications of Section Twenty-three of Act of 1918.

1. Subsection (4), except so much thereof as’provides that a ballot paper for the purpose of voting by post shall not be sent to any person unless the address of that person recorded by the registration officer is an address in the United Kingdom, shall not have effect, and in lieu thereof the following provisions shall have effect

(a) where a person is entitled under this Act to be placed on the absent voters list for elections for which a particular civilian residence register or supplementary register will be used, he shall, if he has satisfied the registration officer, on an application for the issue of a proxy paper made in accordance with electoral registration regulations, that there is a probability that he will be at sea or out of the United Kingdom during any period during which the poll at such an election may take place, be entitled to appoint a proxy to vote for him at such an election;

3 L

Section 1.

Section 6.

890 Ch. 21. Elections and Jurors 9 & 10 Geo. 6. Act, 1945.

2ND SCH. —coni. (6) no ballot paper shall be sent for the purpose of voting by post to a person who has appointed a proxy by virtue of this paragraph while the appointment is in force; (c) the provisions of the Second Schedule to the Act of 1943 shall have effect in relation to the appointment and voting of proxies under this paragraph; (d) subject to the provisions of paragraph 3 of the said Second Schedule, a proxy paper issued under this paragraph shall remain in force for the purposes of every election for which the civilian residence register or supplementary register in question is used. 2. The power of prescribing forms and making regulations under subsection (6) shall be exercised by electoral registration regulations instead of by Order in Council.

Section 16. THIRD SCHEDULE.

Transitional Provisions on Expiration of National Registration Act, 1939. 1. —(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect if the National Registration Act, 1939 (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " the Act of 1939 ") expires between the end of March in any year and the date which would have been the qualifying date for the general register which would have been prepared in that year if the Act of 1939 had remained in force throughout the year. (2) Civilian residence and service registers shall be prepared for each constituency in accordance with the Act of 1943, and the qualifying date by reference to which they shall be prepared shall be the last day upon which the Act of 1939 was in force. (3) The said registers shall be published upon such date, and shall come into force at such time, as may be prescribed by electoral registration regulations, and shall, as from that time, be substituted respectively for the civilian residence and service registers comprised in the annual register last published. (4) A business premises register and a ratepayers register shall be prepared and published in the said year as if the Act of 1939 had not expired, and shall, as from the beginning of the fifteenth day of October in that year, be substituted respectively for the business premises register and the ratepayers register comprised in the annual register last published. 2. Until the expiration of the Act of 1943, any national registration regulations made by virtue of the Act of 1943 or of the Act of 1945 shall continue in force, and may be varied or revoked, as if the Act of , IQ39 had not expired.

T945-

Elections and Jurors

Act, 1945.

Ch. 21.

891

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Section 24.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

7 A 8 Geo. 5. c. 64 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 48

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 5

The Representation of the People Act. 1918. The Parliamentary Electors (War-Time Registration) Act, 1943.

The Representation of the People Act, 1945.

The Seventh Schedule.

Subsection (5) of section one.

Subsection (2) of section two.

Section three.

Section four.

Section twelve.

Section seventeen.

Subsections (4) and (5) of section nineteen.

In sub-paragraph (iii) of paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section thirteen, the words "or during the period beginning with the tenth day of September and ending with the thirty-first day of December in any subsequent year ".

Sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (ft) of subsection (1) of section thirteen.

Section sixteen.

Section seventeen.

Section twenty two.

Subsection (3) of section twenty-three.

Subsection (1) of section thirty-two.

Paragraph (6) of subsection (5) of section thirty-five.

The Third Schedule.

TABLE II

A

CHRONOLOGICAL LIST

OF

THE SHORT TITLES OF THE MEASURES

Passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which received the Royal Assent during the Year

1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.*

No. 2. The Episcopal Pensions Measure, 1945, p. ii.

No. 3. The Incumbents (Disability) Measure, 1945, p. vii.

* No. 1 (The Emergency Legislation Measure, 7 & 8 Geo. 6 (p. xlii).

3 M

1944) was printed m the volume of

Pensions payable to suffragan bishops.

16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 6.

Contributions payable by or on behalf of suffragan bishops.

No. 2. Episcopal Pensions 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Measure, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

No. 2.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To establish a pension scheme for suffragan bishops; to provide for increased pension contributions by diocesan bishops; to enable provision to be made for the widows of bishops; and to amend in certain respects the existing Measures relating to clergy and episcopal pensions.

[15th June 1945.]

1. —(1) Subject to the provisions • of this Measure every suffragan bishop who resigns his bishopric on or after attaining the age of seventy years, or at an earlier age by reason of physical or mental disability, shall be entitled to receive from the Ecclesiastical Commissioners during the remainder of his life a pension of five hundred pounds per annum, payable by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners out of their common fund in four equal instalments on the thirty-first day of March the thirtieth day of June the thirtieth day of September and the thirty-first day of December in each year in respect of the quarters ending on those days, subject to such apportionment of the first and last instalments as the Commissioners may think equitable.

(2) Before paying any pension to a suffragan bishop under this section, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall satisfy themselves, by such evidence as they may deem sufficient, either that he has attained the age of seventy years or that by reason of physical or mental disability he is incapacitated from the due performance of his duties as a suffragan bishop.

(3) A suffragan bishop who has been exempted or excluded from the provisions of the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926, shall not be entitled to a pension under subsection (1) of this section, but only to such pension (if any) as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners may think just and equitable, having regard to all the circumstances of the case.

2. —(1) After the passing of this Measure every suffragan bishop shall, so long as he holds a suffragan bishopric, pay to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for the benefit of their common fund an annual contribution of fifty pounds in four equal instalments on the thirty-first day of March the thirtieth day of June the thirtieth day of September and the thirty-first day of December in every year, in respect of the quarters ending on

1945-

Episcopal Pensions

Measure, 1945.

No. 2.

iii

those days, subject to such apportionment of the first and last instalments as the Commissioners may think equitable.

(2) The pensions authority—

(a) in the case of a person holding a suffragan bishopric

at the date of the passing of this Measure; and

(b) in the case of a person appointed to a suffragan bishopric

after that date upon such appointment; shall transfer to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners the amount of any contributions paid to them by that person under the Clergy Pensions Measures together with compound interest thereon at the rate of two pounds ten shillings per cent, per annum calculated with annual rests from the dates of payment thereof.

3. For the purpose of reducing the charge imposed by this Contributions Measure and the Episcopal Pensions Measure, 1926, on the on^half of* common fund of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners— diocesan

(a) every diocesan bishop shall as from the passing of bishops.

this Measure, or as from the date of his becoming 17 Geo. 4 5 *‘

a diocesan bishop, whichever may be the later, insteadJNO* 7‘

of contributing the amount payable in respect of

his bishopric under # section four of the Episcopal

Pensions Measure, 1926, (or in the case of a bishop

of Sodor and Man under the Episcopal Pensions 21 & 22 Geo. 5-

(Sodor and Man) Measure, 1931,) pay to the Eccle- °' x*

siastical Commissioners for the benefit of their common

fund at the times and in the manner specified in section

two of this Measure, an annual contribution of the

amount payable in respect of his bishopric under the

Schedule to this Measure:

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply to any bishop holding a diocesan bishopric at the passing of this Measure except upon his request in writing addressed to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners:

(6) Where after the passing of this Measure a person becomes a diocesan bishop, the pensions authority, in lieu of making to him any payment which but for the provisions of this section he would have been entitled to claim in respect of contributions paid to them by him under the Clergy Pensions Measures, shall transfer to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners the amount of any such contributions together with compound interest thereon at the rate of two pounds ten shillings per cent, per annum calculated with annual rests from the dates of payment thereof.

4. All rights and obligations under the Clergy Pensions Measures Cesser of rights

and the Older Incumbents Measure to which a person holding obligations

or appointed to a suffragan bishopric may be entitled or subject

shall as from the passing of this Measure or as from the date of Measures.

3 M 2

IV

No. 2.

Episcopal Pensions

Measure, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

his becoming a suffragan bishop, whichever may be the later, finally cease and determine.

Provisions as 5.—(1) If a person who has

to^suftragan afterwards becomes a diocesan

obligations as a suffragan bishop under this Measure shall finally holding other cease and determine.

held a bishop.

suffragan bishopric all his rights and

office. (2) If a person who has held a suffragan bishopric, and has

become entitled to receive a pension under this Measure, afterwards holds another suffragan bishopric, then during his tenure of that bishopric—

(a) his pension shall be suspended, and

(b) he shall be liable to contribute in respect of that bishopric

as if he had never become entitled to a pension under this Measure.

(3) If a person who has held a suffragan bishopric and has become entitled to receive a pension under this Measure holds or is appointed to any ecclesiastical office or preferment other than a diocesan or suffragan bishopric, then during his tenure of such other ecclesiastical office or preferment—

(a) if the remuneration received by him in respect thereof

is equal to or greater than the pension, the pension shall be suspended;

(b) if such remuneration is less than the pension, the pension

shall be reduced by the amount of the remuneration;

(c) he shall pay to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners by

the instalments mentioned in section two of this Measure an annual sum of ten pounds in respect of every hundred pounds of such remuneration, or an annual sum of fifty pounds, whichever may be the less.

(4) If a person who has held a suffragan bishopric, but has not become entitled to receive a pension under this Measure, holds or is appointed to any ecclesiastical office or preferment other than a diocesan or suffragan bishopric, then—

(a) during his tenure of such other ecclesiastical office

or preferment he shall pay to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners an annual sum of fifty pounds in the manner specified in section two of this Measure and

(b) on resigning such other ecclesiastical office or pre-

ferment on or after attaining the age of seventy years, or at an earlier age by reason of physical or mental disability, he shall be entitled to receive from the Ecclesiastical Commissioners a pension of five hundred pounds as if he had then resigned a suffragan bishopric.

1945- Episcopal Pensions No. 2. v

Measure, 1945.

(5) For the purposes of this section the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have power to determine conclusively any question as to the amount of the remuneration received in respect of any ecclesiastical office or preferment.

6. —(1) If a suffragan bishop or any person becoming a Provisions for diocesan bishop after the passing of this Measure dies before the widows entering into receipt of a pension under this Measure leaving of bishops-

a widow him surviving, such widow shall receive a pension for life of a capitalised value of five hundred pounds at the death of such bishop, in accordance with the scale set out in the table contained in Part II of the Schedule to the Widows Measure.

(2) In any exceptional case where the Ecclesiastical Commissioners are of opinion that a capital sum will be of special benefit to a widow, the Commissioners may at any time at their discretion with the consent of such widow commute the whole or any part of the pension payable to her under this Measure for such capital sum as is estimated to be the actuarial equivalent thereof, and pay such capital sum to her.

(3) Any diocesan or suffragan bishop may make provision for his widow by entering into an agreement with the pensions authority under Part II of the Widows Measure and the relevant provisions of that Measure shall apply accordingly, and for that purpose such bishop may at any time before Ins retirement surrender to the pensions authority not more than one half of any pension or prospective right to a pension secured to him by the Episcopal Pensions Measure, 1926, or by this Measure.

Nothing in this Measure shall affect any such agreement entered into by any person before becoming a bishop.

(4) Save as aforesaid, no pension or right under this Measure shall be capable of being assigned, charged or anticipated, and every purported assignment or charge upon or anticipation of the same shall be void, and the same shall not pass to any trustee in bankruptcy of the pensioner.

7. Any diocesan or suffragan bishop prospectively entitled Power to to a pension under the Episcopal Pensions Measure, 1926, or con^act ?or under this Measure, may enter into an agreement with the* Ecclesiastical Commissioners for a reduction of his pension to

any amount not less than £200 per annum and for a proportionate reduction of the annual contributions payable by him under this Measure.

8. In this Measure— Interpretation.

(a) the following expressions have the meaning hereby respectively assigned to them—

" bishop " includes an archbishop;

20 & 21 Geo. 5. No. 6.

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw. 8.

No. 3.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. No. 1.

Repeal.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. No. 2.

[Short Title.]

No. 2. Episcopal Pensions 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Measure, 1945.

" bishopric " includes an archbishopric;

" diocesan bishop" means the bishop of any diocesan bishopric in England, whether created before or after the passing of this Measure, including the bishopric of Sodor and Man;

" suffragan bishop" means the bishop of any suffragan bishopric in England, whether created before or after the passing of this Measure;

" pensions authority" means the Church of England Pensions Board constituted under the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926;

" Clergy Pensions Measures" means the Clergy Pensions Measures, 1926 to 1936;

" Older Incumbents Measure" means the Clergy Pensions (Older Incumbents) Measure, 1930;

" Widows Measure" means the Clergy Pensions (Widows and Dependants) Measure, 1936;

(1 b)Contributions paid by any person to the pensions authority under the Clergy Pensions Measures include any lump sum paid by such person under section four subsection (1) paragraph (iii) of the Clergy Pensions (Amendment) Measure, 1936, and any moneys received by the pensions authority in respect of such person under reciprocal arrangements authorised by section 30 of the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926.

9. —(1) In section one, subsection (1) paragraph (a) of the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926, as amended by section two of the Clergy Pensions (Amendment) Measure, 1936, the words " bishop suffragan " are hereby repealed.

(2) Section six of the Episcopal Endowments and Stipends Measure, 1943, is hereby repealed.

10. This Measure may be cited as the Episcopal Pensions Measure, 1945.

SCHEDULE.

Contributions payable by diocesan bishops:— Archbishop of Canterbury or York

Bishop of London or Durham

Any other diocesan bishop

£150 per annum

£ 80 ,

*945-

Incumbents (Disability)

Measure, 1945.

No. 3.

vii

No. 3.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To make provision for the cure of souls when through disability arising from age or infirmity (whether bodily or mental) an incumbent of a benefice is unable to discharge adequately the duties attaching thereto and to make provision for payment for the discharge of such duties and for the pension of such incumbent.

[15th June 1945.]

Preliminary.

1. For the purposes of this Measure— Definitions.

(1) the expression " benefice comprehends all rectories with cure of souls vicarages perpetual curacies endowed public chapels and parochial chapelries and chapelries or districts belonging or reputed to belong or annexed or reputed to be annexed to any church or chapel and districts formed for ecclesiastical purposes by virtue of statutory authority and includes benefices in the patronage of the Crown or of the Duchy of Cornwall but does not extend to any of His Majesty's Royal Chapels or to any Royal peculiar or to any cathedral or capitular preferment or dignity nor to any chapel belonging to any college school hospital inn of court asylum or public or charitable institution nor to any private chapel:

(2) the expression " incumbent " includes in relation to a benefice a rector with cure of souls, vicar, perpetual curate, curate in charge or minister:

(3) the expression 0 bishop" means the bishop of the diocese

in which the benefice concerned is situate:

(4) the expression " pensions authority" means the Church

of England Pensions Board constituted under the Clergy 16 & 17 Geo 5. Pensions Measure, 1926 : No* 6.

(5) the expression " Resignation Acts" means the Incum-

bents Resignation Acts, 1871 and 1887 :

(6) the expression " Older Incumbents Measure" means the 20 & 21 Geo. 5*

Clergy Pensions Older Incumbents Measure, 1930, and No* 6* the expression " older incumbent " has the same meaning as in the Older Incumbents Measure.

2. There shall be constituted in every diocese a Committee, Ministerial to be called " the Ministerial Committee," (hereafter in this Committee. Measure called " the Committee ") which shall consist of clerks

viii No. 3. Incumbents (Disability) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

M, 1945.

in Holy Orders beneficed or licensed under seal to officiate within the diocese in which the Committee is constituted, elected in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Measure.

Part I.

Cure of Souls in Case of the Incumbent's Disability.

Reference to 3.—(1) In any case where the bishop is satisfied that such action

Committee. is proper, he may by notice in writing instruct the Committee to consider and report to him whether in their opinion an incumbent through disability arising from age or infirmity (whether bodily or mental) is unable to discharge adequately the duties attaching to his benefice and if so whether it is desirable—

(i) that he should be given assistance in discharging such

duties; or

(ii) that he should resign his benefice;

and in the latter case whether any and if so what annual sum should be secured to him by way of pension in addition to the pension payable by the pensions authority under this Measure.

A copy of the notice instructing the Committee shall at the same time be sent by the bishop to the incumbent.

(2) The bishop may, if he so desires, appoint in writing a clerk in Holy Orders as his representative to attend the meetings of the Committee when invited by them to do so.

Proceedings of 4.—(1) The Committee shall consider the questions put to them

Committee. under the provisions of the foregoing section and shall invite the incumbent concerned and the bishop’s representative, if any, to confer with them, either together or separately, and after such conference, or after there has been a reasonable opportunity for such conference, shall make their report in writing answering the questions put to them by the bishop :

Provided that they shall not report that the incumbent is unable to discharge adequately the duties of his benefice unless at least four members of the Committee shall have voted in favour of such report, nor shall they report that it is desirable that the incumbent should resign his benefice unless at least five members of the Committee shall have signified their assent to such report in writing.

(2) At any meeting of the Committee to which the incumbent concerned is invited he may, if he so desires, be assisted, or in his absence represented, by a friend or adviser.

(3) The Committee may at any time before making their report request the bishop or his representative (if any) to make further enquiry into any matter and to communicate the result of such enquiry to the Committee.

(4) The Committee shall send a copy of their report to the incumbent.

1945-

Incumbents (Disability)

Measure, 1945.

No. 3.

IX

5. —(1) In any case where the Committee have reported that Bishop's through disability arising from age or infirmity (whether bodily powers, or mental) an incumbent is unable to discharge adequately the duties of his benefice without assistance, and that it is desirable

that he should be given assistance in discharging such duties, the bishop shall have the following powers in respect of such benefice any or all of which shall be exerciseable in his discretion and from time to time (that is to say):—

(i) Power with the consent of the incumbent to appoint and license an assistant curate or curates selected by the bishop with a stipend or stipends fixed by him in accordance with Part II of this Measure;

(ii) Power to direct that certain duties shall be discharged by such curate or curates instead of by the incumbent;

(iii) Power to give leave of absence to the incumbent for a period not exceeding two years and to make provision for the discharge of the duties of the benefice during such period of absence;

(iv) Power to make such other temporary provision for the discharge of the duties attaching to the benefice as the bishop may think fit.

(2) The bishop shall have power to determine the appointment of any curate appointed under this section after such notice as shall be specified in the licence granted to him by the bishop.

(3) The bishop shall cause a record of every exercise by him of the foregoing powers to be filed in the diocesan registry.

6. —(1) In any case where the Committee have reported that it Bishop's is desirable that the incumbent should resign his benefice or the incumbent has failed within fourteen days to consent to the benefice appointment of an assistant curate, or curates, when requested vacant, by the bishop so to do, under the last preceding section, the bishop

shall have power within six months after the receipt of the report of the Committee to execute a declaration of avoidance declaring the benefice void as from a specified date not being less than three or more than six months after the date of the declaration. Provided that as from the date of avoidance there shall be secured to the incumbent:—

(a) the pension payable by the pensions authority in accor-

dance with the next succeeding section; and

(b) such annual sum (if any) by way of additional pension

as may be agreed between the Committee and the diocesan board of finance :

Provided also that in the case of an incumbent admitted to his benefice before the passing of this Measure the total annual sum secured to him by way of pension and additional pension (if any) shall not be less than two hundred pounds per annum.

Pension payable by pensions authority.

No. 3. Incumbents (Disability) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Measure, 1945.

(2) Such declaration of avoidance shall, so far as circumstances permit, be in the form contained in the second schedule to this Measure, and shall be signed in quadruplicate in the presence of one witness.

(3) One copy of the said declaration so completed shall be sent to the patron of the benefice, another to the incumbent, another to the pensions authority, and the remaining copy shall be filed in the registry of the diocese.

(4) The said declaration shall entitle the incumbent to receive from the pensions authority and from the diocesan board of finance respectively the annual sums stated therein to have been secured to him.

7. A clerk whose benefice has been declared void under this Measure shall be entitled, subject to the provisions of this Measure, as from the date of avoidance, to receive during the remainder of his life from the pensions authority a pension of an amount ascertained in manner following (that is to say):—

(i) an older incumbent shall be entitled to receive a pension

of such amount (if any) as he would have been entitled to receive under the Older Incumbents Measure, if he had retired on the date of avoidance under the Resignation Acts, as amended by the Older Incumbents Measure, on the ground that he was incapacitated from the due performance of his duties either by permanent mental or bodily infirmity, or by old age :

Provided that, in any case where the issue of a commission would be necessary under the Resignation Acts, as amended by the Older Incumbents Measure, if an older incumbent were retiring thereunder, no such commission shall be issued, but in lieu thereof the pensions authority shall, in order to give effect to the provisions of the foregoing paragraph, have the same powers and act for all purposes as if they were a commission constituted under the Resignation Acts, as amended by the Older Incumbents Measure, and the older incumbent concerned were retiring thereunder, and shall specify in their report to the bishop the amount of pension which, in their opinion, ought to be allowed out of the revenues of the benefice to the older incumbent if he be retired hereunder:

(ii) an incumbent other than an older incumbent shall be

entitled to receive a pension of such amount (if any) as he would have been entitled to receive under the Clergy Pensions Measures, 1926 to 1936, had he retired thereunder on the date of avoidance, having attained the age of seventy years, or if the seventieth anniversary

1945- Incumbents (Disability) No. 3. xi

Measure, 1945.

of his birth shall not have occurred before such date, had he retired by reason of permanent disability for the performance of his work or duties:

Provided that in any case where the issue of a commission would be necessary under section twenty-seven of the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926, if the incumbent were retiring under the Clergy Pensions Measures,

1926 to 1936, no such commission shall be issued, but in lieu thereof the pensions authority shall, in order to give effect to the provisions of the foregoing paragraph, have the same powers and act for all purposes as if they were a commission constituted under section twenty-seven aforesaid, and the incumbent were retiring under the Clergy Pensions Measures, 1926 to 1936, and shall determine and in their report to the bishop certify such matters as a commission is required to determine and certify by paragraph (iii) of subsection (1) of section twenty-seven aforesaid.

8. The pension payable by the pensions authority to a clerk Payment whose benefice has been declared void under this Measure and of P11310118* any annual sum received by him by way of additional pension

under this Measure shall—

(i) if he is an older incumbent be paid subject to the fulfil-

ment by the retired incumbent of the same conditions in all respects as if the same were an older incumbent’s pension payable under the Older Incumbents Measure; or

(ii) if he is not an older incumbent be paid subject to the

fulfilment by the retired incumbent of the same conditions in all respects as if the same were a pension payable under the Clergy Pensions Measures, 1926 to

1936-

9. The amount ofanypension payable by the pensions authority not to any incumbent under this Measure and the proportion thereof

which may be recovered by the pensions authority from the appointment revenues of the benefice shall not be decreased by reason of the of curate, appointment of a curate or the assignment to such curate of part of the income of the benefice under this Measure.

Part II.

Payments for the Discharge of the Duties of the Benefice

UNDER THIS MEASURE.

10. —(1) Notwithstanding anything contained in Part II of Stipends of

the Benefices (Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926, every curate -

appointed under this Measure shall receive out of the income of No. 8.7 5

the benefice such stipend as may be assigned to him by the bishop

No. 3.

Incumbents (Disability)

Measure, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

xii

with the concurrence of the Committee. Provided that before concurring in the amount to be paid to the curate out of the income of the benefice in respect of such stipend the Committee shall have regard to any representations made by the incumbent as to his financial circumstances.

(2) Every stipend assigned to a curate under this Measure upon the occasion of his appointment shall be specified in the licence granted to him by the bishop.

Payment for 11. In any case where under this Measure temporary provision temporary is made by the bishop for the discharge of the duties attaching

duty* to the benefice the bishop may provide out of the income of the

benefice or otherwise for payment for the same at the rate at which a clerk in Holy Orders is customarily paid for temporary duty in the diocese concerned.

Manner of 12.—(1) In any case where the bishop has appointed a curate

payment for or curates or made other provision for the discharge of the duties performance of the benefice and any part of the income of the benefice is received of duties. from or paid through the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or Queen Anne’s Bounty, the bishop may by a notice in writing addressed to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or Queen Anne’s Bounty, as the case may be, require that any income which has accrued, or may accrue, between the date of the notice and the next vacancy in the benefice, shall to the extent specified in such notice be paid to a person appointed by the bishop to receive the same.

(2) Such notice may be given at any time after the date on which the bishop has appointed a curate or curates or made other provision for the discharge of the duties of the benefice, and further notices varying or revoking the original notice may be given from time to time as occasion may require, but no such notice shall affect the periodical payment of income next due unless received by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or Queen Anne’s Bounty, as the case may be, at least fourteen days before such payment becomes due.

(3) Receipt of such notice shall be sufficient authority to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or Queen Anne’s Bounty, as the case may be, from time to time during the currency of the notice to pay any income of the benefice as directed by the bishop, and the receipt of the person appointed by him shall be a valid discharge.

(4) Every notice given under the provisions of this section shall be in a form to be prepared for the purpose by the Ecclesiasr tical Commissioners and Queen Anne’s Bounty, and when giving any such notice the bishop shall send a copy thereof to the incumbent concerned.

(5) In the case of Queen Anne’s Bounty the expression

" income " used in this section has the same meaning as " net

1 Edw. 8. & income " in the Queen Anne's Bounty (Powers) Measure 1037.

1 Geo. 6. No. 1. 7 /

1945- Incumbents (Disability) No. 3. xiii

Measure, 1945.

Part III. General.

13. Any notice or other document required to be sent or given Services of to an incumbent under this Measure shall be deemed to have been duly sent or given if sent through the post in a prepaid registered letter addressed to the parish or place whereof he is incumbent.

14. The bishop may act as bishop for the purposes of this Bishop

Measure in relation to the incumbent of a benefice of which the Patrn of ... benefice,

bishop is patron.

15. This Measure may be cited as the Incumbents (Disability) Short title. Measure 1945.

16. This Measure shall extend to the whole of the Provinces Extent, of Canterbury and York except the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, but may at any time before the expiration of two years from the date* declared under section one of the Emergency 8 & 9 Geo. 6. Legislation Measure, 1944, to be the date on which the emergency No. 1. that was the occasion of the passing of the Clergy (National 2*3 Geo. 6. Emergency Precautions) Measure, 1939, came to an end be applied No. 3. to the Channel Islands, or either of them, as defined in the Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 1931, in accordance with the procedure set out in the schedule to that Measure.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Ministerial Committee.

Part I.

Constitution.

1.—(1) The clerks in Holy Orders beneficed or licensed under seal to officiate within the diocese in which the Ministerial Committee is constituted shall elect from among themselves twelve persons to be the members of the Committee :

Provided that no person shall be a member of the Committee of any diocese in which he shall for the time being hold the office of an archdeacon.

(2) (a) An election of the Committee shall be held in every diocese at a time to be appointed by the bishop as soon as may be practicable after the passing of this Measure and the members so elected shall be elected for such a period expiring not more than four years after the passing of this Measure as the bishop of the diocese shall by writing under his hand determine.

(b) Subject to the provisions of the foregoing subparagraph and of Part III of this Schedule, elections shall be held in every third calendar year at a time to be appointed by the bishop.

XIV

No. 3. Incumbents (Disability) 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Measure, 1945.

(3) Every election shall be conducted by such person as shall be appointed for the purpose by the bishop and candidates for election shall be nominated and seconded in writing by persons qualified to vote at such election. No person shall be nominated unless he shall have first signified in writing his consent to serve.

(4) Notice of any election together with a nomination paper shall be sent to every clerk in Holy Orders beneficed or licensed under seal to officiate in the diocese and a period of not less than fourteen days shall be allowed for the making of nominations. If after the expiration of this period fewer than the required number of persons shall have been nominated, the bishop shall have power to nominate a sufficient number of persons to make up the required number.

(5) Voting papers with the names in alphabetical order of the persons nominated shall be sent to all electors and such papers shall be signed on the back by the person voting and returned through the post to the person conducting the election. The election shall be made according to the principle of proportional representation by the method of the single transferable vote under rules to be approved from time to time by the archbishop of the province.

(6) Each candidate shall have the right to be present or to nominate one of the electors to be present on his behalf at the counting of the votes.

(7) If more than the required number of persons has been nominated, the six candidates who obtain the six highest places in the election shall be ordinary members of the Committee, and the six who obtain the next six places shall be reserve members. If not more than the required number of persons has been nominated the election shall be held for the first six places only and the six candidates so elected shall be the ordinary members of the Committee and the remaining six candidates shah be the reserve members.

(8) With the assent of the diocesan conference given in accordance with the procedure laid down in section eight of the Diocesan Conference Regulation, 1935, the bishop may for the purpose of an election of members of the Committee divide the diocese into not more than three areas, and determine how many members shall be elected by the qualified electors in each area, provided that the number of members allocated to each area shall always be an even number. The election shall be conducted in such area as if such area were a separate diocese, and the candidates elected shall be equally divided into ordinary and reserve members.

(9) Every election of ordinary members and reserve members of t Committee under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall fort with be certified to the bishop in writing under the hand of the person conducting the election and any such certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the due election of any person therein mentioned.

2. Everything which the Committee are by this Measure required or empowered to do shall be done by the six ordinary members of the Committee provided that—

(1) if any ordinary member of the Committee shall vacate his office or be unable or unwilling to act in any particular case he shall nominate one of the reserve members of the Committee to serve accordingly:

x945« Incumbents (Disability) No. 3.

Measure, 1945.

(2) if for any reason he is unable or unwilling to nominate a reserve

member or fails to do so within fourteen days after being requested by the Chairman of the Committee in writing to do so, the chairman shall nominate a reserve member :

(3) the reserve member nominated under either of the preceding

paragraphs of this proviso shall for the purpose for which he is nominated have all the powers of an ordinary member of the Committee.

3. If during the course of the inquiry in any case any member of the Committee serving in the case retires or becomes unable to act, the inquiry shall nevertheless proceed unless any of the parties thereto shall object; but if such objection be raised the inquiry shall be recommenced.

4. The ordinary members and the reserve members of the Committee shall, subject to the provisions of paragraphs 5 and 6 of this Part of this Schedule, hold office until the conclusion of the next ensuing election:

Provided that where the Committee have been instructed to act in any particular case, and at the conclusion of the next ensuing election have not completed their duties in respect of that case, the members of the Committee engaged in that case, shall continue in office for the purpose of that case only, and no new member elected at any such intervening election shall be qualified by reason of that election to act as a member of the Committee for the purposes of that case.

5. An ordinary member or reserve member of the Committee shall be disqualified from acting as a member of the Committee for any purpose in any case in which he is himself the subject of an inquiry under this Measure or under any Statute or Measure relating to clerical discipline.

6. A member (whether an ordinary or reserve member) of the Committee shall vacate his office as soon as he shall have ceased for a period of three months to be qualified as an elector or as soon as any order shall have been made against him under any Statute or Measure relating to clerical discipline.

7. Whenever an ordinary member of the Committee shall for any reason vacate his office one of the reserve members nominated by such ordinary member shall forthwith fill the vacancy so created and thereafter have all powers of an ordinary member of the Committee.

Part II.

Procedure.

1. The Committee shall elect a chairman and shall have power to adjourn, and, subject to the provisions of this Measure, to determine their own rules of procedure.

2. Except as otherwise expressly provided by this or any other Measure every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a majority of the votes of those present, the chairman having a second or casting vote in the case of an equality of votes.

xv

XVI

No. 3.

Incumbents (Disability)

Measure, 1945.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

3. Five members shall be a quorum for a meeting of the Committee, and the Committee may act notwithstanding any vacancy in its body.

4. All proceedings at any meeting of the Committee shall be held in private.

Part III.

Special Provisions.

In the carrying out of the provisions of this Schedule in any diocese, the bishop of such diocese shall have power which shall be exerdseable from time to time—r

(i) to direct that any election shall be held at a time earlier than that prescribed in Part I of this Schedule;

(ii) in any case in which any difficulty arises, to give any directions consistent with the provisions of this Schedule which he may consider expedient;

(iii) to make provision for any matter not provided for in this Schedule.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form of Declaration of Avoidance of a Benefice.

In the matter of the Benefice of

We by Divine Permission Lord

Bishop of by virtue of the powers

conferred upon us by the Incumbents (Disability) Measure, 1945, do hereby declare as follows:—

1. The said benefice shall be void of the person of the said

Rev. to all intents and purposes of the

law on and after the day of [subject

nevertheless to the payment out of the revenues thereof to the Church of England Pensions Board in trust for the said Rev. of the yearly sum of pounds]:

2. The said Rev. shall be entitled to a

pension of pounds per annum [inclusive of the yearly sum charged on the revenues of the said benefice as aforesaid] payable by the Church of England Pensions Board [and to a further sum of pounds per annum payable by the Diocesan Board of Finance]:

3. The said pension [and further annual sum] shall be payable by

equal quarterly instalments (subject to any necessary apportionment) on the 31st March, 30th June, 30th September, and 31st December in each year (the first of such instalments to be paid on the 19 ), and shall

(subject to the provisions of the said Measure) continue to be payable during the life of the said Rev.

As Witness, &c.

TABLE III.

SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE LEGISLATION OF 1945.

ACTS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED, AMENDED OR OTHERWISE AFFECTED BY ENACTMENTS OF 8 & 9 AND (IN PART) 9 & 10 GEO. 6.

[Note.—References in the fourth column are to chapters of 8 & 9 Geo. 6 unless otherwise stated. A table the effect of Defence Regulations upon statutes is printed in the volumes of Defence Regulations prepared in the Office of the Parliamentary Counsel and periodically published by H.M. Stationery Office.]

Session j and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

5 & 6 Edw. 6 : C. II An Act for the punish- S.4 repealed 44, s. 2, sch.

7 & 8 Will. 3 : c. 3 ment of • diverse treasons. Treason Act, 1695 Repealed except ss. 5, 6, 44, s. 2, sch.

7 Anne : C. 21 Treason Act, 1708 with saving. Ss. 2, 4, 9, 14 repealed ... 44, s. 2, sch.

19 Geo. 2 : c. 9 Jurors (Scotland) Act, Repealed 44, s. 2, sch.

6 Geo. 3 : c. 53 1745-Treason Act, 1766 Repealed 44, s. 2, sch.

12 Geo. 3 : c. 72 Bills of Exchange (Scot- S. 37 suspended (enemies and 16, s. 4.

39 & 40 Geo. 3: c. 93 land) Act, 1772. Treason Act, 1800 war prisoners). Extended, amended and 44

1 & 2 Geo. 4 : c. 24 Treason (Ireland) Act, applied to N.I. S. 2 repealed 44, s. 2, sch.

6 Geo. 4 : c. 22 1821. Juries (Scotland) Act, S. 21 repealed 44, s. 2, sch.

c. 50 1825. Juries Act, 1825 S. 21 repealed 44, s. 2, sch.

10 Geo. 4 : c. 50 Crown Lands Act, 1829 Ss. 70, 88, 94 amended ... 6 M

4 & 5 Vict. : c. 38 School Sites Act, 1841... Repealed 37, ss. 77, 88,

3 N sch. 5.

xviii

Effect of Leg.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Session Short title Chapter of 1945

and or How affected. Act or number

Chapter. Subject. of Measure.

5 & 6 Vict. :

c. 51 Treason Act, 1842 S. 1 repealed 44, s. 2, sch.

c. 94 Defence Act, 1842 Applied, ss. 14, 23 restricted. 43. ss- 32. 35.

16 excluded. sch.

7 & 8 Vict. :

c. 37 School Sites Act, 1844... Repealed 37, s. 88, sch. 5.

8 & 9 Vict. :

c. 16 Companies Clauses Excluded, s. 122 restricted 42, ss. 43, 62,

Consolidation Act, i845- sch. 5.

c. 18 Lands Clauses Consoli- Ss. 123 prescribed period 35 s. 4, sch. 1

dation Act, 1845. defined, 127-33, 150-1 excluded. Part I.

Ss. 92 substituted, 19, 84- 36, s. 12, sch. 2.

90, 127-33, 150-1, excluded. Part IV.

S. 68 applied 39, s. 1 (5).

Incorporated and in part 42, ss. 24 (3), 25,

excluded. sch. 2.

c. 19 Lands Clauses Consoli- In part excluded, ss. 84 33, ss. 28 (1), 58,

dation (Scotland) Act, amended, 90 substituted, schs. 5.

1845. 108-12 modified, 17, 61, 80 applied, 116 prescribed Part I. 6.

• period defined. In part excluded, s. 116 35, ss. 4. 9 (c).

prescribed period defined. sch. 1 Part I.

In part excluded, s. 90 36, s. 16, sch. 2,

substituted. Parts IV, V.

C; 33 Railways Clauses Con- Ss. 6 incorporated as modi- 33, ss. 14 (7), 17,

solidation (Scotland) fied, 70-8 applicable by 21 (1), 53. sch.

Act, 1845. order. 5, Part I.

S. 6 applied 39. ss. 1 (5), 2 (e).

9 & io Vict. :

c. 93 Fatal Accidents Act, S. 3 suspended (enemies and 16.

1846. war prisoners).

io & ii Vict. :

c. 17 Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847- House of Commons Costs Repealed 42, s. 62, sch. 5.

c. 69 Applied [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

Taxation Act, 1847. 18, s. 7 (2).

12 & 13 Vict. :

c. 49 School Sites Act, 1849... Repealed ... 37, s. 88, sch. 5.

c. 78 House of Lords Costs Applied [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

Taxation Act, 1849. 18, s. 7 (2).

14 & 15 Vict.:

c. 24 School Sites Act, 1851... Repealed 37, s. 88. sch. 5.

15 & 16 Vict.:

c. 28 Commissioners of Works S. 2 modified (compulsory 33. s. 4 (»)•

Act, 1852. purchase).

c. 49 School Sites Act, 1852... Repealed ... 37, s. 88. sch. 5.

17 & 18 Vict. :

c. 26 Treason (Ireland) Act, 1854-Defence Act, 1854 Repealed 44, s. 2, sch.

c. 67 Applied as modified 43, ss. 32-3, sch.

c. 91 Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854. Applied as amended 34. s. 1.

18 & 19 Vict. :

c. 131 School Grants Act, 1855 Repealed 37. ss. 14 (2), 89, sch. 6.

19 & 20 Vict.:

c. 69 County and Borough S. 15 amended II, s. 1.

Police Act, 1856.

A.D. 1945-

Effect of Legislation.

xix

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

20 & 21 Vict.:

c. 72 22 Vict. : Police (Scotland) Act, i857- S. 65 amended II, s. 2.

C. 12 Defence Act, 1859 Applied as modified 43, ss. 32-3, sch..

23 & 24 Vict.: Lands Clauses Consoli- Applied, s. 7 proviso restric- 43. ss. 32, 35 (2),.

c. 106 dation Acts Amendment Act, 1860. ted. sch.

c.. 112 • ... Defence Act, 1860 S. 46 applied as modified... 43, ss. 32-3, sch.-

24 & 25 Vict.:

c. 14 Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1861. S. 9 extended (N.I. securities). 12, s. 7 (2) (3).

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 25 Savings Bank Investment Act, 1863. S. 3 extended (N.I. securities). 12, s. 7 (2) (3).

c. 87 Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863. S. 19 extended (N.I. securities). 12, s. 7 (2) (3).

c. 93 Waterworks Clauses Act, 1863. Repealed 42, s. 62, sch. 5.

c. 112 Telegraph Act, 1863 ... S. 7 applied 43. s. 25 (4).

27 & 28 Vict.:

c. 57 Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864. Ss. 14-19 restricted 43. s. 32 (3)-

28 & 29 Vict.:

c. 27 Parliamentary Costs Act, 1865. Applied [9 A 10 Geo. 6] 18, s. 7 (1).

29 & 30 Vict.:

c. 51 , ... Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1866. S. 15 applied 37. s. 82.

ji & 32 Vict.:

c. 37 Documentary Evidence Extended :

Act, 1868. Min. of Fuel and Power... Min. of Civil Aviation ... 19. s. 5 (4)-21, s. 6 (4).

c. 72 Promissory Oaths Act, Sch. Part I extended :

1868. Min. of Fuel and Power... Min. of Civil Aviation... 19, S. 2. 21, S. 3.

C. IOO Court of Session Act, 1868. S. 91 applied 33. s. 31 (2).

[2 A 33 Vict.:

c. 62 Debtors Act, 1869 S. 5 restricted 41, s. 10 (2).

c. 67 Valuation (Metropolis) S. 47 (8) modified 42, sch. 3, Part

Act, 1869. XII para. 56.

3 A 34 Vict.:

c. 70 Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870. Repealed as to water. 42, s. 62, sch. 5,

c.78 Tramways Act, 1870 ... S. 32 modified 42, sch. 3, Part VI para. 25 (4).

4 & 35 Vict.:

c. 22 Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871. Ss. 115, 116 repealed, 2 definition of "Bank of Ireland," 109 (prosp.), no, 112, 117 amended. 12, ss. 8, 12, sch.

5 & 36 Vict.:

c. 33 Ballot Act, 1872 Ss. 24 restricted, 39 modified, sch. 1 para. 34 applied Sch. 1 Part I applied 5, ss. 26 (e), 3i (3) (6) (a), sch. 4 Part II para. 2.

[9 A 10 Geo. 6] 21, ss. 6 (3), 7 (4).

3N2

XX

Effect of Legislation.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

35 & 36 Vict.:

c. 62 Education (Scotland) Act, 1872. Ss. 1 certain definitions, 5, 23-38, 40. 45. 54. 56-9. 66-7, 70-1, 76, 79 repealed; 46, 55 substituted; 47-8, 51, 61, 68, 75 amended. 37, ss. 4, 50, 86, 87 (1). 88-9. schs. 4-6.

36 & 37 Vict.:

c. 53 Highland Schools Act, 1873. S.2 amended 37. s. 88, sch. 5.

c. 68 Militia (Lands and Buildings) Act, 1873. S.7 applied 43, s. 32, sch.

c. 72 Defence Acts Amendment Act, 1873. Applied as modified 43, ss. 32-3, sch.

c. 89 Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, Amendment Act, 1873. Repealed as to water ... 42, s. 62, sch. 5.

38 & 39 Vict. :

c. 55 Public Health Act, 1875 S. 303 restricted 42. ss. 33 (3), 62, sch. 5.

e. 89 Public Works Loans Act, 1875- Ss. 11, 41 amended, 9 extended, 11, 37 saved. S. 9 extended 18, ss. 2, 4. 33. s. 46.

39 & 40 Vict.:

c. 36 Customs Consolidation Act, 1876. Ss. 30-1, applied as modified and excluded.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, ss. 13 (4), 14 (2).

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 2 Treasury Bills Act, 1877 S. 6 excluded 4. s. 3 (2); 13. s- 3 (2); 25, s. 2 (2); [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 4. s. 2 (2).

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 76 Telegraph Act, 1878 ... S. 7 extended Ss. 3-5 applied as modified 42, s. 60. 43, s. 24 proviso (6). 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

c. 78 Education (Scotland) Act, 1878. Repealed ...

42 & 43 Vict.:

c. 17 House of Commons Costs Taxation Act, 1879. S. 2 extended [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 18, s. 7 (2).

43 & 44 Vict.:

c. 24 Spirits Act, 1880 Ss. 5 (2), 100 (2) amended, 46 modified, 10, 13-45, 56-8, 66 (1), 67, 71-2, 105 (1), sch. i made replaceable by regulations.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13. ss. 9, 10. sch. 3 Parts I, II.

c. 41 Burial Laws Amendment Act, 1880. Restricted, s. 10 applied ... 27, s. 4.

c. 42 Employers Liability Act, 1880. S. 4 suspended (enemies and war-prisoners) 16.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 58 (as Army Act Ss. 153, 163 amended 22, ss. 3, 4.

amended). 45 & 46 Vict.:

c.42 Civil Imprisonment (Scotland) Act, 1882. S. 4 restricted 41, ss. 10 (2). 26 (3).

c. 56 Electric Lighting Act, 1882. S. 15 applied 42, sch. 3 Part XII para. 70 (6).

c. 59 Education Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882. Repealed except ss. 2, 19 in part, 45-6; s. 45 amended. 37. ss. 53 (4), 74-5. 88-9, schs. 5, 6.

A.D. 1945

Effect of Legislation.

xxi

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

46 & 47 Vict.:

c. 51 Corrupt and Illegal Prac- Sch. 1 Part V para. (4) 5, s. 28 (2).

tices Prevention Act, 1883. modified.

c. 56 Education (Scotland) Act, 1883. Repealed 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

47 & 48 Vict.:

c. 70 Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. S. 21 modified (temp.) ...

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 1, ss. 3, 6.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 51 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885. S. 3 (1) amended [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, s. 11, sch. 3. Part III.

c. 61 Secretary for Scotland Act, 1885. Schedule Part I amended... 37, s. 88, sch. 5.

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 21 Water Companies (Regulation of Powers) Act, 1887. Repealed 42, s. 62, sch. 5.

c. 54 British Settlements Act, 1887. S. 3 amended [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 7-

c. 64 Technical Schools (Scotland) Act, 1887. Repealed 37, s. 88, sch. 5.

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 8 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888. S. 4 repealed [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, s. 62, sch.

52 & 53 Vict.: • IO.

c. 42 Revenue Act, 1889 S. 21 amended [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, s. 11, sch. 3, Part III.

c. 50 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889. S. 120 applied as amended S. 67 (4) excluded S. 85 repealed 10, ss. 1, 6, 9, sch.. 18, s’ 8 (2) (d), 11 (a). 37, s. 88, sch. 5.

c. 63 Interpretation Act, 1889 S. 38 (effect of repeal) applied. x4> s. 3 (6); 15, s. 15; 36, s. 8 (4); 37, s. 88; [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 10, s. 8 (2).

53 & 54 vict.:

c. 43 Education of Blind and Deaf Children (Scotland) Act, 1890. Repealed 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

c. 55 Elections (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890. S. 25 modified (temp.) [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 1. ss. 3, 5 ( ), 6.

c. 59 Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890. S. 13 excluded 19, s. 6 (2).

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 24 Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891. S. 2 extended 25, s. 3, sch. (B).

c. 45 Turbary (Ireland) Act, 1891. S. 4 saved 12, s. 9.

c. 66 Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891. S. 40 modified (charges on registered land). 12, s. 9.

56 & 57 Vict.:

c. 12 Day Industrial Schools (Scotland) Act, 1893. Repealed 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

c. 53 Trustee Act, 1893 S. 1 extended 12, s. 6.

XXII

Effect of Legislation.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

56 & 57 Vict.:

c. 61 Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893. S. 1 suspended (enemies and war prisoners). 16, s. 4.

c. 66 57 & 58 Vict.: Rules Publication Act, 1893- S. 1 excluded 5. s. 12 (5); 10, s. 5 (3); 17, s. 21 (4); 18, s. 9 (1); 4i. s- 17 (3); [9 & 10 Geo. 6J 6, s. 4 (3); 10. s. 4 (2); 11. s. 2 (z); iz. s- 3 (3); 17. s. 1 (6): s. 18 (3).

c. 30 c- 43 Finance Act, 1894 Crown Lands Act, 1894 Ss. 7 (4) restricted, 20 applied. S. 12 amended [9 & 10 Geo. 6- 13. s. 54 (2)- 12, s. 10.

58 ft 59 Vict.:

c. 16 Finance Act, 1895 S. 12 modified* Ss. 6, 7 amended 33, sch. 6, para. 5.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, s. 11, sch. 3, Part III.

59 & 60 Vict 60 Vict.:

c. 44 Truck Act, 1896 Ss. 1-3 applied 17, s. 13 (1).

60 & 61 Vict 61 Vict.:

c. 38 Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. Part IV repealed with saving [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 15, s. 2.

c. 62 Education (Scotland) Act, 1897. Repealed 37, s. 88, sch. 5.

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 37 Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1808. S. 96 excluded [9 & 10 Geo. 6; 21, s. 23 (51

c. 57 Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898. Ss. 1 (5), 11 "certified teacher " amended. 14. s. 11 (1) (2).

62 & 63 Vict.:

c. 19 Electric Lighting S. 72 of the schedule repealed 19, s. 7, sch. 3

63 & 64 Vict.: (Clauses) Act, 1899. S. 17 applied 42, sch. 3 Part XIII. para. 70 (b).

c. 7 Finance Act, 1900 S. 9 excluded [9 & 10 Geo. 6 13. s- 13 (5)

c. 49 Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900. Modified (elections and qualification). 5, SS. IO, II.

c. 51 1 Edw. 7 : Moneylenders Act, 1900 S. 1 (powers of court) extended. 29. S. 7.

c. 9 Education (Scotland) Act, 1901. S. 3 amended 37. ss. 23 (51. 87-8. sch. 5.

c. 17 Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1901. S. 4 amended 12, s. 12. sch. Part I.

2 Edw. 7 :

c. 7 Finance Act, 1902 Ss. 5 (1) amended, 8 applied [9 & 10 Geo. 13, ss. 11-2. sch. 3, Part III.

3 Edw. 7 :

c. 30 Railways (Electrical Power) Act, 1903. Excluded ... 19. s. 6 (2).

c. 33 Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903. S. 49 excluded S. 45 excluded 18, ss. 8 (2) (i). n (<*). 34. s. 2 (6) (fc>

A.D. 1945.

Effect of Legislation.

xxiii

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

3 Edw. 7 :

c. 34 Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1903. Modified (elections) 5, s. 10.

c. 37 4 Edw. 7 : Irish Land Act, 1903 ... • S. 21 saved 12, s. 9.

c. 16 Public Health Act, 1904 Repealed as to Scotland with saving.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 15, s. 2.

6 Edw. 7 : 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

c. 10 Education of Defective Children (Scotland) Act, 1906. Repealed

c. 20 Revenue Act, 1906 ... Ss. 1 (1) repealed, 3 amended [9 & 10 Geo. 6.] 13, S. II, 9Ch. 3, Part III.

7 Edw. 7 :

c. 29 Patents and Designs Act, 1907- S. 29 modified 32. s. 43 (3)-

8 Edw. 7 :

c. 36 Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908. S. 52 (2) proviso amended 18, s. 6.

c. 48 Post Office Act, 1908 ... S. 46 (1) modified (compulsory purchase), (2) restricted. 33, ss. 4, 9 (4)-

c. 63 Education (Scotland) Act, 1908. Ss. 4, 5, 7-11, 13, 20, 22, 24 (1), 26, 32, 34 certain definitions, sch. 1 repealed ss. 12(2) (a). 16(1) (a) (/) 21, 29 (1), 33 amended; 3, 12 (2) (C), 16 (I) 23 (3) substituted; 16 (1) proviso added; 16 excluded. 37, ss. 56, 86-9. schs. 4-6.

c. 67 Children Act, 1908 Repealed 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

9 Edw. 7 :

c. 22 Trade Boards Act, 1909 Repealed 17, ss. 20 25, sch. 4.

c. 47 Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909. S. 10 modified 33. s- 20.

10 Edw. 7 & 1 Geo. 5 :

c. 8 Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910. Sch. 1 " provisions applicable to manufacturers' licences " para. 3A added.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13. s. 12.

c. 24 Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910. Ss. 29-33 applied as modified, 14 (2), 21, 37-8 excluded (temp.), sch. 2 Part II applied. 15, ss. 6 (3;. 7 (2) (3). 8 (2) (3). 9 (4). 15-

1 & 2 Geo. 5 :

c. 46 Copyright Act, 1911 ... S. 10 suspended (enemies and war prisoners). 16.

c. 48 Finance Act, 1911 S. 3 excluded [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13. s. 13 (5).

c. 57 Maritime Conventions Act, 1911. S. 8 suspended (enemies and war prisoners). Saved ... 16. 28, s. 3.

3 & 4 Geo. 5 :

c. 12 Education (Scotland) Act, 1913. Repealed ... 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

c. 28 Mental Deficiency Act, I9I3- S. 30 (cc) applied 14, s. 5, acb. 1.

XXIV

Effect of Legislation.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

3 & 4 Geo. 5 :

c. 38 Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913. Ss. 2 (2) (3), 3 (2) repealed; 2 (1) (4). 3 (1) proviso, 26 proviso amended; 3 (1) (c) (v) substituted; 4, 7, 9, <o applied. 37, ss. 42, 8 2. 86, 89, schs. 4. 6.

4 & 5 Geo. 5 :

c. 58 • Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914. S. 5 applied 42, sch. 3 Part III, para. 10 (7)-

c. 91 5 & 6 Geo. 5 : Welsh Church Act, 1914 Ss. 8 (1) (b) repealed, 24 (3) (4) restricted. 27, ss. 2 (2), 6(2).

c. 62 Finance Act, 1915 S. 8 (4) repealed [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, s. 11, sch. 3, Part III.

6 & 7 Geo. 5 :

c. 40 Telegraph (Construction) Act, 1916. S. 1 applied as modified ... 43, s. 24 proviso (b).

c. 68 New Ministries and Secretaries Act, 1916. Schedule amended 17, s. 25. sch. 4.

7 & 8 Geo. 5 :

— Air Force Act (as amended). Ss. 153,163 amended 22, ss. 3-5.

c. 64 Representation of the People Act, 1918. Sch. 1 Rules 2, 28 amended; s. 7 (2) (4), sch. 3 excluded; ss. 15 (2), 33 (2) restricted; 11, 15 extended, 14 applied, 3 modified. Sch. 7 repealed, ss. 43 (13) amended, 8 (2) modified, 23 applied as modified, 11, 31 (1) applied, 15, 22 (1) extended. 5, ss. 21 (2). 23 (1). 28 (3). 29 (1). 35(2)(5) 36, 38-40, sch. 2 para. 1 (2), sch. 5.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 21, SS. 4(2), 6 (5), 9 (I). 13. 14 (2), 17 (1), 21, 22 (2), 23-4 schs. 2, 4.

8 & 9 Geo. 5 :

C. 4 Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1918. S. 1 (2) ( d)excluded 23, s. 2 (2).

c. 32 Trade Boards Act, 1918 Repealed 17, SS. 20 (5). 25, sch. 4.

c. 40 Income Tax Act, 1918... Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D : Rules 6, 7, 11 amended, 6 applied, 7 restricted, 11 excluded; Schedule A No. V : Rules 8 amended, 1 para. ( g)excluded; Case VI of Schedule D applied; General Rules : Rules 19, 21 modified, 21 applied and saved. Rule 6 of Miscellaneous Rules applicable to Schedule D repealed; Cases I, VI of Schedule D, Rules 20, 21 of the General Rules modified; Rule 11 of Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D excluded; s. 107, sch. 1 Rules 19 and 21 of the General Rules applied. 32, ss. 11 (2). 16-24, 32-3. 37, 41-2, 45 proviso (c), 53 (2), 55 (1). 59. 60, 67.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, ss. 21, 24 (4), 25 (1), 28, 45. 5i (5). 52. sch. 6 paras. 5. 6.

A.D. 1945.

Effect of Le.

XXV

Session Short title Chapter of 1945

and or How affected. Act or number

Chapter. Subject. of Measure.

8 & 9 Geo. 5 :

c. 48 Education (Scotland) Ss. 4, 6, 8, 10, 11 (1), 13 (1), 37. ss- 50. 56,

Act, 1918. M-5. 25. 27-8, 31 (2) (3), sch. 2 para. 12 (a), sch. 4 paras. 3-4, 8-11, sch. 5 paras. 1 (c), 3, 5 (a)-(J), 6 repealed; ss. 5, 7, 9 (1) (3). 11 (3)* 17. 18 (10), 21 (1) (2) (a), 31 (4). sch. 5 para. (1) (d) amended; 9 (5). 20 (2) (3), 21 (iA) added; 21 (2) excluded. 86-9, schs. 4-6.

c. 55 School Teachers (Super- Ss. 14 repealed with saving, 14. ss. 3 (6), 11,

annuation) Act, 1918 5 (5) added. 14, sch. 2.

9 & 10 Geo. 5 :

c. 17 Education (Scotland) S. 8 applied 37. ss. 52, 87.

(Superannuation) Act, 1919.

c. 57 Acquisition of Land (As- Applied as adapted, ss. 2 33, ss. 17 (2), 23

sessment of Compen- Rule (5) excluded, 5 (2) (2), 25 (2) (b).

sation) Act, 1919. restricted, 1, 3, 5-6 ap- 53, 58, 61, sch.

plied. 4, paras. 1, 3, sch. 5 Part II, sch. 6.

Modified 36, s. 12, sch. 2,

Part IV.

Applied as amended, s. 5 (2) 43. ss. 7 (4), 28

excluded. (2). 61 (4).

c. 58 ... Forestry Act, 1919 Commissioners’ powers 35. ss. 3 (3), 4,

transferred to Minister, 8 (2), 10, schs.

ss. j, I (2), 3 (3) (0) (6). 5-6. 7 (l)-(3). 8 (2) (a) (4), 10 (2) with saving, sch. repealed; 3 (2) (3), 7 (4), 8 (2) (6) amended. 1, 2.

c. 100 Electricity (Supply) Act, S. 16 amended 10, s. 6 (2).

io'& 11 Geo. 5: 1919- S. 39 (1) proviso repealed... 19, s. 7, sch. 3.

c. 18 Finance Act, 1920 S. 18 (2) modified... 32. s. 40.

Ss. 11 repealed; 13, 18, [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

sch. 2 para. 1 amended; 13, ss. 4 (4),

sch. 2, paras. 3, 5 (a)-(c) 8 (3) (5). 62,

rates of duty substituted; schs. 2 Part

sch. 2 paras. 1 (oa), 6 proviso added; s. 27, sch. 2 para. 5 (c) (d) restricted; s. 27 applied, 27 (5) ex- III, 10.

cluded and saved.

c. 28 Gas Regulation Act, S. 17 repealed 19, s. 7, sch. 3.

1920.

c. 49 Blind Persons Act, 1920 S. 3 applied [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

13. s. 2.

c. 50 Mining Industry Act, Ss. 1, 2 (2), 5 (2) repealed... 19. s. 7, sch. 3.

1920.

c. 65 Employment of Women, Young Persons and S. 4 definition of "child " repealed. 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

Children Act, 1920.

c. 67 Government of Ireland Excluded 10, s. IO (1).

Act, 1920. Ss. 33 repealed, 6 excluded. 12, ss. 1, 6, 12,

Act modified. sch. Part I.

Excluded 41. s. 27.

Excluded [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

13. s. 54 (4).

c. 72 Roads Act, 1920 S. 13 (3) amended...

[9 & 10 Geo. 6]

13. s. 5 (2) (b).

xxvi

Effect of Legislation.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

io &ii Geo. 5:

c. 80 Air Navigation Act, 1920. Ss. 5, 8, 12, 12A, 13, 15, 17 amended. 21, ss. 2, 6, sch.

11 & 12 Geo. 5:

c. 31 Police Pensions Act, 1921. Extended (overseas service) [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 17-

c. 32 Finance Act, 1921 Ss. 15 (2) repealed, 14 (1) saved.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6j 13, ss. 9 (ij (ii), 11, sch. 3 Part III.

c. 44 Water Undertakings (Modification of Charges) Act, 1921. Repealed 42, s. 62, sch. 3.

c. 58 Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921. S. 10 extended 12, s. 5.

12 & 13 Geo. 5:

c. II 13 & 14 Geo. 5: Juries Act, 1922 Act excluded, s. 1 (5) modified and saved, 1 (6) (11) applied as modified.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 21, ss. 9. II (2) (3). 12 (2).

c. 14 Finance Act, 1923 S. 24 applied as adapted (excess profits tax and National Defence Contribution).

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13. s. 35 (2). sch. 5.

c. 20 Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923- S. 15 excluded 33. s. 17 (4)-

C. 21 Forestry (Transfer of Woods) Act, 1923. Ss. 6 (1) repealed with saving, 1. 5 (2). 6 (2) amended. 35, ss. 4 (10) (fl), 8 (2), 10, sch. 2.

c. 41 Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1923. Modified (elections and qualification). 5, ss. 10-1.

14 & 15 Geo. 5:

c. 21 Finance Act, 1924 S. 33 extended [9 A 10 Geo. 6" 13, s. 52 (2) (b).

c. 22 Carriage of Goods by Sea Act, 1924. Sch. Article III Rule 6 suspended (enemies and war prisoners). 16. 1

c. 24 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1924. S. 4 (cocoa duties) continued [9 & 10 Geo. 6] *4-

15 & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 15 Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925- S. 72 (2) amended Ss. 79 restricted, 104, 109 extended. S. 45 excluded S. 75 (4) amended, Part III applied. 18, s. 6. 33, s. 29 (2). sch. 5 para. 8 (5)- 39, ss. 1 (7). 2 (/).

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 20, ss. 1 (1). 6 (2), 10 (3) (6).

c. 18 Settled Land Act, 1925 Ss. 48,117 " forestry lease " amended. 35. s. 4 (10) (ft).

c. 19 Trustee Act, 1925 Ss. 2 (1) proviso amended, 1 (1) (e) extended. S. 1 (1) (ft) applied as modified. 12, ss. 4, 12, sch. Part I. 42, sch. 3 Part XV para. 74 (3)- 27. s. I (4) (ft) 43. s. 38 (3)-

C. 20 Law of Property Act, 1925. S. 45 (6) applied j S. 84 restricted, 84 (1) saved.

C. 21 Land Registration Act, 1925- S. 64 excluded 43. s- 37 (3).

A.D. 1945.

Effect of Legislation.

xxvii

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

15 & 16 Geo. 5:

C. 22 Land Charges Act, 1925 S. 10 (1) Class D extended... S. 15 extended 42, s. 15 (2) [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 20, ss. 8 (i), 11 (1).

c. 34 Northern Ireland Act, 1925. S. 26 saved 12, s. 9.

c. 36 Finance Act, 1925 S. 7 (1) continued (hops)... S. 15 (1) modified S. 19 applied 24, s. i (1) (a). 32, s. 40.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] I3» s. 44 (4).

c. 55 Education (Scotland) Ss. 7 (1) amended, 4 (1) (a) 37. ss. 52, 65,

(Superannuation) Act, 1925. (b), 7 applied. 87. 89, sch. 1 para. 5, sch. 6.

•c. 56 Isle of Man (Customs) Ss. 5 and (as amended) 7 [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

Act, 1925. continued. 14-

•c. 59 Teachers (Superannua- Ss. 2 (1) (6), 3 (3) (b), 6 (1), 14, ss. 1, 2 (3),

tion) Act, 1925 9 (1) (&) (3). 12 (1). 15 amended; 5 (iA), 6 (3), 10 (iA) (3) added; 2 (2) restricted; 6(1)modified; 12 (2) extended; q (i) (a), 12, 14, 17, applied; 2 (1) provisos (a) and (b) saved. 5 (2) (3). 6 (1) (7). 7 (1). 8 (3) (4), 10—1, 14, sch. 2.

c.84 Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925. Ss. 29 (2) applied, 30 restricted. S. 31 (1) applied ... S. 47 power by scheme to disregard war service &c. 28, s. 2. 41, s. 13 (4).

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 16.

c. 89 Education (Scotland) Act, 1925. Ss. 4, 5 repealed 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

c. 90 Rating and Valuation Ss. 11 (1) (London County), 42. sch. 3 Part

Act, 1925. 37 (10) modified, 43 applied. XII paras. 54 (1), 56, Part XVI para. 81.

16 & 17 Geo. 5:

c. 22 Finance Act, 1926 S. 33 amended [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, s. 22.

c. 27 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926. S. 8 continued [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 14.

c. 47 Rating (Scotland) Act, 1926. Sch. 2 applied S. 12 (7) excluded... 10, ss. 2, 5, 9, sch. 34, s. 2 (6) (b).

c. 48 Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1926. Ss. 1-3 applied 27. s- 4 (3) (*)•

17 & 18 Geo. 5:

c. 6 Forestry Act, 1927 S. 1 repealed 35, s. 10, sch. 2.

c. 10 Finance Act, 1927 ' ... Ss. 41 (2) amended, 41, 42 (4) applied. Ss. 15 (1) (3) repealed, 40 (2) amended, 41 applied as modified. 32, s. 56 (2) (3 [9 & 10 Geo. 13, ss. 11, 17 (1), 27 (2), sch. 3. Part III.

c. 21 Moneylenders Act, 1927 S. 13 (1) suspended (enemies and war prisoners). Ss. 10, 13 (2) extended (powers of court). 16. 29, s. 7.

c. 37 Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927. Restricted, ss. 5 (6) repealed, 5 (2) added, 10 amended. 8.

18 & 19 Geo. 5:

c. 12 Representation of the People (Equal Franchise) Act, 1928. Ss. 1, 2, 7 amended 5, s. 40, sch. 5.

xxviii

Effect of Legislation. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

18 & 19 Geo. 5

c. 17 Finance Act, 1928 S. 23 (4) amended S. 19 excluded S. 12, sch. 3 repealed, sch. 3 para. 5 (a) ( substituted, ss. 2 (5) saved and excluded, 3 extended. 24, s. 6 (2). 32, s. 37 (2) (c).

[9 & 10 Geo. 6} 13, ss. 4 (4), 8 (3) (5). 62, schs. 2 Part HL

c. 28 Education (Scotland) Act, 1928. Repealed IO. 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

c. 30 Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928. Ss. 15 (1), 31-3, 35, 37, 41 definition of "grant-aided school " repealed; 5, 6, 1^-21, 27-8, 41 (1) (C)-(<J), 42 " Provisional Order" amended. 37. ss- 53 (4). 76-7, 86, 89, schs. 4, 6.

c. 3-2 Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. S. 20 excluded 19, s. 6 (2).

19 & 20 Geo. 5:

c. 21 Finance Act, 1929 S. 4 (1) proviso continued (hop oil). 24. s. 1 (1) (b).

c. 25 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929. S. 7 (1) (i) applied Ss. 40 restricted, 23 applied Ss. 12 (3) (b) (7) proviso (iii) (6) repealed; 3 (2), 12 (1) (3) («) (7) proviso (iii) (e), M (4). 17 (3). 3i (1) amended; 12 (3) ( (ab) ( ac), 14 (i2)-(i4) added; 14 (5) substituted; 12 (3) (a) (e) (6), 14 (10) restricted. 10, ss. 2. 9, sch. 33, ss. 14 (6), 60(2). 37, ss. 44. 86-7, 89, schs. 4, 6.

20 & 21 Geo. 5:

c. 1 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1929. S. 3 continued [9 & 10 Geo. 6) M-

c. 17 Poor Law Act, 1930 ... Ss. 3, 52 (1) (2) applied ... 4*. s. 11 (3)-

c. 28 Finance Act, 1930 Ss. 6 (2) repealed, 48 restricted.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, ss. 61-2, sch. 10.

c. 36 Education (Scotland) Act, 1930. Repealed ... , 37, s. 88, sch. 5.

C. 40 Housing (Scotland) Act, 1930. Part I, ss. 44, 49 applied ... 33. s. 47 (3), sch. 5. para. 8.

c. 44 Land Drainage Act, 1930- Sch. 4 para. 4 amended ... 43. s. 55-

21 & 22 Geo. 5:

c. 28 Finance Act, 1931 Ss. 44 (6) amended, 37 (3) applied as modified (City of London).

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, s. 60, sch. 9-

22 & 23 Geo. 5:

c. 22 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1932. S. 15 (1) excluded... 22, s. 2 (2).

c. 25 Finance Act, 1932 Ss. 18 excluded, 18-9 applied. 32, ss. 16 (2), 19, 45, proviso M. 55 (I)-

c. 36 Carriage by Air Act, 1932- Sch. 1 Article 29 suspended (enemies and war prisoners). Sch. 1 Article 21 modified... 16. 28, SS. I (7), 6.

c. 41 Isle of Man (Customs) (No. 2 ) Act, 1932. S. 9 continued [9 & 10 Geo. 6] *4-

A.D. 1945.

Effect of Legislation.

XXIX

Session Short title Chapter of 1945

and or How affected. Act or number

Chapter. Subject. of Measure.

22 & 23 Geo. 5:

c. 47 Children and Young Per- S. 9 repealed 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

sons (Scotland) Act,

c. 48. 1932. Town and Country Plan- S. 2 (1) (2) applied 15. s. 13-

ing Act, 1932.

c. 49 Town and Country Plan- Ss. 12 (3) virtually repealed 33, ss. 11 (7) (10),

ning (Scotland) Act, with saving; 10 (9), 12 3i (4). 32. 38

1932. (1) amended; 8 (4), 19 (1). 39. 40. 42

(2) (ii) (c), 40, 52 " existing (i)"(4). 43-4.

use " proviso (i) modified; 10 (9) excluded; 10 (4), 17 (2), 49 applied; 3. 4, 10 (8), 17, 19 (2) (ii) (d) 60-1.

(3) (4) extended; 52

" The material date "

proviso saved. Sch. 1 Part III, sch. 3 Parts 43, s. 60 (10).

I and II in part applied as modified.

23 & 24 Geo. 5:

c. 12 Children and Young Per- Ss. 53. 69 (2), 73-4 applied 41. s. 11 (1).

sons Act, 1933.

«. 19 Finance Act, 1933 S. 2 (2) (4) continued (beer 24, s. I.

duty and drawback). S. 31 (1) (2) applied 32, S. 19.

S. 25 proviso, sch. 7 Part I [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

repealed, s. 25, sch. 7 13, ss. 4 (4) (6).

Part III amended. 62, sch. 10.

c. 36 Administration of J us- Sch. 1 amended 44, s. 2, sch.

tice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1933.

c. 40 Isle of Man (Customs) S. 4 continued [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

Act, 1933. 14-

c. 51 Local Government Act, Ss. 23, 35 amended, 57 ex- 5, ss. 5, 7 (1) (4),

1933- cluded, 82 (1) (b) restricted, 58 extended. 25, 35 (3), 37. 38 (2), Part VI saved, sch. 2 applied as modified, 35 (5). 99 (2) applied. 3i (3) (5) (6). sch. 4 Part II, para. 4.

Sch. 4, applied as modified. 10, ss. 1, 2 (4),

para. 4 (2) amended. 6 (1) (3). 9, sch.

S. 290 (2)-(5) applied as 15. s. 5 U)-

modified.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6]

18, s. 2, sch. 1.

S. 215 (1) (a) excluded ... 18, s. 8 (2) (d).

S. 290 (2)—(5) applied (compulsory purchase orders) 36, sch. 2 para. 3 (3)-

Ss. 140, 141 (1) (e), 143, 146, 38, ss. 3 (10) (12),

repealed; 139, 141 (1) (a)-(d) (/) amended; 148-54, 275 extended; 290 4, 8, sch. 2.

(2)-(5) applied. Ss. 150 (2) (3) (6), sch. 4 42, ss. 19 (7).

modified, ss. 250-2 excluded, 290 extended. 44. 49 (2).

Part VII, s. 29(2)-(5) ap- 43. ss. 2 (4), 27,

plied as modified, 179 (g) excluded. 60 (5).

I S. 61 (1) (2) modified {temp.) [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 1,

1 ss. 2, 6.

XXX

Effect of Legislation.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Session

and

Chapter.

Short title or Subject.

How aSected.

Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

24 & 25 Geo. 5 c. 14

c. 15

c. 28 c. 32

c. 36

c. 37

c. 41 c. 50

c/53

25 A 26 Geo. 5: c. 1

5

c. 8

c. 24

c. 30 c. 40 c. 41

c. 47

Arbitration Act, 1934...

Supply of Water in Bulk Act, 1934.

Gas Undertakings Act, 1934-Finance Act, 1934

Petroleum (Production) Act, 1934.

Trustee Savings Banks (Special Investments) Act, 1934.

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934.

Road Traffic Act, 1934

County Courts Act, 1934

Special Areas (Development and Improvement) Act, 1934. Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1935-Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1935.

Finance Act, 1935

Law Reform (Married Women and Tortfeasors) Act, 1935. Housing Act, 1935

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1935-

Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935-

S. 9 applied as modified ...

Repealed

S. 28 (2), sch. 2 Part I amended.

S. 21 saved

S. 2 (1) (2) (4) substituted

S. 8 repealed

S. 1 (1) (6) extended S. 1 (1) (6) excluded, 1 (1) extended.

S. 1 suspended (enemies and war prisoners).

S. 19 (1) amended...

S. 12 (f)amended

S. 6 (c) excluded

Repealed with saving S. 2 amended

Sch. 1 Part II para. 6 extended.

Ss. 76, 80 (2) (a), 112 repealed; 78, 79 (1), 80 (1), 83 (2), 104 (1) (2), sch. 1 Part II para. 7 amended; ss. 87 (5) added; 78 (2)

113 (1) definition of "authorised course " substituted; 78 applied.

S. 37 (1) excluded , ...

Ss. 19 amended, 25 applied as adapted.

S. 6 applied

S. 92 (1) amended

Ss. 13 (1), 58 applied S. 83 (1) amended...

Ss. 1, 2 applied

41, s. 5 (2) (6) (5). 26 (7).

42, s. 62, sch. 5.

19, s. 7, sch. 3.

32. s. 41 (4).

[9 A 10 Geo. 6}

13. s- 8-

19, s. 7, sch. 3

12, s. 7 (i). 23. s. 2.

16.

8, s. 1.

[9 A 10 Geo. 6) 13. s. 5 (2) (c).

[9 A 10 Geo. 6] 8, sch. para. 3.

36, s. 8.

37, s. 86, sch. 4.

.14, s. II (4).

37, ss. 86, 89, schs. 4, 6.

41, s. 13 (1) (6).

[9 A 10 Geo. 6] 13. ss. 17 (3), 24 (1). 25-6,

34, sch. 4 Part III.

28, s. 1 (3).

[9 A 10 Geo. 6] 20, ss. 6 (1), 11 (1).

33. s. 47 (2). sch.

5 para. 8 (4).

[9 A 10 Geo. 6] 20, ss. 6 (i), 10 (3).

43. s. 15 (2) (/).

A.D. 1945.

Effect of Legislation.

XXXI

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8 :

C. 2 Government of India Act, 1935. S. 311 (2) definition of " estate duty ", sch. 7 para. 56A, Provincial Legislative List para. 43A added; s. 137 amended, reprint of Act. Functions of Governor of a Province extended, sch. 6 amended, reprint of Act. 7- [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 2, ss. 4-6, sch.

c. 3 Government of Burma Act, 1935. Ss. 139 extended and amended, 157 applied. 30.

c. 32 National Health Insurance Act, 1936. Sch. 1 Part 11 para, (e) extended. Sch. 1 Part II para, (j) substituted. 14, s. 11 (3). 37, s. 86, sch. 4.

c. 33 Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1936. S. 1 (1) (a) excluded 41, s. 13 (1) (c).

c. 42 Education (Scotland) Act, 1936. Ss. 1-3, 6-9, 12-3, 17 (1) certain definitions, 17 (2) repealed; 4, n, 14 (a), sch. amended; ss. 14 (6) substituted; 4 date of operation defined. 37, ss. 23 (6), 86-7, 89, schs. 4, 6.

c. 44 Air Navigation Act, 1936. Ss. 2, 3, 5 (3). 9. 10, 12, 14, 18, 22, 27 (1). 32 (3) (6), schs. 1, 2, 3 paras. 2 (2), 8 amended, s. 26 (1) extended. 21, ss. 2, 6, sch.

c. 45 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1936 S. 3 continued [9 & 10 Geo. 6] M.

c. 49 Public Health Act, 1936 S. 143 amended Ss. xi6 (4) (6), 121, 130, 132-3. 135. 139. 142 definition of " water fittings," 280-1 repealed; x 16 (x) (v), X27 (3) proviso, 136, 137 (2). 138 (2)—(4). 275. 279 (2) amended; 138 (1 A) (2A) added; 111, 120, 137 (x). 138 (1), 279 (1) substituted; 6 modified and extended; 322 excluded. 21, ss. 2, 6, sch. 42, ss. 8 (1), 13 (1) (8), 28-31 62-3, schs. 4,5.

c. 51 Housing Act, 1936 S. 47 excluded S. 123 (2) amended Applied as modified S. 79 excluded S. 91 (4) amended. Part V applied. 15. s. 8 (2). 18, s. 6. 36, s. 12, sch. 39. s. 1 (7).

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 20, ss. 1 (1), 6 (2), 11 (1).

c. 52 Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936. Applied as modified, ss. 6 (4) excluded, 9, 15 extended.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6} 18, s. 16 (2)-(4).

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6 :

c. 5 Trunk Roads Act, 1936 S. 1 (3) applied 33. s. 3 (3)-

c. 31 Special Areas (Amendment) Act, 1937. Repealed with saving 36, s. 8.

XXX11

Effect of Le.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

i Edw. 8 & i Geo. 6 :

c. 37 Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937- Ss .37 (a), 38 (5) (6) repealed; 21 (1) (2), 28 (2) (a) (i). 38 (2), 65 (1) (c), 101 (5), no (1) definition of "child " amended; 71 (1) modified; 32 (3A) added; 28 (1) (a), 50 (1) (ii) substituted; 56 (3), 58, 66 extended ^36 (1) (3) applied. Ss- 57. 73» 77-8 applied ... 37, ss. 28 (2) (4). 43 (4). 84, 86, 89, schs. 4, 6. 41, ss. 11 (1), 26 (3).

c. 38. Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937. Ss. 1 (2) (6), 2 (2) (6), 9 (1) (c) amended, 6 applied. S. 6 applied 19, ss. 3 (2), 7. schs. 2, 3. 21, s. 4 (2).

c. 46 Physical Training and Recreation Act, 1937. Ss. 1, 2, 8 (2), 10 (3) (10) repealed, 3 (1) (3), 10 (2) (4) amended. 37. ss. 3 (4), 89. sch. 6.

c. 54 Finance Act, 1937 S. 15 virtually repealed with saving. Sch. 4 para. 2 (1) modified... 32, ss. 7. 45 proviso (a).

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13. s. 37.

c. 57 Matrimonial Causes Act, 1937- S. 7 (1) suspended (enemies and war prisoners). 16.

c. 58 Summary Procedure (Domestic Proceedings) Act, 1937. Schedule extended 41. s. 4 (4).

c. 64 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1937. S. 3 continued [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 14-

c. 67 Factories Act, 1937 • S. 156 (2) (6) definition of "young person " amended. 37, s. 86, sch. 4.

c. 68 Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937- S. 8 modified Sch. 1 Part II para. 4 repealed, ss. 17(1) amended 10 (5), 29 applied. Act modified (payment of employer’s contributions) and saved. 5. s. 34- 14, ss. 3 (4) (61. 4-6, 11 (5), 14.

c. 69 Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937. S. 8 modified Sch. Part II para. 3 repealed, ss. 10 (5), 24 applied. 5- s. 34- 37, ss. 52. So. schs. 1, 6.

1 & 2 Geo. 6 :

c. 6 Air-Raid Precautions Act, 1937. S. 1 excluded, obligation to prepare schemes suspended.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6’ 12, s. 1.

c. 8 Unemployment Insurance Act, 1938. Ss. 1, 6 repealed 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

c. 13 Superannuation (Various Services) Act, 1938. Schedule amended 33. s. 8 (3).

c- 33 Air Navigation (Financial Provisions) Act, 1938- S. 2 amended j 21, ss. 2, 6, sch.

c. 46 Finance Act, 1938 S. 22 excluded and applied 32, ss. 16 (21. 45 proviso (./).

c. 52 Coal Act, 1938 S. 17 (1) applied ... 43. s. 34 (1).

c. 68 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1938. S. 5 continued ’9 & ro Geo. 6 M-

c. 70 Holidays with Pay Act, 1938. Ss. 3 (1) (0) repealed, 1 (2) proviso, 2 (1), 3 (r). 5 amended. 1 17, s. 25, sch. 4.

A.D. 1945. Effect of Legislation.

xxxiii

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

2 & 3 Geo. 6 : c. 3 Housing (Financial Pro- S. 1 (5) (a) (ii) amended, (2) 33. s. 47-

c. 5 visions) (Scotland) Act, 1938. Export Guarantees Act, proviso (a) extended. Ss. 2 (2) repealed, 2 (1), 3, 6, 9-

C. 21 1939- Limitation Act, 1939 ... 7 amended, 2 (1), 3, 6, 7 (2) extended. Suspended (enemies and war 16.

C. 22 Camps Act, 1939 prisoners). Functions of Min. of Health 26.

c. 31 Civil Defence Act, 1939 transferred to Min. of Education, ss. 1 (4), 2 amended. In part suspended.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6]

c. 38 Ministry of Supply Act, Ss. 7-13 continued, 19 ex- 12, s. 2, sch.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6]

c. 40 I939- London Government Act, tended, 2 (1) provisos (i) (ii), 14 excluded {temp.). Ss. 31 excluded, 32 extended, 10, s. 6. 5, ss. 7 (1) (4),

c. 41 1939-Finance Act, 1939 56 (1) (fr) restricted, sch. 2. applied as modified. S. 139 (1) (0) excluded ... Part V, ss. 102 (1) applied, 114 (2) excluded. S. 36 (1) (2) modified {temp.) S. 18 (5) restricted 31 (3) (5) (6)- 18, s. 8 (2) (d). 43, s. 27 (2).

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 1, ss. 2, 6.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6]

c. 47 Overseas Trade Guaran- Ss. 1 (3), 3 amended, 3 ap- 13. s. 55 (2). 9, ss. 3 (2), 4,

c. 50 tees Act, 1939. Prevention of Violence plied. Continued ... sch.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6]

c. 61 (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939. British Overseas Airways Amended ... 9- 21, ss. 2, 6, sch.

c. 62 Act, 1939. Emergency Powers (De- Continued, s. 11 (1) sub- 3i-

P *0 fence) Act, 1939. Ships and Aircraft stituted. Application of Act continued after expiry except ss. 1 (2) (a) (aa) in part, 6; ss. 8 (1) (2) repealed; 8 (3) restricted; 1 (1) modified and extended; 4 extended {temp.). Ss. 3 (1). 6 (4). 7. 8 (4). 9 [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 10, S3. 1 (1), 2 (1). 3 (2), 4 (3). 5 (2) (a) (4), sch. 2. 21, ss. 2, 6, sch.

c. 75 (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1939. Compensation (Defence) amended. S. 18 (4) added 12, s. II.

c. 77 Act, 1939. Ministers of The Crown Ss. 2, 3 modified, 17 (2) substituted, 1 (1) period extended, 2 (1) (b) excluded, 3 (6) restricted, 2 (1) («) (b), 3 (2) (3) (6) applied, 15 saved. Ss. 2 (1) (a), 3 (2) applied {temp.). Excluded (Min. of Fuel and 43, ss. 8 (1) (a), 23 (&). 30 (3). 3i (2), 45-50. 52. 54- [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 10, s. 5 (5). 19. s. 1 (3).

c. 89 (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939. Trading with the Enemy Power). Ss. 7,15 (2) applied 16, s. 2.

c. 91 Act, 1939. National Registration S. 8 (2) restricted ... 5, s. 24, sch. 4

Act, 1939. 3 0 Part II para. 3.

XXXIV

Effect of Legislation.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

2 & 3 Geo. 6 : c. 95 Teachers Superannua- Ss. 11 " period of war ser- 14, ss. 2 (3). 8,

c. 96 tion (War Service) Act, 1939- Education (Scotland) vice " repealed and substituted, 1 extended, 1, 9 applied. Ss. 7 definition of "Period 9. 14-37. ss. 52, 86,

c. 104 (War Service Superannuation) Act, 1939. Control of Employment of war service" substituted, 1 applied S. 4(1) (2) amended schs. 1, 4. 17. s. 25, sch. 4.

c. 109 Act, 1939. Finance (No. 2) Act, S. 15 (2) excluded 24. s- 5 (3)-

C. 112 1939- Education (Emergency) Sch. 7 Part I para. 3 amended and applied, ss. 11, 15, 18 (1), sch. 7 Part II para. 2 extended, s. 15 (2), sch. 7 Part II para. 1 (2) excluded. Ss. 1 (i), 2 (3), sch. repealed [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, ss. 19, 29 (2). 3i (2) (4). 33 (4). 48 (3). 58, 59 (1), sch. 8. 37, s. 89, sch. 6.

c. 113 (Scotland) Act, 1939. Courts (Emergency S. 1 applied 29, ss. 1 (2) (6),

c. 115 Powers; (Scotland) Act, 1939. Local Elections and Repealed except ss. 3 in 5. 17-5, s. 40, sch. 5.

c. 117 Register of Electors (Tempo 1 ary Provisions) Act, 1939. National Loans Act, part, 9. S. 2 (4) meaning of ‘ county’' defined. Treasury powers extended [9 & 10 Geo. 6 ] 21, s. 12 (5). 18, s. 3 (2);

c. 119 1939- Chartered and Other S. 2 modified (power by O. 23, s. 1; 24. s. 6 (2) (3); [9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13. s. 48 (2); 19. S. 2 (I); 20. s. i (5).

[9 & 10 Geo. 6]

3 & 4 Geo. 6 : c. 6 Bodies (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939. Gas and Steam Vehicles in C. to hold postponed elections of statutory bodies). S. 1 (5) repealed 6.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6]

c. 7 (Excise Duties) Act, 1940. Tiade Boards and Road S. 1 repealed, the Title and 13, s. 62, sch. 10. 17, s. 25, sch. 4.

c. 29 Haulage Wages (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1940. Finance Act, 1940 s. 3 amended. Sch. 5 Part IV para. 6 (2) 24. a- 5 (3)-

c. 40 Colonial Development excluded. Ss. 15-17 applied, 17 saved Ss 26 (1) restricted, 26 (2) substituted and extended, 33 (1), sch. 5 Part IV para. 8 applied. S. 1 (1) proviso substituted 32, ss. 6 (6), 36, 4i (4)-[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, ss. 29 (1) (2). 33 (4). 59 (1). sch. 6 para. 5. 20.

c. 42 and Welfare Act, 1940. Law Reform (Miscel- (Apiil 1,1946), (2) restricted (Aden Protectorate). S. 3 applied 28, ss. 1 (3), 5 (I).

c. 47 laneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1940. Workmen’s Compensa- Excluded, s. 3 (1) amended 41. s. 13 (1) («)

tion (Supplementary Allowances) Act, 1940. ^Ic (3)-

A.D. 1945.

Effect of Legislation.

XXXV

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. • Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

3 & 4 Geo. 6 :

c. 48 Finance (No. 2) Act, Ss. 20 (1) amended, 7 (1) ap- 24, ss. 2 (1), 4.

1940. plied. Sch. 7 amended, ss. 7 (1) [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

Table, 21 (2) (3), 25 applied, 20 saved. 13, ss. 1-3, 14 (2), 16, 62, sch. r

c. 49 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1940. Ss. 1 6 continued A • [9 & 10 Geo. 6] M-

4 & 5 Geo. 6 :

c. 3 Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1940. Repealed except s. 2 and amdt. of s. 3 of 1939 Act as applied to N. I. 5, s. 40, sch. 5.

c. 14 Public Works Loans Act, S. 5 amended 18 s. 5.

c. 30 1941. Finance Act, 1941 S. 1 continued S. 19 (1) (a) amended, (1) (ii)frestricted, (1) modified, 19 applied and modified. Ss. 25, *8 (1), 34 (4), sch. 4 para. 1 amended, 25 (6) added, 7,19 (6) restricted, 19, 28 applied and modified, 43 (2) applied. 24, s. 1. 32, ss. 45 proviso (&). 48-50 53 (3) (*). 58 (4) {*>). 59 (1) (6). 65 (1).

[9 A 10 Geo. 6] 13, ss. 17 (4), 20, 29 (2)—(4), 38. 49, 50, 58-9, schs. 6, 8.

c. 49 Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941. Repealed 5, s. 40, sch. 5.

c. 50 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941- S. 9 (3) (4). sch. 4 para. 3 repealed, s. 9 applied. 43. ss. 40, 44.

5 & 6 Geo. 6 :

c. 5 Education (Scotland) Act, 1942. Ss. 1 (i)-(3) substituted, 3 amended. 37, s. 86, sch. 4.

c. 21 Finance Act, 1942 Sch. 6 Part I para. 10 excluded. S. 9 amended S. 19 repealed Sch. 10 Part I paras. 7 (3) proviso, 8 (3), 10 (3), Part II para. 7 (3) repealed; s. 37, sch. 10 Part I paras. 8 (1) (2), 10 (1), Part II paras. 5, 7 (1) amended; s. 8 (2) substituted; 8 continued. 15. s. 8 (2). 19, s. 7, sch. 2. 24, s. 2 (2).

[9 & 10 Geo. 6] 13, ss. 7, 38, 60, sch. 9.

c. 38 Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1942. Repealed 5, s. 40, sch. 5.

► & 7 Geo. 6 :

c. 16 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1943- Sch. 2 paras. 3,4 repealed... 43. s. 44.

C. 1J Nurses Act, 1943 S. 13 (1) meaning of "agency for the supply of nurses " restricted. 6, s. 1.

C. 21 War Damage Act, 1943 3 S. 17 modified S. 32 jurisdiction of appeal or reference to referee transferred to tribunal. 0 2 43. s. 54-9 & 10 Geo. 6.] 8.

XXXVI

Effect of Legislation.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

6 & 7 Geo. 6 :

c. 28 Finance Act, 1943 S. 24 modified [9 & 10 Geo. 6 13. s. 49, sch. 6

c. 33 Nurses (Scotland) Act, 1943- S. 12 (1) meaning of "agency for the supply of nurses ’’ restricted. 6, s. 2.

c. 37 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1943. Ss. 1-4 continued [9 & 10 Geo. 6; 14-

c. 43 Town and County Plan- Ss. 2 (2) (3), 4 modified, 2 33, ss. 11 (3),

ning (Interim Devel- (2) restricted, 3, 5 ex- 30 (2). 34 (7).

opment) (Scotland) cluded, 6 (1) applied, 6 (2) 35-6, 40 pro-

Act, 1943. extended. viso (&), 44 (4).

c. 48 Parliamentary Electors Ss. 12 (3) (&). 19 (1) (2). 21 5, ss. 3. 14 (5).

(War-Time Registra- (2), 24 (2) repealed; 6 (1) 16 (1), 17, 18

tion) Act, 1943. (6) (2), 14 (2) (4), sch. 3 repealed with savings; ss. 1 (4), 2 (2). 12 (2) (a). 19 (5), sch. 1 para. 1 amended; ss. 8 (5) modified (service register); 2 (2), 5 (2) (3). 11 (2). 13. 15, 18, sch. 2 applied; ss. 5 (3), 10 applied (N. I) : 9 (3). 12 (3) (4) excluded; 3, 10, 11 (1), 14 (3), 20, 22 meaning of " member of the forces ’’ extended; 2 (1), 11 (1), 13 (2), 16, 17, 21 (1) adapted. Ss. 1 (5), 2 (2), 3, 4, 12, 17, 19 (4) (5) repealed; 13 modified; 2 (1) 16, 20, 21 (1) extended; 5 (3), sch. 2 applied; sch. 1 para. 1 (a) (&) restricted; s. 19 (4) meaning of " county " defined. (3) (6). 19 (31 (6), 20 (l), 21 (3). 22 (1), 23-4. 25 (8), 27 (1) (6), 28 (1) (d). 29 (1) [b). 30. 3i (4). 33 (1). 35 (2) (3) (5). 37-8.39 (4) (3)-40, schs. 2 para. 5, 3 ^ara. 5, 4 Part [9 & 10 Geo. 6^ 21, ss. 1, 5 (2) (b),6 (6), 9 (5) 12 (5). 15 (>' (2), 18 (I). 21. 24, schs. 1, 2. 4-

c. 49 Workmen’s Compensation (Temporary Increases) Act, 1943. Excluded 41, s. 13 (1) (a)

7 & 8 Geo. 6 :

c. 2 Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1943. Repealed except s. 2 5, s. 40, sch. 5.

c. 6 Courts (Emergency Powers) (Scotland) Act, 1944. S. 1 applied 29, s. i (2) (6).

c. *3 Finance Act, 1944 S. 26 applied Ss. 27-9 modified (scientific research), 29, restricted, 29 (3) amended, 29 (4) extended. S. 31 (1) definition of "the appointed day " repealed; appointed day fixed (April 6, 1946); ss. 11 (1), 32 (4) extended; Part IV restricted. 24. S. 3 (2)- , , 32, ss. 4 (4" 44-7. 58 (4) (c).

[9 & 10 Geo. 6 13, ss. 14 (i1-18, 33 (4). 3^-

A.D. 1945.

Effect of Legislation.

XXXVII

Session Short title Chapter of 1945

and or How affected. Act or number

Chapter. Subject. of Measure.

7 & 8 Geo. 6 :

c. 24 Parliamentary Electors S. 1 (2) amended [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

(War-Time Registration) Act, 1944. 21, ss. 2, 21 (l).

c. 26 Rural Water Supplies Ss. 3, 5 repealed, 4 amended 42, ss. 28, 62,

and Sewerage Act, 1944. sch. 5.

c. 31 Education Act, 1944 ... Ss. 35, 108 (3) applied 41, s. 2 (2) (a).

c. 34 Validation of War-time S. 1 (2) applied 33. s. 54 (6) (d).

Leases Act, 1944.

c. 36 ... Housing (Temporary Ss. 2 (1) modified, 1 applied 39-

Accommodation) Act, S. 8 (1) amended [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

1944- 20, SS. 5, II (I).

c. 41 House of Commons (Re- S. 3 (2) repealed, sch. 3 Rule 5, ss. 33 (i)-(3).

distribution of Seats) Act, 1944. 8 para. 1 (b) repealed and substituted, ss. 1 (2) (6), 40, sch. 5.

3 (1) amended.

c. 42 Unemployment Insur- S. 3 excluded 41, s. 13 (1) (6).

ance (Increase of Benefit) Act, 1944.

c. 44 Diplomatic Privileges S. 1 saved [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

(Extension) Act, 1944 19. ss. 3 (4). 11 (1).

c. 47 Town and Country Plan- S. 15 excluded 15. s. 8 (2).

ning Act, 1944. S. 42 applied 36. sch. 2 paras.

9. 18 («)•

Ss. 58-9, sch. 6 applied ...

[9 & 10 Geo. 6]

13. s- 57 (2) (6).

Ss. 13 (4) (5). M (1) (2), 25 [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

(7), 26 (6). 27 (4), 35 (3), 36 (1) (d) (e) amended, 16 (4) substituted. 18, s. 8, sch. 2.

8 & 9 Geo. 6 :

c. 3 Local Elections and Repealed 5, s. 40, sch. 5.

Register of Electors (Temporary Provi-

sions) Act, 1944.

c. 5 Representation of the Ss. 13 (1) (6) (iv), 16-7, 22, [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

People Act, 1945. 23 (3). 32 (1). 35 (5) (*>). 21, ss. 1, 5 (1),

sch. 3 repealed; 13 (1) 8,10 (1), 12 (1),

(b) (iii) amended; sch. 3 15 (3), 16, 21,

substituted; s. 20, sch. 24, schs. 1, 3,

4, Part II modified; s. 32 excluded; Part IV, s. 21 (2) (6) (c) applied. 4-

c. 24 Finance Act, 1945 Ss. 3 (4) applied, 5 (3) [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

extended. 13, ss. 24, 33 (4), sch. 4 para. 6.

c. 32 Income Tax Act, 1945... Appointed day fixed (April [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

6, 1946), ss. 68 (1) defi- 13, ss. 18, 58

nition of " the appointed (2), 59 (6), sch.

day" repealed, 58 (4), 4 para. 6, sch.

59 (2) (5) amended, 61 restricted, 3 (4) applied. 8 Part II.

c. 33 Town and Country Plan- Ss. 13 (4) (5). 14 (1) (2). 24 [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

ning (Scotland) Act, 1945- (4) (5) (7). 25 (6). 26 (4), 34 (3). 35 (1) (<*) («). schs- 18, s. 8, sch. 2.

2, 3 amended, s. 15 (5) substituted, 50A added.

xxxviii

Effect of Legislation. 8 & 9 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1945 Act or number of Measure.

8 & 9 Geo. 6 : c. 38 Local Government S. 3 (9) amended [9 & 10 Geo. 6]

c. 42 (Boundary Commission) Act 1945. Water Act, 1945 Ss. 9 (5). 10 (4), 12 (2) (5), 18, s. 8, sch. 2.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6]

c. 43 Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945. 14 (2), 24 (7), 26 (6) (7), 32 (3). 33 (2). sch. 1 paras. 8,9,17,18, 23-4 amended, sch. 2 para, n added. Parts II, V, VI extended. 18, s. 8, sch. 2.

[9 & 10 Geo. 6]

ss. 56, 58 (2) applied 10. s- 5 (5)-

{temp.).

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND

CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES OF 1945.

[Index removed.]

