THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES

1957

being those which received the Royal Assent during that year having been passed in the Second and Third Sessions of the Forty-first Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in the

Fifth and Sixth Years

of the Reign of Her Majesty

QUEEN ELIZABETH THE SECOND

with

Tables of the Short Titles and of the Effect of Legislation and an Index

Printed by Sir John Roughton Simpson, C.B. Controller of Her Majesty’s Stationery Office and Queen’s Printer of Acts of Parliament

LONDON

HER MAJESTY’ STATIONERY OFFICE

1958

---

PRICE £2 15 0 NET

CONTENTS

Page

Table I: Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1957 ... c

Table II: Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1957 ... e

The Public General Acts of 1957—

5 & 6 Eliz. 2, cc. 6-63 1

6 Eliz. 2, cc. 1-4 1079

Table III: The Short Title of the Church Assembly Measure of 1957 i

The Church Assembly Measure of 1957—

5 & 6 Eliz. 2, No. 1 ii

Table IV: Effect of Legislation iii

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measure of 1957 li

c

TABLE I

alphabetical list of the public

GENERAL ACTS OF 1957

Advertisements (Hire-Purchase) Act (c. 41) ... ' 07T

Affiliation Proceedings Act (c. 55)

Agriculture Act (c. 57)

Appropriation Act (c. 63)

Army (Conditions of Enlistment) Act (c. 50) 527

Cheques Act (c. 36)

Church of Scotland (Property and Endowments) Act (c. 30) tm

Cinematograph Films Act (c. 21) , Vi

Coal-Mining (Subsidence) Act (c. 59) 00

Commonwealth Settlement Act (c. 8) ... q

Consolidated Fund Act (c. 7)

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act (c. 10) 14

Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act (c. 18) !!! 71

Dentists Act (c. 28) 259

Electricity Act (c. 48)

Exchequer and Audit Departments Act (c. 45) 390

Expiring Laws Continuance Act (6 EHz. 2, c. 2) 1007

Export Guarantees Act (c. 23)

Federation of Malaya Independence Act (c. 60) .. oat

Finance Act (c. 49) ... •* ™

Geneva Conventions Act (c. 52) ca*

Ghana Independence Act (c. 6) ,

Governors’ Pensions Act (c. 62) * Iqqq

Homicide Act (c. 11)

House of Commons Disqualification Act (c. 20) ... 80

House of Commons Members’ Fund Act (c. 24) ... iia

Housing Act (c. 56) 270

Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act (c. 38)... 337

Judicial Offices (Salaries and Pensions) Act (c. 46) 392

Legitimation (Re-registration of Birth) Act (c. 39) 354

Magistrates’ Courts Act (c. 29) 296

Maintenance Agreement Act (c. 35) 327

Ministerial Salaries Act (c. 47)

a 2

Alphabetical List 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Page

National Health Service (Amendment) Act (c. 44) 389

National Health Service Contributions Act (c. 34) 317

National Insurance Act (c. 26) 192

National Insurance (No. 2) Act (6 Eliz. 2, c. 1) 1079

Naval and Marine Reserves Pay Act (c. 32) 307

Naval Discipline Act (c. 53) 683

New Streets Act, 1951 (Amendment) Act (c. 33) 309

Northern Ireland (Compensation for Compulsory Purchase) Act (c. 14) 33

Nurses Act (c. 15) 34

Nurses Agencies Act (c. 16) 59

Occupiers* Liability Act (c. 31) 302

Parish Councils Act (c. 42) 376

PfltentQ Apt (c 1^ 00

Public Health Officers (Deputies) Act (c. 19) !!'. "! "! 79

Public Trustee (Fees) Act (c. 12) 27

Public Works Loans Act (6 Eliz. 2, c. 4) 1102

Rating and Valuation Act (c. 17) 66

Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Special Provisions) Act

(c. 58) 948

Rent Act (c. 25) 136

Representation of the People (Amendment) Act (c. 43) 389

Road Transport Lighting Act (c. 51) 529

Solicitors Act (c. 27) 205

Superannuation Act (c. 37) 333

Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation Act (c. 54) 761

Thermal Insulation (Industrial Buildings) Act (c. 40) ... 365

Transport (Railway Finances) Act (c. 9) 9

White Fish and Herring Industries Act (c. 22) 127

Winfrith Heath Act (c. 61) 993

Yarmouth Naval Hospital Transfer Act (6 Eliz. 2, c. 3) 1099

TABLE II

CHRONOLOGICAL LIST OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1187

Chapter

5 & 6 Eliz. 2 Page

6 Ghana Independence Act 1

* 7 Consolidated Fund Act 8

* 8 Commonwealth Settlement Act 9

9 Transport (Railway Finances) Act 9

*10 Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act ... 14

11 Homicide Act 15

12 Public Trustee (Fees) Act 27

13 Patents Act 29

14 Northern Ireland (Compensation for Compulsory Pur-

chase) Act 33

15 Nurses Act 34

16 Nurses Agencies Act 59

♦17 Rating and Valuation Act 66

♦18 Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act 71

19 Public Health Officers (Deputies) Act 79

20 House of Commons Disqualification Act 80

21 Cinematograph Films Act 115

♦22 White Fish and Herring Industries Act 127

23 Export Guarantees Act 132

24 House of Commons Members* Fund Act 134

25 Rent Act 136

26 National Insurance Act 192

27 Solicitors Act 205

28 Dentists Act ' 259

29 Magistrates’ Courts Act 296

30 Church of Scotland (Property and Endowments) Act ... 301

31 Occupiers* Liability Act 302

32 Naval and Marine Reserves Pay Act 307

33 New Streets Act, 1951 (Amendment) Act 309

34 National Health Service Contributions Act 317

35 Maintenance Agreements Act 327

36 Cheques Act 331

♦37 Superannuation Act 333

3& Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act 337

39 Legitimation (Re-registration of Birth) Act 364

40 Thermal Insulation (Industrial Buildings) Act 365

41 Advertisements (Hire-Purchase) Act 371

42 Parish Councils Act 376

43 Representation of the People (Amendment) Act 389

♦ Certified by the Speaker under the Parliament Act, 1911, as a Money Bill.

Chronological List

Chapter

5 & 6 Eliz. 2 Page

44 National Health Service (Amendment) Act 389

45 Exchequer and Audit Departments Act ... 390

46 Judicial Offices (Salaries and Pensions) Act 392

47 Ministerial Salaries Act 395

48 Electricity Act 398

*49 Finance Act 459

50 Army (Conditions of Enlistment) Act 527

51 Road Transport Lighting Act 529

52 Geneva Conventions Act 543

53 Naval Discipline Act 683

54 Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation Act... 761

55 Affiliation Proceedings Act 762

56 Housing Act 770

57 Agriculture Act 917

58 Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Special

Provisions) Act 948

*59 Coal-Mining (Subsidence) Act 952

60 Federation of Malaya Independence Act ... 986

61 Winfrith Heath Act 993

62 Governors* Pensions Act 1000

63 Appropriation Act 1010

Chapter 6 Eliz. 2

1 National Insurance (No. 2) Act ... ... 1079

2 Expiring Laws Continuance Act ... ... 1097

3 Yarmouth Naval Hospital Transfer Act ... ... ... 1099

4 Public Works Loans Act ... ... 1102

* Certified by the Speaker under the Parliament Act, 1911, as a Money Bill.

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 6

Ghana Independence , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Provision for the fully responsible status of the Gold Coast under the name of Ghana.

1 Consequential modification of British Nationality Act.

3. Consequential modifications with respect to development schemes, etc.

4. Consequential modification of other enactments.

5. Short title and appointed day.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Legislative powers of Ghana.

Second Schedule—Amendments not affecting law of Ghana.

An Act to make provision for, and in connection with, the attainment by the Gold Coast of fully responsible status within the British Commonwealth of Nations.

[7th February, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:-

1. The territories included immediately before the appointed Provision day in the Gold Coast as defined in and for the purposes of the for the Gold Coast (Constitution) Order in Council, 1954, shall as from Jhe

that day together form part of Her Majesty’s dominions under Gold Coast the name of Ghana, and— under the

(a) no Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed on or after the appointed day shall extend, or be deemed to extend, to Ghana as part of the law of Ghana, unless it is expressly declared in that Act that the Parliament of Ghana has requested, and consented to, the enactment thereof;

(b) as from the appointed day. Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom shall have no responsibility for the government of Ghana or any part thereof;

(c) as from the appointed day, the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the legislative powers of Ghana :

Provided that nothing in this section other than paragraphs (a) to (c) thereof shall affect the operation in any of the territories aforesaid of any enactment, or any other instrument having the effect of law, passed or made with respect thereto before the appointed day.

A

L.

2

Ch. 6

Ghana Independence Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Consequential modification of British Nationality Act

Consequential modifications with respect tc development schemes, etc.

2. As from the appointed day, the British Nationality Act, 1948, shall have effect—

(a) with the substitution in subsection (3) of section one thereof (which provides for persons to be British subjects or Commonwealth citizens by virtue of citizenship of certain countries) for the words " and Ceylon " of the words " Ceylon and Ghana ";

(b) as if in the British Protectorates, Protected States and Protected Persons Order in Council, 1949, the words " Northern Territories of the Gold Coast " in tlle First Schedule thereto and the words "Togoland under United Kingdom Trusteeship " in the Third Schedule thereto were omitted:

Provided that a person who, immediately before the appointed day, was for the purposes of the said Act and Order in Council a British protected person by virtue of his connection with either of the territories mentioned in paragraph (b) of this section shall not cease to be such a British protected person for any of those purposes by reason of anything contained in the foregoing provisions of this Act, but shall so cease upon his becoming a citizen of Ghana under any law of the Parliament of Ghana making provision for such citizenship.

3.—(1) No scheme shall be made on or after the appointed day under the Colonial Development and Welfare Acts, 1940 to 1955, wholly or partly for the benefit of Ghana.

(2) Any scheme in force under the said Acts immediately before the appointed day which was made solely for the benefit of Ghana or any part thereof shall cease to have effect on that day without prejudice to the making of payments in pursuance of that scheme on or after that day in respect of any period falling before that day; and, so far as practicable, no part of any sums paid out of moneys provided by Parliament for the purposes of any other scheme made under those Acts before that day shall be employed in respect of any period falling on or after that day for the benefit of Ghana.

(3) Nothing in the two foregoing subsections shall restrict the making of, or the employment of sums paid out of moneys provided by Parliament for the purposes of, any scheme under the said Acts with respect to a body established for the joint benefit of Ghana and one or more of the following territories, that is to say, the Federation or any Region of Nigeria, Sierra Leone and the Gambia, in a case where Ghana has undertaken to bear a reasonable share of the cost of the scheme.

1957

Ghana Independence , 1957

Ch. 6

3

(4) Without prejudice to the continuance of any operations commenced by the Colonial Development Corporation in any part of Ghana before the appointed day, as from that day the expression " colonial territories " in the Overseas Resources Development Acts, 1948 to 1956, shall not include Ghana or any part thereof.

4.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Interpretation Act, Consequential 1889, the expression " colony " in any Act of the Parliament of modhteation the United Kingdom passed on or after the appointed day shall not include Ghana or any part thereof.

(2) As from the appointed day, the expression " colony " in the Army Act, 1955, and the Air Force Act, 1955, shall not include Ghana or any part thereof, and in die definitions of " Commonwealth force " in subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-five and subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-three respectively of those Acts and in section eighty-six of the Naval Discipline Act as amended by the Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1955, for the words " or Ceylon " there shall be substituted the words " Ceylon or Ghana ".

(3) Any Order in Council made on or after the appointed day under the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955, providing for that Act to continue in force beyond the date on which it would otherwise expire shall not operate to continue that Act in force beyond that date as part of the law of Ghana.

(4) As from the appointed day, the provisions specified in the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments respectively specified in that Schedule, and Her Majesty may by Order in Council, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, make such further adaptations in any Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed before this Act, or in any instrument having effect under any such Act, as appear to her necessary in consequence of section one of this Act; and any Order in Council made under this subsection may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council so made and, though made after the appointed day, may be made so as to have effect from that day:

Provided that this subsection shall not extend to Ghana as part of the law thereof.

5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Ghana Independence Short title and Act, 1957. appointed

(2) In this Act, the expression "the appointed day" means the sixth day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, unless before that date Her Majesty has by Order in Council appointed some other day to be the appointed day for the purposes of this

4

Ch. 6

Ghana Independence Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 1.

SCHEDULES FIRST SCHEDULE Legislative Powers of Ghana

1. The Colonial Laws Validity Act, 1865, shall not apply to any law made on or after the appointed day by the Parliament of Ghana.

2. No law and no provision of any law made on or after the appointed day by the Parliament of Ghana shall be void or inoperative on the ground that it is repugnant to the law of England, or to the provisions of any existing or future Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, or to any order, rule or regulation made under any such Act, and the powers of the Parliament of Ghana shall include the power to repeal or amend any such Act, order, rule or regulation in so far as it is part of the law of Ghana.

3. The Parliament of Ghana shall have full power to make laws having extra-territorial operation.

4. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, sections seven hundred and thirty-five and seven hundred and thirty-six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall be construed as though reference therein to the legislature of a British possession did not include reference to the Parliament of Ghana.

5. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, section four of the Colonial Courts of Admiralty Act, 1890 (which requires certain laws to be reserved for the signification of Her Majesty’s pleasure or to contain a suspending clause) and so much of section seven of that Act as requires the approval of Her Majesty in Council to any rules of court for regulating the practice and procedure of a Colonial Court of Admiralty shall cease to have effect in Ghana.

6. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, the constitutional provisions shall not be repealed, amended or modified otherwise than in such manner as may be specified in those provisions.

In this paragraph, the expression " the constitutional provisions " means the provisions for the time being in force on or at any time after the appointed day of the Gold Coast (Constitution) Orders in Council, 1954 to 1956, and of any other Order in Council made before that day, or any law, or instrument made under a law, of the Parliament of Ghana made on or after that day, which amends, modifies, re-enacts with or without amendment or modification, or makes different provision in lieu of, any of the provisions of any such Order in Council or of any such law or instrument previously made.

1957

Ghana Independence , 1957

Ch. 6

5

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 4.

Amendments not affecting law of Ghana Diplomatic immunities

1. In section four hundred and sixty-one of the Income Tax Act,

1952 (which relates to exemption from income tax in the case of certain Commonwealth representatives and their staffs) for the words " or Ceylon " in both places where they occur there shall be substituted the words " Ceylon or Ghana ".

2. In subsection (6) of section one of the Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act, 1952, after the word "Ceylon " there shall be inserted the word "Ghana and the proviso to subsection (1) of that section shall not apply in relation to Ghana until a law of the Parliament of Ghana making provision for citizenship of Ghana has come into force.

Financial

3. As respects goods imported after such date as Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint, section four of the Import Duties Act,

1932, and section two of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1932 (which relate to imperial preference other than colonial preference) shall apply to Ghana.

4. In the Colonial Stock Act, 1934 (which extends the stocks which may be treated as trustee securities), the expression " Dominion " shall include Ghana; and, during any period falling on or after the appointed day during which there is in force as part of the law of Ghana any instrument passed or made before that day which makes provision corresponding to the undertaking required to be given by the Government of a Dominion under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one of that Act, paragraphs (a) and (b) of the said subsection (1) shall be deemed to have been complied with in the case of Ghana.

Visiting forces

5. In the Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933, section four (which deals with attachment and mutual powers of command) and the definition of "visiting force " for the purposes of that Act which is contained in section eight thereof shall apply in relation to forces raised in Ghana as they apply in relation to forces raised in Dominions within the meaning of the Statute of Westminster, 1931.

6. In the Visiting Forces Act, 1952—

(a) in subsection (1) of section one (which specifies the countries

to which that Act applies) for the words " or Ceylon " there shall be substituted the words " Ceylon or Ghana

(b) in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section ten the expression

" colony " shall not include Ghana or any part thereof;

and, until express provision with respect to Ghana is made by an Order in Council under section eight of that Act (which relates to the application to visiting forces of law relating to home forces), any such Order for the time being in force shall be deemed to apply to visiting forces of Ghana.

6

Ch. 6

Ghana Independence Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. —con/.

Ships and aircraft

7. In subsection (2) of section four hundred and twenty-seven of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, as substituted by section two of the Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act, 1949, for the words " or Ceylon " there shall be substituted the words " Ceylon or Ghana

8. In the proviso to subsection (2) of section six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1948, for the words " or Ceylon " there shall be substituted the words " Ceylon or Ghana

9. In the definitions of " Dominion ship or aircraft " contained in subsection (2) of section three of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, and in Regulation one hundred of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, the expression " a Dominion " shall include Ghana.

10. The Ships and Aircraft (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1939, shall not apply to any ship by reason only of its being registered' in, or licensed under the law of, Ghana; and the penal provisions of that Act shall not apply to persons in Ghana (but without prejudice to the operation with respect to any ship to which that Act does apply of the provisions thereof relating to the forfeiture of ships).

11. In the Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act, 1934, the expression " British ship to which this Act applies " shall not include a British ship registered in Ghana.

Copyright

12.—(1) If on or after the appointed day the Parliament of Ghana repeals or amends the Copyright Act, 1911, in so far as it forms part of the law of Ghana or of any part of Ghana, the following provisions of this paragraph shall have effect.

(2) Any provision of the said Act in force at the date of the repeal or amendment as part of the law of the United Kingdom shall no longer apply in relation to, or to any part of, Ghana, whether as part of Her Majesty’s dominions to which that Act extends or by virtue of section twenty-eight of that Act:

Provided that—

(a) this sub-paragraph shall not prejudicially affect any legal rights existing at the time of the repeal or amendment;

(b) Ghana shall be included in the expression " self-governing dominion" for the purposes of subsection (2) of section twenty-five and subsection (3) of section twenty-six of that Act (which relate to reciprocity with self-governing dominions having their own copyright law), and the said subsection (2) shall have effect in relation to Ghana as if that Act, so far as it remains part of the law of Ghana or of any part of Ghana, had been passed by the Parliament of Ghana;

(c) this sub-paragraph shall not apply to any provision of that Act which continues to have effect as part of the law of the United Kingdom by virtue only of paragraph 40 of the Seventh Schedule to the Copyright Act, 1956.

1957

Ghana Independence Act, 1957

Ch. 6

7

(3) If at the date of the repeal or amendment any provision of the 2nd Sch. Copyright Act, 1956, has come into operation but does not extend to —coni.

all parts of Ghana by virtue of an Order in Council made before the appointed day under section thirty-one of that Act and has not been applied in the case of Ghana by an Order in Council made on or after that day under section thirty-two of that Act, any reference in that provision to countries to which that provision extends shall, notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 39 of the Seventh Schedule to that Act, not be construed as if that provision extended to Ghana or any part thereof.

COO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Colonial Laws Validity Act, 1863

Naval Discipline Act, 1866

Interpretation Act, 1889

Colonial Courts of Admiralty Act, 1890...

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894

Copyright Act, 1911

Import Duties Act, 1932

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1932

Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth)

Session and Chapter

Act,

28 & 29 Vict. c. 63.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 109.

52 & 53 Via. c. 63.

53 & 54 Via. c. 27.

57 & 58 Via. c. 60.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 46.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 8.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 16.

1933

Colonial Stock Act, 1934

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act, 1934

Emergency Powers (Defence) Aa, 1939

Ships and Aircraft (Transfer Restriction) Aa,

1939

Merchant Shipping Aa, 1948

British Nationality Act, 1948

Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act, 1949

Income Tax Aa, 1952

Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Aa, 1952.

Visiting Forces Act, 1952

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 6.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 47. 24 it 25 Geo. 5. c. 49. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 70.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 44. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 56. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

c. 43.

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

1 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

1 Eliz. 2. c. 67.

Anny Act, 1955

Air Force Act, 1955

Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts

sitional Provisions) Act, 1955

Copyright Act, 1956

... 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

... 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

(Tran-

... 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

... 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 74.

8 Ch. 7 Consolidated Fund 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

yfc/, 1957

CHAPTER 7

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven.

[26th February, 1957]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

igueof 1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of

theCoSSoUdated the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply mS08 granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the 3im March, 1957. thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven, the sum of thirty-nine million pounds.

Power for 2.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the

the Treasury issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England to borrow. and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole thirty-nine million pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven, and section 40 & 41 Vict, si* of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal c. 2. of bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with any interest payable thereon, out of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.] 3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund Act, 1957.

1957 Commonwealth Settlement Ch. 8,9 9

Act, 1957

CHAPTER 8

An Act to extend the period for which the Secretary of State may make contributions under schemes agreed under section one of the Empire Settlement Act, 1922.

[26th February, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subsection (1) of section one of the Empire Settlement Extension of Act, 1937 (which, as amended by the Empire Settlement Act, during 1952, prolongs until the thirty-first day of May, nineteen hundred contributions and fifty-seven the period authorised by section one of the may be made. Empire Settlement Act, 1922, for the continuance of the liability i £dw. 8. 1

of the Secretary of State under any scheme agreed under the Geo. 6. c. 18. last-mentioned Act) shall have effect as if for the words " nineteen 15 A16 Geo. 6. hundred and fifty-seven " there were substituted the words *1 Eliz-2- c*

" nineteen hundred and sixty-two ". 12 & 13 Geo.

(2) The Empire Settlement Act, 1952, is hereby repealed. 5. c. 13.

2. This Act may be cited as the Commonwealth Settlement Short title and Act, 1957, and this Act and the Empire Settlement Acts, 1922 and 1937, may be cited together as the Commonwealth and Empire Settlement Acts, 1922 to 1957.

CHAPTER 9

An Act to make temporary provision authorising the British Transport Commission to meet interest and other revenue charges by borrowing, and modifying the requirement of the Transport Act, 1947, as to the sufficiency of the Commission’s revenue to meet revenue charges, to authorise advances out of the Consolidated Fund of sums so borrowed, and for purposes connected therewith.

[26th February, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The borrowing powers of the British Transport Com- Temporary^ mission (in this Act referred to as " the Commission ") shall be c^mmhsion’s extended as follows: borrowing

(a) the purposes for which money may be borrowed by the powers, issue of stock under subsection (2) of section eighty-eight of the Transport Act, 1947, or by taking advances 10 & ll Geo.

A* 6. c. 49.

10

Ch. 9

4*5 Eliz. 2 c. 54.

Transport (Railway Finances) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

under section forty-two of the Finance Act, 1956, shall include the payment of interest on capital moneys borrowed by the Commission for the purposes of British Railways in the year nineteen hundred and fifty-six or any of the next nine years (including moneys borrowed in any such year under this paragraph), being interest accruing not later than the end of the third year after that in which the moneys are borrowed;

(b) subject to the following provisions of this section, the Commission shall (in addition to their powers under the said section eighty-eight) have power to borrow by means of advances under the next following section the sums required—

(i) to meet any deficit on revenue account of British Railways for the year nineteen hundred and fifty-six or any of the next six years;

(ii) to pay interest on money borrowed under this paragraph, being interest accruing not later than the end of the fifth year after that in which the moneys are borrowed nor later than the end of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-four.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section moneys borrowed to repay any temporary borrowing shall be treated as borrowed for the purpose and at the time of the temporary borrowing.

(3) Any power conferred by subsection (1) of this section to borrow for any purpose shall include power to borrow for the repayment of moneys temporarily borrowed for that purpose under subsection (1) of section eighty-eight of the Transport Act, 1947.

(4) The aggregate amount borrowed by the Commission under sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall not exceed two hundred and fifty million pounds.

(5) The sums required to meet any such defidt as is referred to in the said sub-paragraph (i) shall be taken to be the amount of that defidt less the amount of any surplus on revenue account of the Commission’s undertaking excluding British Railways, and less any interest accruing during the year which is taken into account in computing that defidt but is or can be met out of moneys borrowed under some other provision of this section.

(6) The auditors appointed by the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation (in this Act referred to as "the Minister") to audit the Commission’s accounts for the year nineteen hundred and fifty-six or any of the next eight years shall certify to the Minister the sums, if any, required in respect of that year for the purposes referred to in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) respectively of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section.

1957

Transport (Railway Finances)

Act, 1957

Ch. 9

II

(T) If on the giving of a certificate for any year under sub-section (6) of this section it is found that the sums borrowed by the Commission by virtue of the said paragraph (b) exceed the sums certified to be required as aforesaid, the excess shall, as far as may be, be treated as borrowed by virtue of that paragraph in respect of the next following year, and in so far as it cannot be so treated, shall be repaid forthwith.

2.—(1) The Minister may advance to the Commission any Advances by sum which the Commission are authorised to borrow by para- Minister to graph (b) of subsection (1) of the foregoing section, and the Commission. Treasury may issue to the Minister out of the Consolidated Fund such sums as are necessary to enable him to make advances under this section.

(2) Interest on any advance made under this section shall be paid to the Minister at such rates and at such times as he may with the approval of the Treasury direct.

(3) The Commission shall repay, or begin repaying, any such advance not later than the seventh year after that to which the advance relates, that is to say—

(a) in the case of an advance of sums required to meet a deficit, that in which the deficit was incurred; and

(b) in the case of an advance of sums required to pay interest, that in which the interest accrued.

(4) The amount outstanding in respect of any such advance at the end of the seventh year after that to which it relates shall be repaid by the Commission to the Minister at such times and by such methods as he may with the approval of the Treasury direct; and any direction given under this subsection may from time to time be varied by a subsequent direction so given.

(5) Subsections (3) and (4) of this section shall not preclude the Commission from repaying any advance in whole or in part before the time at which they are required to do so.

(6) For the purpose of providing sums to be issued under subsection (1) of this section, or of providing for the replacement of sums so issued, the Treasury may at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to

raise money under die National Loans Act, 1939, and any 2 & 3%Geo.'6. securities created and issued to raise money under this subsection c. 117. shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under that Act

(7) Any sums received by the Minister by way of repayment of or interest on advances under this section shall be paid into the Exchequer and shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund at such times as the Treasury may direct, and shall be applied by the Treasury as follows, that is to say,—

(a) so much thereof as represents principal shall be applied in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit; and

A* 2

12 Ch. 9 Transport (Railway Finances) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

,4c/, 1957

(b) so much thereof as represents interest shall be applied towards meeting such part of the annual charges for the national debt as represents interest.

(8) The Minister shall, as respects each financial year, prepare in such form and manner as the Treasury may direct an account of sums issued to him under subsection (1) of this section and of sums received by him as aforesaid, and of the disposal by him of those sums respectively, and shall send it to the Comptroller and Auditor General before December in the following financial year; and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine, certify and report on the account and lay copies of it, together with his report, before each House of Parliament.

Treatment of interest and deficits in accounts and in determining sufficiency of revenue.

3.—(1) The Commission, in their annual accounts for the year nineteen hundred and fifty-six or any subsequent year, shall carry to a special account the amounts (if any) required by subsection (2) or (3) of this section.

(2) In the accounts for the year nineteen hundred and fifty-six the amounts to be carried to the special account are—

(a) any interest accruing during the year and falling within paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act; and

(b) any deficit on revenue account of British Railways for the year, computed without taking into account any such interest as aforesaid; and

(c) the accumulated deficit at the end of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-five on the Commission’s revenue account as shown in their annual accounts for that year.

(3) In the accounts for the year nineteen hundred and fifty-seven or any subsequent year the amounts to be carried to the special account are—

(a) the amounts shown in the special account for the preceding

year; and

(b) any interest accruing during the year, being interest which is or can be met out of moneys borrowed under this Act; and

(c) (except in the case of a year later than the year nineteen

hundred and sixty-two) any deficit on revenue account of British Railways for the year, computed without taking into account any such interest as aforesaid;

but reduced by such amounts (if any) as the Commission think fit, not being less—

(i) in the case of the amount referred to in paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of this section, than such amount (if any) as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, direct; or

1957

Transport (Railway )

Act, 1957

Ch. 9

13

(ii) in the case of any other amount, than the sums advanced to the Commission in respect thereof under section two of this Act and due in that year for repayment.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (4) of section three of the Transport Act, 1947 (which puts on the Commission a duty to secure that their revenue is not less than sufficient for making provision for the meeting of charges properly chargeable to revenue, taking one year with another), the Commission shall not be required to have regard to any interest or deficit so far as it is for the time being represented by an amount standing in the special account.

4. —(1) In this Act " British Railways " means that part of Supple-the Commission’s undertaking which consists in providing notary-railway services (other than services within the scope of the functions which are for the time being delegated to the London Transport Executive) and in activities incidental to the provision

of those railway services; and for this purpose the activities incidental to those railway services shall be taken to include the collection and delivery by road of goods carried in the course of those services and the generation and distribution of electric current for the purposes of those services.

(2) Where the purposes for which any capital moneys are borrowed by the Commission (whether before or after the passing of this Act) are in part only the purposes of British Railways, then for the purposes of section one of this Act such part of those moneys shall be treated as borrowed for the purposes of British Railways as is so treated for the purpose of the annual accounts of the Commission.

(3) In computing for the purposes of this Act the deficit on revenue account of British Railways for any year, there shall be brought in such amounts as may be just in respect of any general expenses and charges of the Commission and in respect of any other expenses, charges and receipts referable in part only to British Railways.

(4) If any question arises under subsection (1) of this section whether any part of the Commission’s undertaking forms part of British Railways, the question shall be determined by the Minister.

5. This Act may be cited as the Transport (Railway Finances) Short title-Act, 1957.

L*

14 Ch. 10 Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 10

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-six, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven and one thousand nine hundred and fifty-eight.

[21st March, 1957]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending on die thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-six and one thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven, the sum of one hundred and fourteen million, one hundred and twenty-eight thousand, two hundred and twenty-two pounds.

Imuo of £114.128.222 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the yean ending 31st March. 1956 and 1957.

£?.677°.923.oooo out 2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of o^e^c^ted the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply oftbe/weodhM granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the ltt ' thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-

eight, the sum of one thousand six hundred and seventy-seven million, nine hundred and twenty-three thousand pounds.

Power for 3.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the

the Treasury issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England to borrow. and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two million, fifty-one thousand, two hundred and twenty-two pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-eight, and section 40 & 41 Vict 41 Vict, six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal c. 2. of bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills.

le

1957

Consolidated Fund {No. 2) Act, 1957 Ch. 10,11

15

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with any interest payable thereon, out of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Short title. Act, 1957.

CHAPTER 11

Homicide , 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Amendments of law of England and Wales as to

FACT OF MURDER

Section

1. Abolition of " constructive malice ".

2. Persons suffering from diminished responsibility.

3. Provocation.

4. Suicide pacts.

Part II Liability to death penalty

5. Death penalty for certain murders.

6. Death penalty for repeated murders.

7. Abolition of death penalty for other murders.

8. Courts-martial.

9. Punishment for murders not punishable with death, and other con-

sequential provisions.

Part ID

Amendments as to form and execution of death

SENTENCE IN ENGLAND AND WALES

10. Form of sentence of death for murder.

11. Notice of execution.

12. Avoidance of double executions.

Part IV

Application to, and special provisions for, Scotland

13. Application of Parts I and III to Scotland.

14. Amendment as to penalty for certain attempts to murder.

is! Amendment as to period within which date of execution is to be fixed.

16

Ch. 11

Homicide , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Abolition of M constructive malice*'.

Persons suffering from diminished responsibility.

Part V Commencement, etc.

Section

16. Past offences.

17. Short title, repeal and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Supplementary provisions as to procedure, appeals, etc.

Second Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to make for England and Wales (and for courts-martial wherever sitting) amendments of the law relating to homicide and the trial and punishment of murder, and for Scotland amendments of the law relating to the trial and punishment of murder and attempts to murder.

[21st March, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Amendments of law of England and Wales

AS TO FACT OF MURDER

1.—(1) Where a person kills another in the course or furtherance of some other offence, the killing shall not amount to murder unless done with the same malice aforethought (express or implied) as is required for a killing to amount to murder when not done in the course or furtherance of another offence.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection, a killing done in the course or for the purpose of resisting an officer of justice, or of resisting or avoiding or preventing a lawful arrest, or of effecting or assisting an escape or rescue from legal custody, shall be treated as a killing in the course or furtherance of an offence.

2.—(1) Where a person kills or is a party to the killing of another, he shall not be convicted of murder if he was suffering from such abnormality of mind (whether arising from a condition of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease or injury) as substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions in doing or being a party to the killing.

1957

Homicide , 1957

Ch. 11

17

(2) On a charge of murder, it shall be for the defence to prove Part 1

that the person charged is by virtue of this section not liable to —com*

be convicted of murder.

(3) A person who but for this section would be liable, whether as principal or as accessory, to be convicted of murder shall be liable instead to be convicted of manslaughter.

(4) The fact that one party to a killing is by virtue of this section not liable to be convicted of murder shall not affect the question whether the killing amounted to murder in the case of any other party to it.

3. Where on a charge of murder there is evidence on which Provocation, the jury can find that the person charged was provoked (whether by things done or by things said or by both together) to lose his self-control, the question whether the provocation was enough to make a reasonable man do as he did shall be left to be determined by the jury; and in determining that question the jury shall take into account everything both done and said according to the effect which, in their opinion, it would have on a reasonable man.

4*—(1) It shall be manslaughter, and shall not be murder, for Suicide pads, a person acting in pursuance of a suicide pact between him and another to kill the other or be a party to the other killing himself or being killed by a third person.

(2) Where it is shown that a person charged with the murder of another killed the other or was a party to his killing himself or being killed, it shall be for the defence to prove that the person charged was acting in pursuance of a suicide pact between him and the other.

(3) For the purposes of this section " suicide pact " means a common agreement between two or more persons having for its object the death of all of them, whether or not each is to take his own life, but nothing done by a person who enters into a suicide pact shall be treated as done by him in pursuance of the pact unless it is done while he has the settled intention of dying in pursuance of the pact.

Part n Liability to death penalty

5.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, the following Death penalty murders shall be capital murders, that is to say,— murders*"

(a) any murder done in the course or furtherance of theft;m

(b) any murder by shooting or by causing an explosion;

(c) any murder done in the course or for the purpose of resisting or avoiding or preventing a lawful arrest, or of effecting or assisting an escape or rescue from legal custody;

18

Ch. 11

Homicide , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part n () any murder of a police officer acting in the execution of

his duty or of a person assisting a police officer so acting;

(e) in the case of a person who was a prisoner at the time when he did or was a party to the murder, any murder of a prison officer acting in the execution of his duty or of a person assisting a prison officer so acting.

(2) If, in the case of any murder falling within the foregoing subsection, two or more persons are guilty of the murder, it shall be capital murder in the case of any of them who by his own act caused the death of, or inflicted or attempted to inflict grievous bodily harm on, the person murdered, or who himself used force on that person in the course or furtherance of an attack on him; but the murder shall not be capital murder in die case of any other of the persons guilty of it.

(3) Where it is alleged that a person accused of murder is guilty of capital murder, the offence shall be charged as capital murder in the indictment, and if a person charged with capital murder is convicted thereof, he shall be liable to the same punishment for the murder as heretofore.

(4) In this Act " capital murder " means capital murder within subsections (1) and (2) of this section.

(5) In this section—

(a) " police officer " means a constable who is a member of

a police force or a special constable appointed under any Act of Parliament, and " police force " has the same meaning as in section thirty of the Police Pensions Act, 1921 (as amended by the Police Act, 1946) or, as regards Scotland, the same meaning as in section forty of the Police (Scotland) Act, 1956;

(b) " prison " means any institution for which rules may be

made under the Prison Act, 1952, or the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952, and any establishment under the control of the Admiralty or the Secretary of State where persons may be required to serve sentences of imprisonment or detention passed under the Naval Discipline Act, the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955;

(c) " prison officer " includes any member of the staff of a

prison;

() " prisoner " means a person who is undergoing imprison-

ment or detention in a prison, whether under sentence or not, or who, while liable to imprisonment or detention in a prison, is unlawfully at large;

(e) " theft " includes any offence which involves stealing or

is done with intent to steal.

1957

Homicide , 1957

Ch. 11

19

6. —(1) A person convicted of murder shall be liable to the Part n same punishment as heretofore, if before conviction of that —cont. murder he has, whether before or after the commencement of Death penalty this Act, been convicted of another murder done on a different

occasion (both murders having been done in Great Britain). murders*

(2) Where a person is charged with the murder of two or more persons, no rule of practice shall prevent the murders being charged in the same indictment or (unless separate trials are desirable in the interests of justice) prevent them being tried together; and where a person is convicted of two murders tried together (but done on different occasions), subsection (1) of this section shall apply as if one conviction had preceded the other.

7. No person shall be liable to suffer death for murder in Abolition of

any case not falling within section five or six of this Act. death penalty

for other murders.

8. —(1) The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act Courts-shall not have effect in relation to courts-martial, but a person martial* convicted by a court-martial of murder (or of an offence corresponding thereto under section seventy of the Army Act,

1955, or of the Air Force Act, 1955) shall not be liable to suffer death, unless he is charged with and convicted of committing the offence under circumstances which, if he had committed it in England, would make him guilty of capital murder.

(2) An accused so charged before a court-martial under the Naval Discipline Act may, on failure of proof of the offence having been committed under such circumstances as aforesaid, be found guilty of the murder as not having been committed under such circumstances.

9. —(1) Where a court (including a court-martial) is precluded Punishment

by this Part of this Act from passing sentence of death, the for murders sentence shall be one of imprisonment for life. wWiPdeatl^ *

(2) Accordingly paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section and other seventy of the Army Act, 1955, and of the Air Force Act, 1955, consequential and the first paragraph of section forty-five of the Naval Provi8ion8-Discipline Act, shall each be amended by the addition, at the

end of the paragraph, of the words " or, in a case of murder not falling within section eight of the Homicide Act, 1957, imprisonment for life

(3) In section fifty-three of the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, and in section fifty-seven of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, there shall be substituted for subsection (1)—

"(1) Sentence of death shall not be pronounced on or recorded against a person convicted of an offence who appears to the court to have been under the age of eighteen years at the time the offence was committed, nor shall any

Homicide Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

20

Part II

—cont.

Form of sentence of death for murder.

Notice of execution.

Avoidance of double executions.

CH. 11

such person be sentenced to imprisonment for life under section nine of the Homicide Act, 1957; but in lieu thereof the court shall (notwithstanding anything in this or any other Act) sentence him to be detained during Her Majesty's pleasure, and if so sentenced he shall be liable to be detained in such place and under such conditions as the Secretary of State may direct."

(4) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to procedural and other matters arising out of sections five to seven of this Act, and with respect to the convictions which may be taken into account under section six.

Part III

Amendments as to form and execution of death

SENTENCE IN ENGLAND AND WALES

10. Where by virtue of section five or six of this Act a person convicted of murder is sentenced to death, the form of the sentence shall be to the effect only that he is to " suffer death in the manner authorised by law

11. —(1) Sections seven and ten of the Capital Punishment Amendment Act, 1868, shall cease to have effect, in so far as they require provision to be made for the purpose of making known without the prison walls the fact that execution of sentence of death for murder is taking place, or require any document relating to such an execution to be exhibited on or near the prison.

(2) Where sentence of death for murder is to be executed in accordance with that Act, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, as early as he conveniently can, to publish in such manner as he thinks fit the time and place fixed for the execution.

(3) Where sentence of death for murder has been executed in accordance with that Act, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, as early as he conveniently can, to publish in such manner as he thinks fit the fact that the execution has taken place, and to cause to be published in the London Gazette a copy of the coroner’s inquisition required by the Act.

12. Where two or more persons sentenced to death for murder are confined in the same prison, the Secretary of State may, with a view to avoiding the execution of more than one such sentence in that prison on the same day, direct that any of those persons shall be removed to and confined in some other prison specified in the direction; and the sentence on that person may lawfully be executed in the prison so specified, and the sheriff charged with the execution shall for that purpose have the same jurisdiction in that prison and over the officers of it, and be subject to the same responsibilities and duties in it, as though the prison were that in which the sentence would have been executed but for the direction.

1957

Homicide , 1957

Ch. 11

21

Part IV

Application to, and special provisions for,

Scotland

11—(1) Part I and, subject to subsection (2) of this section. Application

Part IH of this Act shall not extend to Scotland. of farts I

and m to

(2) Section eleven of this Act shall extend to Scotland, with the Scotland, omission of subsection (2) and with the substitution in subsection (3) of a reference to the Edinburgh Gazette for the reference to the London Gazette and of a reference to the report or deliverance of the sheriff or sheriff substitute for the reference to the coroner’s inquisition.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section does not affect courts-martial.

14. The Criminal Law (Scotland) Act, 1829 (which makes Amendment punishable by death certain crimes of violence against Her as to penalty Majesty’s subjects), shall have effect with the substitution for

any reference to a sentence of death of a reference to a sentence murder, of imprisonment for life.

15. Section two of the Criminal Law (Scotland) Act, 1830 Amendment

(which provides for the date of execution to be fixed within ■» to P*hod different periods according to whether the sentence is pronounced lc"

north or south of the Forth), shall have effect, in the case of a execution is sentence of death for murder, as if the words " if pronounced in to be fixed. Edinburgh or in any other part of Scotland to the southward

of the firth or river of Forth " and the words from " and if pronounced " to the end of the section were omitted.

Part V Commencement, etc.

16. This Act shall not have effect in relation to. any offence. Past offences, where an indictment for that offence has been signed or, in Scotland, has been served before the date of the commencement

of this Act, or, as the case may be, a court-martial for the trial of that offence has been ordered or convened before that date; but (subject to that) this Act shall have effect in relation to offences committed wholly or partly before that date as it applies in relation to offences committed after that date.

17. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Homicide Act, 1957. Short title,

repeal and

(2) The enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this extent Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column

of that Schedule.

(3) This Act, except as regards courts-martial, shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

22

Ch. 11

Homicide , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 9.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Supplementary provisions as to procedure, appeals, etc.

Part I England and Wales

1. —(1) On an indictment charging a person with capital murder, he may be found not guilty of capital murder but guilty of murder.

(2) Capital murder shall be treated as a distinct offence from murder for the purposes of any appeal against conviction; but where on an appeal against conviction of capital murder the court substitute a verdict of guilty of murder for the verdict of guilty of capital murder, the court shall nevertheless confirm the sentence of death if the sentence is warranted by section six of this Act.

(3) Subject to the foregoing sub-paragraphs, capital murder shall not be treated as a different offence from murder for any purpose.

2. —(1) Where a person is convicted of murder, he shall not by virtue of section six of this Act be sentenced to death by reason of a previous conviction of another murder done in Great Britain on a different occasion, unless—

(a) at least three days before the trial notice is given to him and to the clerk of assize that it is intended to prove the previous conviction; and

(b) before he is sentenced, his previous conviction of the other murder, and the fact that the murders were done in Great Britain on different occasions, are admitted by him or found by the verdict of a jury:

Provided that head (a) of this sub-paragraph shall not apply where he is convicted of both murders at the same assizes (or before the same court of assize held by virtue of a special commission).

(2) The said jury shall be the trial jury, that is to say the jury to whom he was given in charge to be tried for the murder for which the sentence is in question, and the members of the jury need not be re-sworn:

Provided that—

(a) if any member of the trial jury, either before or after the conviction, dies or is discharged by the court as being through illness incapable of continuing to act or for any other cause, the inquiry under this paragraph shall proceed without him; and

(b) where there is no trial jury, a jury shall be constituted as if to try whether or not he was fit to plead, and shall be sworn in such manner as the court may direct.

(3) Where a person is sentenced to death by virtue of a verdict given by a jury in proceedings under this paragraph, he shall have the like right of appeal under the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907, against the

1957

Homicide , 1957

Ch. 11

23

sentence as if the appeal were against a conviction involving sentence of death:

Provided that he shall not by virtue of this sub-paragraph have a right of appeal against a sentence passed on a conviction of capital murder, unless he appeals against that conviction.

(4) On any such appeal against sentence, the court shall have the same powers as to allowing or dismissing the appeal as on an appeal against a conviction; and where the court allow the appeal, and it appears to the court that having regard to the decision on the appeal the sentence is not warranted in law, the court shall quash the sentence and pass the appropriate sentence in substitution for it.

(5) The proviso to section thirteen of the Criminal Law Act, 1827 (which provides that a pardon of a felony shall not affect the punishment on a subsequent conviction for felony), so far as it relates to free pardons, shall not apply for the purposes of section six of this Act

3. —(1) Where a person is sentenced to death on being convicted of murder after a previous conviction of murder, and afterwards the previous conviction is set aside on appeal, he may thereupon (or at any time not later than ten days thereafter) apply to the Court of Criminal Appeal to set aside the sentence of death on the ground that it is no longer warranted in law having regard to the decision on the appeal; and the court if satisfied that the sentence is no longer warranted in law shall set it aside and pass the appropriate sentence in substitution for it

(2) Where a person is sentenced to death as aforesaid, then (unless he is so sentenced on being convicted of capital murder) the sentence shall not in any case be executed so long as the previous conviction can be set aside on appeal.

(3) No application to extend the time for giving notice of appeal or of an application for leave to appeal against a person’s conviction of murder shall be entertained if he has been sentenced to death on a later conviction of murder and the time for giving notice of appeal against the later conviction has expired.

4. —(1) Where a person is convicted of two murders tried together, he shall not by reason thereof be sentenced to death by virtue of section six of this Act, unless before he is sentenced the fact that the minders were done in Great Britain on different occasions is admitted by him or found by the verdict of a jury: and sub-paragraphs (2) to

(4) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall apply for the purposes of this paragraph as they apply for the purposes of that paragraph.

(2) Where sentence of death is passed on a person convicted of two murders tried together, it shall be treated as passed in respect of each of the convictions; but if one of the convictions is and the other is not set aside on appeal, the court deciding the appeal, unless satisfied that the sentence remains warranted in law in respect of the other conviction, shall set the sentence aside and pass the appropriate sentence in substitution for it

5. The power to make rules of court conferred by section eighteen of the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907, shall include power to make rules

1st Sea. —amt.

Ch. 11

Homicide Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. for the purpose of carrying into effect this Schedule, so far as relates to —cont. appeals and applications to the Court of Criminal Appeal.

6. This Part of this Schedule shall extend to England and Wales only, but references therein to a previous or later conviction include a conviction in Scotland.

Part n Scotland

7. —(1) Under an indictment which charges capital murder the person accused may be found not guilty of capital murder but may be convicted of murder.

(2) Capital murder shall be treated as a distinct offence from murder for the purposes of any appeal against conviction; but where on an appeal against conviction of capital murder the court substitute a verdict of guilty of murder for the verdict of guilty of capital murder, the court shall nevertheless confirm the sentence of death if the sentence is warranted by section six of this Act.

(3) Subject to the foregoing sub-paragraphs, capital murder shall not be treated as a different offence from murder for any purpose.

8. —(1) Where a person is convicted of murder, he shall not by virtue of section six of this Act be sentenced to death by reason of a previous conviction of another murder done in Great Britain on a different occasion, unless—

(a) notice has been served on him with the indictment that it is

intended to place before the Court such a previous conviction; and

(b) before he is sentenced, his previous conviction of the other murder is held or proved to apply to him and the fact that the murder was so done is held to be admitted by him or proved:

Provided that head (a) of this sub-paragraph shall not apply where he is convicted of both murders at the same sitting of the High Court of Justiciary.

(2) The provisions of section thirty-nine of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949 (which relates to previous convictions in proceedings on indictment) shall have effect for the purposes of this paragraph, with regard to a previous conviction of murder as they have effect with regard to a previous conviction constituting an aggravation of any charge contained in an indictment, subject, however, to the modifications that references to a previous conviction and to objecting to a previous conviction shall include references to the fact that the murder was so done, and to denying such fact, and that any reference to a conviction being held to apply to the accused shall include a reference to any such fact being held to be admitted by him.

(3) Where a person is sentenced to death by virtue of the previous conviction and the fact that the murders were done in Great Britain on different occasions having been proved, he shall have the like right of

1957

Homicide , 1957

Ch. 11

25

aPI*al under the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926, against the sentence as if the appeal were against a conviction involving sentence of death*.

Provided that he shall not by virtue of this sub-paragraph have a right of appeal against a sentence passed on a conviction of capital murder, unless he appeals against that conviction.

(4) On any such appeal against sentence, the court shall have the same powers as to allowing or dismissing the appeal as on an appeal against a conviction; and where the court allow the appeal, and it appears to the court that having regard to the decision on the appeal the sentence is not warranted in law, the court shall quash the sentence and pass the appropriate sentence in substitution for it.

9.—(1) Where a person is sentenced to death on being convicted of murder after a previous conviction of murder, and afterwards the previous conviction is set aside on appeal, he may thereupon (or at any time not later than ten days thereafter) apply to the High Court of Justiciary to set aside the sentence of death on the ground that it is no longer warranted in law having regard to the decision on the appeal; and the court if satisfied that the sentence is no longer warranted in law shall set it aside and pass the appropriate sentence in substitution for it.

(2) Where a person is sentenced to death as aforesaid, then (unless he is so sentenced on being convicted of capital murder) the sentence shall not in any case be executed so long as the previous conviction can be set aside on appeal.

(3) No application to extend the time for giving notice of appeal or of an application for leave to appeal against a person's conviction of murder shall be entertained if he has been sentenced to death on a later conviction of murder and the time for giving notice of appeal against the later conviction has expired.

10. —(1) Where a person is convicted of two murders tried together he shall not by reason thereof be sentenced to death by virtue of section six of this Act unless before he is sentenced the fact that the murders were done in Great Britain on different occasions is proved; and sub-paragraphs (3) and (4) of paragraph 8 of this Schedule shall apply for the purposes of this paragraph as they apply for the purposes of that paragraph.

(2) Where sentence of death is passed on a person convicted of two murders tried together, it shall be treated as passed in respect of each of the convictions; but if one of the convictions is and the other is not set aside on appeal, the court deciding the appeal, unless satisfied that the sentence remains warranted in law in respect of the other conviction, shall set the sentence aside and pass the appropriate sentence in substitution for it.

11. The power to make Acts of Adjournal conferred by section

fifteen of the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926, shall include power to make rules for the purpose of carrying into effect this Schedule, so far as relates to appeals and applications to the High Court of

Justiciary.

12. This Port of this Schedule shall extend to Scotland only, but references therein to a previous or later conviction include a conviction in England or Wales.

1st Sea

26

Ch. 11

Homicide Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 17.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Repeals

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

24 & 25 Vict, c. 100. The Offences against the Person Act, 1861. Sections two and three.

11|& 12 Geo. 6 c. 58. The Criminal Justice Act, 1948. Section sixteen.

12, 13 14 Geo. 6. c. 94. The Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949. Section seventeen.

coo

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Criminal Law Act, 1827 Criminal Law (Scotland) Act, 1829 Criminal Law (Scotland) Act, 1830 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 28. 10 Geo. 4. c. 38. 11 Geo. 4. A 1 Will. 4. c. 37. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 109. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 24. 7 Edw. 7. c. 23. 11 A 12 Geo. 5. c. 31. 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 15. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 12. 1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 37. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 46. 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 94. 15 A 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 52. 15 A 16 Geo. 6.&lEliz. 2.

Naval Discipline Act Capital Punishment Amendment Act, 1868 ... Criminal Appeal Act, 1907 Police Pensions Act, 1921 Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926 Children and Young Persons Act, 1933 Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937. Police Act, 1946 Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949 Prison Act, 1952 Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952

c. 61.

Army Act, 1955 3 A4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

Air Force Act, 1955 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

Police (Scotland) Act, 1956 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

1957

Public Trustee (Fees) , 1957

Ch. 12

27

CHAPTER 12

An Act to make further provision as to the fees chargeable by the Public Trustee, and for purposes connected therewith.

[21st March, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The power of the Treasury under subsection (1) of fixing section nine of the Public Trustee Act, 1906 (in this Act referred fees, to as " the principal Act "), with the sanction of the Lord 6 Edw. 7. c. 55. Chancellor, to fix die fees chargeable in respect of the duties of the public trustee shall be exercisable by order made by statutory instrument (in this Act referred to as a "fees order"); and, subject to the provisions of this Act, any fees order made after the passing of this Act may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions as may appear to the Treasury to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order.

(2) Every fees order made after the passing of this Act shall indicate, with respect to every fee fixed by the order, whether it is to be payable out of capital or out of income.

(3) Where a fees order made after the passing of this Act provides that a fee is to be payable out of capital, and it appears to the public trustee, in the case of a particular trust fund in respect of which the fee is payable, that there are special reasons which render it expedient that the fee should be paid out of income, the public trustee may direct that the fee shall in that case be payable out of income:

Provided that, if a person of full age is for the time being beneficially entitled in possession to the income of the trust fund (being so entitled directly under the trust in relation to which the fee is payable, and not by virtue of a derivative settlement), the public trustee shall not give a direction under this subsection in respect of that trust fund except with the consent in writing of that person.

(4) The power conferred by the last preceding subsection shall apply to any trust, whether accepted by the public trustee after or before the passing of this Act.

(5) As from the date on which the first fees order made after the passing of this Act comes into operation (in this Act referred to as" the commencement date "), subsection (5) of section nine of the principal Act (which relates to the incidence of the fees and expenses of the public trustee as between capital and income) shall cense to apply to fees; and accordingly in that subsection,

28

Ch. 12

Public Trustee (Fees) Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Transitional

and

supplementary

provisions.

Interpretation.

in relation to any time on or after the commencement date, for the words " the fees and expenses " there shall be substituted the words " any expenses retained or paid

2. -—(1) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as affecting the validity of any order or other instrument made for the purposes of subsection (1) of section nine of the principal Act before the passing of this Act.

(2) Where, in the case of a trust fund,—

(a) a judgment or order of the court has been given or made before the commencement date, whether before or after the passing of this Act, whereby provision is made as to the incidence, as between the capital and income of the fund, of any fee chargeable by the public trustee, or

(b) any fee chargeable by the public trustee in respect of the fund or the income thereof has been commuted before the commencement date, whether before or after the passing of this Act, or

(c) by reason of any other special circumstances existing before the commencement date it appears to the public trustee to be expedient to exclude or suspend the operation of any new fees order in relation to that fund or the income thereof, the public trustee shall direct that, notwithstanding the coming into operation of any fees order made after the passing of this Act, the fees in force under subsection (1) of section nine of the principal Act immediately before the commencement date shall continue after that date to apply to that trust fund and the income thereof, and that the provisions of any such fees order shall not apply in relation thereto.

(3) A direction under the last preceding subsection may be given either before or after the commencement date; and, where such a direction is given after the commencement date, it may be made so as to have effect as from that date.

(4) Any direction given by the public trustee under this Act may be given so as to be in force either for a period specified in the direction or indefinitely until the direction is revoked by him.{

3. —(1) In this Act " trust fund " includes any part of a trust fund, and also includes an estate administered by the public trustee and any part of such an estate; and " trust " includes an executorship or administratorship, and also includes the administration of an estate in pursuance of section three of the principal Act (which relates to the administration of small estates by the public trustee), and any reference to the acceptance of a trust shall be construed accordingly.

1957

Public Trustee (Fees) , 1957

Ch. 12, 13

29

(2) Subject to the preceding subsection, expressions used in this Act and in the principal Act have the same meaning in this Act as in that Act.

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Public Trustee (Fees) short title. Act, 1957; and the Public Trustee Act, 1906, and this Act may citation and be cited together as the Public Trustee Acts, 1906 and 1957. extent.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 13

An Act to provide for extending time limits for certain purposes relating to applications for patents; to validate extensions of time under section six of the Patents,

Designs, Copyright and Trade Marks (Emergency)

Act, 1939, in connection with such applications in so far as any such extensions may have been invalid; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[21st March, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Section twelve of the Patents Act, 1949 (whereby an Time limits application for a patent is required to be put in order for accept- under as. 12 ance within twelve months from the date of filing of the complete 13 specification, subject to a right for the applicant, on payment of Act a fee, to have the period extended for a further three months), 12,1*3 & 14 shall have effect subject to the following amendments, that is Geo. 6. c. 87. to say,—

(a) in subsection (1) of the section, for the words " twelve months from the date of filing of the complete specification " there shall be substituted the words " such period, beginning with the date of filing of the complete specification, as may be prescribed ";

(b) after subsection (1) of the section there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (1A) The period prescribed for the purposes of the foregoing subsection shall not be shorter than twelve months or longer than four years ";

30

Ch. 13

Patents Act, 1957

5 & 6 E Liz. 2

Provisions as to pending applications.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 107.

(c) in subsection (2) of the section, for the words " not exceeding fifteen months from the date of filing of the complete specification'’ there shall be substituted the words "ending not later than three months after the date on which the period allowed under that subsection (apart from any extension thereof) would otherwise have expired".

(2) In section ninety-five of the Patents Act, 1949 (which relates to rules made for the purposes of that Act), the following subsection shall be inserted after subsection (1):—

" (1A) Where the Board of Trade have made rules prescribing a period for the purposes of subsection (1) of section twelve of this Act, and subsequently make rules prescribing a different period for those purposes, the subsequent rules may provide that the different period so prescribed shall apply only to applications made on or after a date specified in those rules and that the period previously prescribed shall continue to apply to applications made before that date."

2.—(1) In this section—

" the original period ", in relation to an application for a patent, means the period allowed under subsection (1) of section twelve of the Patents Act, 1949, apart from any extension thereof, and apart from the preceding section;

"the revised period", in relation to such an application, means the period allowed under subsection (1) of the said section twelve, as amended by the preceding section, but apart from any extension of that period;

" the first year of this Act " means the period of twelve months beginning with the date of the commencement of this Act;

" prescribed " means prescribed by rules made by the Board of Trade under this section.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the amendments made by the preceding section shall apply in relation to applications for patents made before the commencement of this Act, including such applications in the case of which extensions of time have been granted under section six of the Patents, Designs, Copyright and Trade Marks (Emergency) Act, 1939 (which empowered the comptroller to extend time limits having regard to war circumstances), as they apply in relation to applications made after the commencement of this Act:

1957

Patents A, 1957

Ch. 13

31

Provided that nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as reducing the duration of any extension of time granted under section six of the said Act of 1939.

(3) Where before the commencement of this Act the original period has, in the case of an application, been extended, by virtue of section six of the said Act of 1939, so as to expire on a date (in this subsection referred to as " the present date of expiry ")—

(a) after the commencement of this Act, and

(b) not less than three months after the end of the revised

period, but

(c) not later than the end of the first year of this Act,

the revised period shall, in the case of that application, be extended so as to expire on such date (not being more than three months after the present date of expiry nor later than the end of the first year of this Act) as may be specified in a notice given by the applicant to the comptroller, if that notice is given and the prescribed fee paid before the date specified in the notice.

(4) Where the revised period, in the case of an application made before the commencement of this Act,—

(a) is after the commencement of this Act extended under subsection (2) of section twelve of the Patents Act, 1949 (as amended by the preceding section), or under the last preceding subsection, but

(jb)as so extended, would (if not further extended) expire before the end of the first year of this Act,

the comptroller may, if he thinks fit, further extend that period until such date, not being later than the end of the first year of this Act, as he may consider reasonable in the circumstances:

Provided that the revised period shall not be extended by virtue of this subsection to a date more than three months after the date on which apart from this subsection that period would have expired.

(5) Subsection (3) of section twelve of the Patents Act, 1949 (whkh provides for an extension of time where an appeal is pending or the time for appealing has not expired), shall apply in relation to the revised period as extended by virtue of the preceding provisions of this section as it applies in relation to the period referred to in that subsection.

(6) The Board of Trade may make rules prescribing anything authorised or required to be prescribed by rules under this section; and subsections (1), (3) and (4) of section ninety-five of

32

Ch. 13

Patents Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

the Patents Act, 1949, shall apply in relation to rules made under this section as they apply in relation to rules under that Act.

(7) Section ninety-six of the Patents Act, 1949 (which relates to the performance of functions thereunder by the Board of Trade), and section ninety-seven of that Act (which relates to notices), shall apply for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of that Act.

Extension of 3. Every extension of the time limited by or under the Patents time under s. 6 Act, 1949, or the enactments repealed by that Act, for the doing of Patents, of anything in connection with an application for a patent, being

Designs, an extension which the comptroller has before the commencement

SwTxf1 ?" of this Act granted, or purported to grant, by virtue of section six

SSwSLctct) of the said Act of 1939, shall be deemed to have been validly

Act, 1939. granted by virtue of that section, if apart from this section it was

not validly granted by virtue of that section.

Interpretation. 4.—(1) In this Act " the comptroller " means the Comptroller-

General of Patents, Designs and Trade Marks.

(2) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any other enactment.

Short title, 5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Patents Act, 1957; and

citation, extent the Patents Act, 1949, and this Act may be cited together as the and com- Patents Acts, 1949 and 1957.

mencement.

(2) This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man.

(3) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act shall come into operation at the end of the period of one month beginning with the day on which it is passed.

1957

Northern Ireland (Compensation for Compulsory Purchase) , 1957.

CHAPTER 14

Ch. 14

33

An Act to enable the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make, in relation to land in Northern Ireland, provision for purposes similar to those of section fifty-three of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

[21st March, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Notwithstanding anything contained in the War Power to Damage Act, 1943, and, in particular, notwithstanding anything legate as to in section fourteen of that Act (which relates to certain cases where war-damaged land is compulsorily acquired) as to the of war-compensation payable where that section applies, no limitation damaged or restriction imposed by virtue of any enactment on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall extend so as to * Gc0‘ 6‘ prevent that Parliament from making provision, in relation toc‘ acquisitions to which this Act applies, for purposes similar to those of section fifty-three of the Town and Country Planning 10 & 11 Geo. 6. Act, 1947 (which makes further provision as to compensation c. 51. and value payments in the case of acquisitions of war-damaged land in England and Wales).

(2) This Act applies to any acquisition (whether before or after the passing of this Act) of land in Northern Ireland by—

(a) any department of the Government of Northern Ireland, or

(b) any person or body of persons authorised by virtue of any enactment to acquire that land compulsorily, and not being a department of that Government or a Minister of the Crown or department of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

(3) In the last preceding subsection " land " has the meaning assigned to it by section forty-five of the Interpretation Act (Northern Ireland), 1954, and " enactment " means any enactment contained in an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom or of the Parliament of Northern Ireland (including any enactment contained in a local or private Act of either of those Parliaments) or any order, scheme or other instrument made under any Act of either of those Parliaments.

2. This Act may be cited as the Northern Ireland (Compensa- Short title. tion for Compulsory Purchase) Act, 1957.

B

34

Ch. 15

Nurses Ac, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 15

Nurses Ac 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS The General Nursing Council for England and Wales

Section

1. The General Nursing Council for England and Wales.

The Register of Nurses, the Roll of Assistant Nurses and the List of Persons neither registered nor enrolled

2. The register of nurses and the roll of assistant nurses.

3. General provisions as to admission to the register and roll.

4. Registration of nurses trained abroad.

5. The list of persons neither registered nor enrolled.

6. Registration of persons who are, or might have been, included in the

list.

7. Removal from, and restoration to, the register, roll and list.

8. Closing of parts of the register.

9. Information with respect to nurses.

10. Certificates, uniforms and badges.

Training of Nurses

11. Area nurse-training committees.

12. Experimental training of nurses.

13. Expenditure on nurse-training by Hospital Management Committees,

See.

14. Contributions towards expenses of other persons in respect of nurse-

training.

15. Expenses of area nurse-training committees.

16. Settlement of disputes as respects discharge of area nurse-training

committees' functions.

Nurse Tutors

17. Power of Council to prescribe qualifications of teachers of nurses.

Discharge of certain of Council's Functions through Committees

18. The Mental Nurses Committees.

19. The Assistant Nurses Committee.

20. The finance committee.

Miscellaneous Provisions relating to the Council and their Functions

21. Exercise of Council’s powers with respect to approval of training

institutions.

22. Fees and contributions in respect of training institutions.

23. Power of Counci 1 to charge for certificates issued and services performed.

24. Accounts of the Council.

25. Annual report of the Council.

26. Expenses of the Council.

Offences and Penalties

27. Penalties for false assumption of title of registered or enrolled nurse, &c,

28. Restriction on use of title of nurse and assistant nurse.

29. Falsification of register, roll or list.

1957

Nurses Act, 1957

Ch. 15

Supplementary

Section

30. General rules.

3\. Power of Minister to make consequential amendments of First and Third Schedules.

31 Provisions as to rules, orders and regulations.

33. Interpretation.

34. Repeal and savings.

35. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—The General Nursing Council for England and Wales.

Second Schedule—Area Nurse-Training Committees.

Third Schedule—The Mental Nurses Committee.

Fourth Schedule—The Assistant Nurses Committee.

Fifth Schedule—Enactments Repealed.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to nurses and assistant nurses for the sick.

[21st March, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

The General Nursing Council for England and Wales

1.—(1) The body established by section one of the Nurses The General Registration Act, 1919, by the name of the General Nursing cSSSlfor Council for England and Wales shall continue in existence by England r that name and shall have such powers and duties as are con- and Wales, ferred and imposed on them by the following provisions of this Act

(2) The constitution of the Council shall be that provided by the provisions in that behalf of the First Schedule to this Act and the supplementary provisions contained in that Schedule shall have effect with respect to the Council.

The Register of Nurses, the Roll of Assistant Nurses and the List of Persons neither registered nor enrolled

2.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Council— The register

(a) to maintain, in accordance with rules in that behalf the roll of made by them, the register of nurses established in assistant pursuance of the Nurses Registration Act, 1919, which nurses, shall consist of—

(i) a general part containing the names of all nurses who satisfy the conditions of admission thereto;

36

Ch. 15

Nurses Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(ii) a part containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases;

(iii) a part containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing of sick children; and

(iv) such other parts as may be prescribed;

(b) to maintain, in accordance with rules in that behalf made by them, the roll of assistant nurses established in pursuance of Part I of the Nurses Act, 1943.

(2) Where a person satisfies the conditions of admission to a part of the register other than the general part, his name may be included in that other part notwithstanding that it is also included in the general part.

(3) A certificate under the seal of the Council duly authenticated stating that a person is, or was at any date, or is not, or was not at any date, duly registered or enrolled shall be evidence in all courts of law of the fact stated in the certificate.

General provisions as to admission to the register and roll.

3.—(1) The Council shall make rules for regulating the conditions of admission to the register and to the roll respectively and the conduct of any examinations which may be prescribed as a condition of admission thereto and any matters ancillary to or connected with any such examinations, and any such rules shall contain provisions—

ia) requiring, as a condition of the admission of any person to the register or the roll, that that person shall have undergone the prescribed training, and shall possess the prescribed experience, in nursing; and

(b) requiring that the prescribed training shall be carried out either in an institution approved by the Council in that behalf or in the service of the Admiralty, the Army Council or the Air Council.

(2) The Council—

(a) shall make rules under this section enabling persons registered as nurses in Scotland or Northern Ireland or enrolled as assistant nurses there to obtain admission to the register or, as the case may be, the roll; and

(b) shall, with a view to securing a uniform standard of qualification in all parts of the United Kingdom, consult with the General Nursing Council for Scotland and the Joint Nursing and Mid wives Council for Northern Ireland before making rules under this section with respect to the conditions of admission to the register or the roll.

1957

Nurses Ac, 1957

Ch. 15

37

(3) There shall be paid to the Council in respect of every application to be examined or to be registered or enrolled under tins Act such fees respectively as the Council may, with the approval of the Minister, from time to time determine.

A—U) A person who proves to the satisfaction of the Council Registration that, in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom, of !" he successfully completed his training either generally as a abroad, nurse or as a nurse of some special class in accordance with a scheme of training recognised by the Council as being satisfactory for the purposes of this subsection, that he underwent his training in an institution so recognised and that he is of good character shall, on making an application in the prescribed manner and on payment of such fee, if any, as may be prescribed, be entitled to be registered in the part of the register appearing to the Council to be appropriate to his case.

(2) If, in the case of a person who proves to the satisfaction of the Council that he successfully completed his training either generally as a nurse or as a nurse of some special class in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom but who is unable to prove that his training was in accordance with a scheme of training recognised by the Council as being satisfactory for the purposes of the foregoing subsection and that he underwent his training in an institution so recognised, the Council are of opinion that he could properly be registered after undergoing to their satisfaction such further training in the United Kingdom as may be specified by them and passing such examinations, if any, as may be so specified, they may, if they are satisfied that he is of good character, register him if, after undergoing the specified training in the United Kingdom to their satisfaction and passing any specified examinations, he makes, in the prescribed manner, an application in that behalf and pays such fee, if any, as may be prescribed.

5.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Council to maintain, as an The list of appendix to the register, the list established in pursuance ofpc5?Jls section eighteen of the Nurses Act, 1943, of persons neither {J?ds!Sed nor registered nor enrolled, who within two years from the passing enrolled, of that Act applied for admission to the list, being persons who held certificates issued by institutions which appeared to the Council to be satisfactory for the purposes of subsection (2) of that section stating that they completed before the beginning of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, a course of training in nursing in the institution and who satisfied the Council that they were of good character and had adequate knowledge and experience of nursing.

(2) The list shall consist of the like parts as those of which the register consists.

38

Ch. 15

Nurses Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(3) A person who is included in any part of the list established in pursuance of section eighteen of the Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland entitled the Nurses Act (Northern Ireland), 1946, shall be entitled to be admitted to the corresponding part of the list referred to in subsection (1) of this section on production of similar evidence and on payment of the same fees as are required in the case of a nurse registered in Northern Ireland who seeks admission to the register and, on admission, shall be granted a certificate of admission by the Council.

(4) A certificate under the seal of the Council duly authenticated stating that a person is, or was at any date, or is not, or was not at any date, included in the list shall be evidence in all courts of law of the fact stated in the certificate.

Registration of persons who are, or might have been, included in the list.

6.—(1) The Council shall make rules providing for the admission to the register, on payment of such fees (if any) as may be prescribed, of—

(a) persons whose names are included in the list; and ib) persons, other than as aforesaid, who hold certificates issued by institutions which appear to the Council to be satisfactory for the purposes of this provision stating that they completed before the beginning of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, a course of training in nursing in the institution and who satisfy the council that they are of good character and have adequate knowledge and experience of nursing.

(2) A person whose name is included in the list shall, on being admitted to the register, cease to be included in the list, and it shall be the duty of the Council to make the requisite alterations therein.

Removal from, and restoration to, the register, roll and list.

7.—(1) The Council shall make rules prescribing—

(a) the causes for which, the conditions under which and the

manner in which persons may be removed from the register and the roll respectively; and

(b) the procedure for, and the fee to be payable on, the

restoration to the register and the roll respectively of persons who have been removed therefrom.

(2) The circumstances in which a name may be removed from the list and the procedure for the removal shall (subject to the making of any necessary modifications in the form of any document) be the same respectively as the circumstances in which a name may be removed from the register and the procedure for such a removal, and the procedure, and the payment and amount of any fee, for the restoration of a name to the list shall (subject as aforesaid) be the same respectively as in the case of the restoration of a person to the register.

1957

Nurses Act, 1957

Ch. 15

(3) The Council may make rules providing for the payment, upon the restoration of persons to the register, the roll or the list (other than those who were registered or enrolled on the relevant date or whose names were included in the list on that date) of such fees in respect of the retention without limit of time of their names on the register, the roll or the list as may be prescribed.

Rules made under this subsection may prescribe different fees in relation to the register, the roll and the list, and rules so made in relation to the register, the roll or the list may prescribe different fees in relation to different circumstances.

(4) A person aggrieved by the removal of his name from the register, the roll or the list may, within three months after the date on which notice is given to him by the appropriate authority that his name has been so removed, appeal against the removal to the High Court, and on any such appeal the High Court may give such directions in the matter as it thinks proper, including directions as to the costs of the appeal, and the order of the High Court shall be final.

(5) In this section—

(a) the expression " the relevant date ", in relation to the

register and the list, means the twenty-fourth day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty, and, in relation to the roll, means the first day of May in that year; and

(b) the expression " the appropriate authority ", in relation

to the register and the list, means the Council and, in relation to the roll, means the Assistant Nurses Committee referred to in the following provisions of this Act

(6) Nothing in subsection (3) of this section shall affect the power of the Council to remove a person from the register, the roll or the list.

8.—(1) If, with respect to any part of the register (other than dosing of the general part) the Council at any time make a request in parts of the that behalf to the Minister, he may by order direct that, after register* such date as may be specified in the order, no person shall be admitted to that part of the register.

(2) No request under the foregoing subsection shall be made by the Council with respect to the part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases unless the Council are satisfied that means exist whereby members of the public can readily ascertain whether a registered nurse has been so trained, and no such request shall be so made with respect to the part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing

40

Ch. 15

Nurses Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Information with respect to nurses.

Certificates, uniforms and badges.

Area nurse-

training

committees.

of sick children unless the Council are satisfied that means exist whereby members of the public can readily ascertain whether a registered nurse has been so trained.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the power of the Council to remove a person from, or restore a person to, the register.

9. —(1) Copies of the register, the roll and the list shall be kept at the office of the Council and shall be open to the inspection of any person without charge during usual business hours.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Council to publish in relation to successive periods, in such manner as the Minister may direct and at intervals of not more than twelve months, lists of persons who have been admitted to, removed from or restored to the register, the roll or the list during those periods.

10. The Council shall make rules providing for the issue of certificates to persons registered or enrolled and with respect to the uniform or badge which may be worn by persons registered and persons enrolled respectively.

Training of Nurses

11.—(1) The Minister shall by order constitute, in accordance with the Second Schedule to this Act, a committee (in this Act referred to as an "area nurse-training committee") for each hospital area; and before making an order under this subsection with respect to any such area the Minister shall consult with the Council.

(2) It shall be the duty of the area nurse-training committee for a hospital area—

(a) to have constant regard, as respects persons engaged in

the area in the training of nurses, to the methods employed by those persons of training nurses;

(b) to promote, with a view to seeming the improvement of

methods employed in the area of training nurses, research and investigation into matters relating to the training of nurses, and to render to the Council reports of the results of research and investigation promoted by the committee;

(c) to advise and assist—

(i) Hospital Management Committees appointed by the Regional Hospital Board for the area;

(ii) Boards of Governors of teaching hospitals situated in the area; and

1957

Nurses Ac, 1957

Ch. 15

41

(iii) any other authority or person engaged in the area in the training of nurses who makes a request in that behalf to the committee;

in the preparation and carrying out of schemes for the training of nurses in accordance with any requirements of the Council for the time being in force with respect to the training to be undergone by persons as a condition of their admission to the register or the roll; and

() to advise and, if requested by the Council so to do, to assist the Council in matters relating to the approval by the Council, for the purposes of the training rules, of institutions situated in the area.

(3) An area nurse-training committee may, if authorised by the Council so to do, conduct on their behalf any examination prescribed by rules made by the Council under section three of this Act or specified in a scheme adopted under the next following section.

(4) The supplementary provisions contained in the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to area nurse training committees.

12.—(1) If the Council are of opinion that it would be Experimental advantageous that a trial should be made of a scheme of training training of and examinations to be undergone and passed by persons as a condition of their admission to the register or, as the case may be, the roll, being training and examinations differing from, but appearing to the Council to be no less efficient than, die training and examinations for the time being required by rules made by the Council to be so undergone and passed, they may, with the approval of the Minister, by resolution adopt the scheme for such period as may be specified in the resolution and in relation to such institutions situated in such hospital area as may be so specified, being institutions appearing to the Council to be suitable for the purpose of carrying out the scheme therein.

(2) A scheme of training and examinations adopted by a resolution of the Council under this section shall provide that, during the period for which it is so adopted, persons who undergo to the satisfaction of the Council, in an institution specified in the resolution adopting the scheme, the training specified in the scheme and who pass the examinations so specified shall, notwithstanding anything in any rules made by the Council, be entitled on making an application in that behalf to be admitted to the register or, as the case may be, the roll, and may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions (including provisions for charging fees in respect of the undergoing of examinations specified in the scheme) as appear to the Council to be requisite or expedient for the purposes of the scheme.

B*

42

Ch. 15

Nurses Ac, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Expenditure on nursetraining by Hospital Management Committees, &c.

Contributions towards expenses of other persons in respect of nursetraining.

Expenses of area nursetraining committees.

Settlement of disputes as respects discharge of area nursetraining committees* functions.

Power of Council to prescribe qualifications of teachers of nurses.

(3) The period for which a scheme of training and examinations is adopted under this section may from time to time be extended by resolution of the Council for such period as may be specified in the resolution.

13. —(1) Expenditure by a Hospital Management Committee appointed by the Regional Hospital Board for a hospital area and expenditure by the Board of Governors of a teaching hospital situated in a hospital area, being in each case expenditure—

(a) wholly or mainly for the purposes of, or in connection

with, the training of nurses; and

(b) of such description as the Minister may specify for the purposes of this subsection;

shall, so far as it is incurred in accordance with estimates approved by the area nurse-training committee for the area, instead of being defrayed in accordance with section fifty-four of the National Health Service Act, 1946, be defrayed by that committee.

(2) Any question arising under the foregoing subsection whether expenditure is such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) thereof shall be determined by the Minister.

14. The area nurse-training committee for a hospital area may make to any authority or person engaged in the area in training nurses (not being a Hospital Management Committee or the Board of Governors of a teaching hospital) contributions towards the expenses incurred by that authority or person in, or in connection with, the training of nurses.

15. All expenses incurred by an area nurse-training committee with the approval of the Council shall be defrayed by the Council.

16. Any question arising between the area nurse-training committee for a hospital area and a Hospital Management Committee appointed by the Regional Hospital Board for the area or between the area nurse-training committee for a hospital area and the Board of Governors of a teaching hospital situated in die area, being a question relating to the discharge by the area nurse-training committee of their functions under this Act, shall, in default of agreement, be determined by the Council.

Nurse Tutors

17. The Council may make rules providing for the giving of certificates by or under the authority of the Council to persons who have undergone the prescribed training (being training carried out in an institution approved by the Council in that behalf) and, if the rules so provide, passed the prescribed examinations in the teaching of nursing.

1957

Nurses Ac, 1957

Ch. 15

43

Discharge of certain of Councils Functions through Committees

18-—(1) The Committee of the Council established by section nine of the Nurses Act, 1949, by the name of the Mental Nurses Committee shall continue in existence by that name.

12) The constitution of the Mental Nurses Committee shall be that provided by the provisions in that behalf of the Third Schedule to this Act and the supplementary provisions contained in that Schedule shall have effect with respect to that Committee.

(3) The following matters, namely,—

(a) any matter which wholly or mainly concerns registered

mental nurses (other than a question whether a person shall be registered or shall be removed from or restored to the register or a matter arising out of any such question); and

(b) any matter relating to the training of persons for admis-

sion to the part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases;

shall stand referred to the Mental Nurses Committee, and any such question as aforesaid or matter arising thereout, and any other matter, may be referred by the Council to that Committee; and the Committee shall consider the matter and report upon it to the Council, and the Council, before taking any action on the matter, shall, unless in the opinion of the Council the matter is urgent, receive and consider the report of the Committee:

Provided that any matter which stands referred to the Mental Nurses Committee or is referred to them by the Council shall be finally dealt with by the Committee on behalf of the Council if, and in so far as, the Council expressly authorise the Committee to deal finally with it, and the Committee shall make a report to the Council as to the way they have dealt with it.

19.—(1) The Committee of the Council established by section three of the Nurses Act, 1943, by the name of the Assistant Nurses Committee shall continue in existence by that name.

(2) The constitution of the Assistant Nurses Committee shall be that provided by the provisions in that behalf of the Fourth Schedule to this Act and the supplementary provisions contained in that Schedule shall have effect with respect to that Committee.

(3) Any matter which wholly or mainly concerns assistant

nurses shall stand referred to the Assistant Nurses Committee

and any other matter may be referred by the Council to that

Committee; and the Committee shall consider the matter and report upon it to the Council, and the Council, before taking any action on the matter, shall, unless in the opinion of the

B* 2

The Mental

Nurses

Committee.

The Assistant

Nurses

Committee.

44

Ch. 15

Nurses Ac, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

The finance committee.

Exercise of Councifs powers with respect to approval of training institutions.

Council the matter is urgent, receive and consider the report of the Committee:

Provided that the following matters, that is to say:—

(a) any question whether a person shall be removed from,

or restored to, the roll, and any matter arising out of any such question; and

(b) any other matter referred to the Assistant Nurses Com-

mittee in so far as the Council expressly authorise that Committee to deal with it;

shall be finally dealt with by the Assistant Nurses Committee on behalf of the Council, and the Committee shall make a report to the Council as to the way they have dealt with it.

20.—(1) The Council shall appoint a finance committee consisting of such number of persons, being members of the Council, as may be prescribed and such persons other than members of the Council (not exceeding two in number) as may be nominated by the Minister, after consultation with the Council, for appointment to the committee.

(2) The term of office of the members of the finance committee shall be such as may be prescribed.

(3) Any matter relating to the discharge by the Council of their functions with respect to the defraying of expenses incurred by area nurse-training committees shall stand referred to the finance committee and any other matter may be referred by the Council to that committee; and die committee shall consider the matter and report upon it to the Council, and the Council, before taking any action on the matter, shall, unless in the opinion of the Council the matter is urgent, receive and consider the report of the committee.

(4) The Council may make rules for authorising the delegation to the finance committee of any powers of the Council and for regulating the proceedings (including quorum) of that committee.

Miscellaneous Provisions relating to the Council and their

Functions

21.—(1) If the Council are of opinion that they would be justified in refusing to approve an institution for the purposes of the training rules or in withdrawing approval given by them for those purposes to an institution, they shall give to the persons responsible for the management of the institution a written notice of that fact, stating the grounds on which they have formed their opinion, and shall not proceed to a final determination of the question whether or not to refuse to approve the institution or to withdraw their approval thereof, as the case may be.

1957

Nurses Ac, 1957

Ch. 15

until they have afforded to those persons an opportunity to make representations in writing to the Council and, if so required by those persons, to be heard by the Council.

12) A person aggrieved by the refusal of the Council to approve an institution for the purposes of the training rules or by the withdrawal of approval given by them for those purposes to an institution may, by notice in writing served on the Permanent Secretary to the Lord Chancellor before the expiration of the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the day on which notification of the determination of the Council to refuse or withdraw their approval, as the case may be, is received by the persons responsible for the management of the institution, appeal against the refusal or withdrawal, and, upon receipt of the notice, the Lord Chancellor shall nominate two persons, or more, to determine the matter of the appeal and die persons nominated shall, after considering the matter, give such directions therein to the Council as they think proper and the Council shall comply with them.

It shall be the duty of a person who serves a notice under this subsection on the Permanent Secretary to the Lord Chancellor to serve at the same time a copy thereof on the Council.

(3) The Lord Chancellor may pay to any person nominated by him under the last foregoing subsection such fees and allowances as the Lord Chancellor may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine; and any expenses incurred by the Lord Chancellor under this subsection shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

22. —(1) The Council may charge the persons responsible for Fees and. die management of institutions approved by the Council for fn rcsTOct o? the purposes of the training rules and the persons responsible training

for the management of institutions the approval whereof by the institutions. Council for those purposes is sought by them, not being, in either case, institutions vested in the Minister, such fees respectively, by way of contribution towards the expenses of the Council in inspecting and approving institutions for those purposes, as may be prescribed.

(2) The Minister may make to the Council, out of moneys provided by Parliament, contributions of such amounts as he may determine towards the expenses of the Council in inspecting and approving for the purposes of the training rules institutions vested in him.

23. The Council may charge for any certificate or other docu-

meat issued, or in respect of any services performed, by them, chargcfor

such fees as may be prescribed, so, however, that in the case certificates of a certificate of admission to the list issued in any circum- issued and stances (other than a certificate issued to a person on his admission thereto by virtue of subsection (3) of section five

46

Ch. 15

Nurses Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Accounts of the Council.

Annual report of the Council.

Expenses of the Council.

Penalties for false assumption of title of registered or enrolled nurse.

of this Act) there shall not be charged by the Council any fee other than one of the amount for the time being prescribed for a certificate of admission to the register issued in the like circumstances.

24. The accounts of the Council shall be audited in such manner, and by such person, as the Minister may from time to time direct, and copies of the accounts, and of any report made thereon, shall be transmitted by the Council to such persons as the Minister may direct.

25. The Council shall annually, at such date as the Minister may direct, make to the Minister a report as to the discharge by them during the preceding year of their functions with respect to the training of nurses, and the Minister shall lay every such report before Parliament.

26. All expenses incurred by the Council with the approval of the Minister which are attributable to defraying expenditure incurred by area nurse-training committees (other than expenditure incurred by such committees in conducting examinations on behalf of the Council) shall be defrayed by the Minister out of moneys provided by Parliament, and all other expenses incurred by die Council under this Act shall be defrayed by the Council.

Offences and Penalties

27.—(1) A person who—

(a) not being a duly registered nurse takes or uses the name

or tide of registered nurse, either alone or in combination with any other words or letters, or any name, tide, addition, description, uniform or badge, implying that he is registered or is recognised by law as registered; or

(b) being a person whose name is included in any part of

the register, takes or uses any name, tide, addition, description, uniform or badge, or otherwise does any act of any kind, implying that his name is included in some other part of the register; or

(c) at any time, with intent to deceive, makes use of any

certificate of registration issued to him or to any other person;

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of a first offence, ten pounds, and, in the case of a second or any subsequent offence, fifty pounds.

(2) A person who—

(a) not being a person duly enrolled, takes or uses any name title, addition, description, uniform or badge implying that he is enrolled or is recognised by law as enrolled; or

1957

Nurses Ac, 1957

Ch. 15

47

(b) at any time, with intent to deceive, makes use of any certificate of enrolment issued to him or to any other person;

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of a first offence, ten pounds, and, in the case of a second or any subsequent offence, fifty pounds.

(3) A person who, not being a person whose name is included in the list, takes or uses any name, title, addition or description implying that his name is so included, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of a first offence, ten pounds, and, in the case of a second or any subsequent offence, fifty pounds.

(4) A person who—

(a) being a person whose name is included in any part of the list, says or does anything implying that his name is included in some other part thereof; or

(b) at any time, with intent to deceive, makes use of any certificate issued to him or to any other person as a person included in the list; shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of a first offence, ten pounds, and, in the case of a second or any subsequent offence, fifty pounds.

(5) A person who, knowing that some other person is not registered or enrolled, makes any statement or does any act calculated to suggest that that other person is registered or enrolled, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of a first offence, ten pounds, and, in the case of a second or any subsequent offence, fifty pounds.

28.—(1) A person who, not being a duly registered nurse or a duly enrolled assistant nurse, takes or uses the name or title of nurse, either alone or in combination with any other words or letters, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of a first offence, ten pounds, and, in the case of a second or any subsequent offence, fifty pounds:

Provided that (without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing section)—

(a) nothing in this subsection shall prevent a children's

nurse from taking or using the name or title of nurse, unless the circumstances in which, or the words or letters in combination with which, the name or title is taken or used are such as to suggest that he is something other than a children's nurse;

(b) the Minister may by regulations authorise the use, either

generally or by specified classes of persons or in specified circumstances, of specified names or titles containing the word nurse or of the word nurse otherwise qualified in accordance with the regulations;

Restriction on use of title of nurse and assistant nurse.

48

Ch. 15

Nurses Ac, 1957

5 & 6 Buz. 2

Falsification of register, roll or list.

General

rules.

Power of Minister to make

consequential amendments of First and Third Schedules.

Provisions as to rules, orders and regulations.

(c) a person shall not be guilty of an offence under this

subsection by reason only that, without objection by him, other persons use the word nurse in addressing or referring to him;

() proceedings for an offence under this subsection shall

not be instituted except with the consent of the Minister.

(2) In this section the expression " children’s nurse " means a person whose avocation is that of caring for children.

29. A person who wilfully makes, or causes to be made, a falsification in a matter relating to the register, the roll or the list, shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and, on conviction thereof, liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

Supplementary

30. The Council may make rules for prescribing anything which by this Act is required or authorised to be prescribed and generally for making provision with respect to any matters with respect to which the Council think that provision should be made for the purpose of carrying this Act into effect.

31. Where a direction is given under section eight of this Act with respect to the part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases, the Minister, after consulting the Council, may by die order containing the direction or a subsequent order amend the First and the Third Schedules to this Act to such extent as appears to him requisite or expedient in consequence of the giving of the direction, and where a direction is given under that section with respect to the part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing of sick children, the Minister, after consulting the Council, may by the order containing the direction or a subsequent order amend the said First Schedule to such extent as appears to him requisite or expedient in consequence of the giving of the direction.

32. —(1) Rules made by the Council under this Act shall not come into operation unless and until they are approved by the Minister.

(2) The power conferred on the Minister by this section and any power conferred on him by this Act to make an order or regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) Any power to make an order conferred on the Minister by this Act shall be construed as including a power exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions (if any) to revoke or vary the order.

1957

Nurses Ac, 1957

Ch. 15

49

33.—(I) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires. Interpretation, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" area nurse-training committee " means a committee constituted by an order of the Minister under subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act;

" Board of Governors ", in relating to a teaching hospital, means a Board of Governors constituted by an order of the Minister under subsection (8) of section eleven of the National Health Service Act, 1946, for the purpose of exercising functions with respect to the administration of that hospital;

" chief male nurse " means a male nurse in charge of the male nurses employed in a mental hospital;

"the Council" means the General Nursing Council for England and Wales;

" hospital " has the same meaning as in the National Health Service Act, 1946;

"hospital area" means an area for which a Regional Hospital Board is for the time being constituted under subsection (1) of section eleven of the National Health Service Act, 1946;

" the list " means the list of nurses established in pursuance of section eighteen of the Nurses Act, 1943, and maintained in pursuance of subsection (1) of section five of this Act;

"local education authority" has the same meaning as in the Education Act, 1944;

" mental hospital " means a mental hospital for the purposes of the Lunacy and Mental Treatment Acts, 1890 to 1930;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Health;

" nurse " means a nurse for the sick, and " nursing " shall be construed accordingly;

"prescribed" means prescribed by rules made by the Council under this Act;

" the register " means the register of nurses established in pursuance of the Nurses Registration Act, 1919, and maintained in pursuance of subsection (1) of section two of this Act, and " registered " shall be construed accordingly;

" registered mental nurse " means a nurse whose name is included in the part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases;

"registered sick children’s nurse" means a nurse whose name is included in the part of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing of sick children;

50

Ch. 15

Nurses Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

" the roll " means the roll of assistant nurses established in pursuance of Part I of the Nurses Act, 1943, and maintained in pursuance of subsection (1) of section two of this Act, and " enrolled " shall be construed accordingly;

" teaching hospital " means a hospital or group of hospitals designated by the Minister as a teaching hospital by an order in force under Part II of the National Health Service Act, 1946;

" the training rules " means rules relating to training made by the Council under section three of this Act

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a teaching hospital which consists of a group of hospitals which are situated in two or more hospital areas shall be deemed to be situated in such one of those areas as the Minister may direct.

(3) References in this Act to the register and the list shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include references respectively to a part of the register and a part of the list.

Repeal and 34.—(1) The enactments mentioned in the first and second

savings. columns of the Fifth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect any order, rule, regulation, nomination or determination made, direction, approval or consent given, resolution passed, specification issued, notice served, or any other thing done, under an enactment repealed by this Act, but any such order, rule, regulation, nomination, determination, direction, approval, consent, resolution, specification, notice or other thing shall, in so far as, at the commencement of this Act, it is in force and could have been made, given, passed, issued, served or done under the corresponding provision of this Act, continue in force and have effect as if it had been so made, given, passed, issued, served or done.

(3) Any document referring to an Act or enactment repealed by this Act shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as referring to this Act or the corresponding enactment therein.

(4) For the purpose of determining the maximum amount of a fine which may be imposed on a person in respect of an offence under any provision of this Act, an offence committed by him under the corresponding enactment repealed by this Act shall be deemed to have been committed under that provision.

(5) The mention of particular matters in this section shall be without prejudice to the general application of subsection <2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with regard to the effect of repeals.

1957

Nurses Ac, 1957

Ch. 15

51

35*—(1) This Act may be cited as the Nurses Act, 1957. Short title,

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland, winmerice-

(3) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of ment* one month beginning with the date of its passing.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Section 1.

The General Nursing Council for England and Wales Constitution of the Council

1. The Council shall consist of—

(a) seventeen persons elected as hereinafter mentioned;

(b) twelve persons appointed by the Minister;

(c) three persons appointed by the Minister of Education; and

() two persons appointed by the Privy Council, of whom one shall be appointed to represent universities in England and Wales.

2. —(1) Of the elected members of the Council—

(a) fourteen, who shall be nurses registered in the general part

of the register, shall be elected by persons (hereinafter referred to as " the general electors ") who, on the date of the election, are registered elsewhere than in the parts of the register containing the names of nurses trained in the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases and the names of nurses trained in the nursing of sick children (whether or not they are also registered in either or both of those parts);

(b) two shall be registered mental nurses (of whom one shall be a man and the other a woman) elected by persons who, on the date of the election, are registered mental nurses; and

(c) one shall be a registered sick children’s nurse elected by

persons who, on the date of the election, are registered sick children’s nurses.

(2) For the purposes of the election of the fourteen nurses mentioned in head (a) of the foregoing sub-paragraph, England and Wales shall be divided into fourteen areas determined by the Minister, one of those nurses shall be elected for each area and each of those nurses shall, on the date of the election, be engaged, in the area for which he is elected, in nursing or in other work for which the employment of a registered nurse is requisite or for which a registered nurse is commonly employed.

3. Of the members of the Council appointed by the Minister—

(a) two shall be registered nurses employed in services provided

under Part HI of the National Health Service Act, 1946, appointed by him after consultation with such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies having special knowledge and experience of the work of nurses so employed;

52

Ch. 15

Nurses Ac, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—cont.

(6) two shall be persons holding certificates given by virtue of section seventeen of this Act, appointed by him after consultation with such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies having special knowledge and experience of the work of persons engaged in the teaching of nursing;

(c) one shall be a male nurse whose name is included in the general part of the register, appointed by him after consultation with such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies having special knowledge and experience of the work of male nurses whose names are so included; id) one shall be a registered nurse in charge of a ward in a hospital which is an institution approved by die Council for the purposes of the training rules, being a nurse whose name is included in the general part of the register, appointed by him after consultation with such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies having

(e) three shall be persons appearing to him to have had experience of the control and management of hospitals.

Supplementary Provisions

4. The members of the Council required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to be elected shall be elected in accordance with the prescribed scheme and in the prescribed manner, and the said scheme may provide that the system in accordance with which the election of the fourteen nurses mentioned in head (a) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall be conducted shall be either—

(a) by way of assigning to each of the general electors one vote in respect of each of the areas into which England and Wales is divided under sub-paragraph (2) of that paragraph; or

(b) by way of assigning to each of the general electors a single vote in respect of that one of those areas that is determined in accordance with the scheme to be, in his case, the area at the election wherefor of a member of the Council it is appropriate for him to vote.

5. The members of the Council shall hold office for a term of five years.

6. —(1) If the place of a member of the Council becomes vacant before the expiration of his term of office whether by death, resignation or otherwise, the vacancy shall, if the member was appointed by the Minister, the Minister of Education or the Privy Council, be filled by a person appointed by the Minister, the Minister of Education or the Privy Council, as the case may be, and in any other case shall be filled by a person appointed by the Council.

(2) A person appointed to fill a vacancy occurring in the place of a member that was orginally filled by a nurse elected for one of the areas into which England and Wales is divided under sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall be a person who would be qualified for election for that area if an election were to

1957

Nurses Act, 1957

Ch. 15

53

take place on the date on which he is appointed, and a person appointed to fill any other vacancy shall, if the place vacant was originally filled by a person required by the foregoing provisions ot tins Schedule to be a person of a particular class, himself be a person of that class.

(3) A person appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only so long as the member in whose stead he is appointed would have held office.

7. A person ceasing to be a member of the Council shall be eligible for re-appointment or re-election.

8. The Council shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal and power to hold land without licence in mortmain.

9. The powers of the Council may be exercised notwithstanding a vacancy in their number.

10. The Council shall make rules for regulating the summoning of meetings of the Council and the proceedings (including quorum) of the Council.

11. The Council may make rules for enabling them to constitute committees and for authorising die delegation to committees constituted by virtue of rules under this paragraph of any of the powers of the Council, and for regulating die proceedings (including quorum) of such committees.

12. The Council may, with die previous sanction of the Minister, appoint a person to act as registrar of the Council, and may, subject to the consent of the Minister as to numbers, employ such other officers as the Council consider necessary.

13. The Council—

(a) may pay to die members thereof sums (to be calculated in

accordance with directions to be given by the Minister) in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the Council;

(b) shall pay to the registrar and the other officers of the Council such salaries or remuneration as the Council may, with the approval of the Minister, from time to time determine.

14. A member of the Council shall not, by reason of his membership, be rendered incapable of being elected, or of sitting and voting, as a member of the House of Commons.

15. The Council may enter into such agreements, acquire such property and do such things as may, in the opinion of the Council, be necessary or desirable for the exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties, and may dispose as they think fit of any property acquired by them.

16. The seal of the Council shall be authenticated in the prescribed manner and any document purporting to be sealed with the said seal so authenticated shall be receivable in evidence of the particulars stated in that document

1st Sch. —coni.

54

Ch. 15

Nurses Act, 1957

5 & 6 B. 2

Section 11.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Area Nurse-Training Committees

Constitution of Area Nurse-Training Committees

1. The area nurse-training committee for a hospital area shall consist of such number of persons of each of the following classes as may be specified in the order constituting the committee, that is to say,—

(a) persons appointed by the Regional Hospital Board for the

area;

(b) persons appointed by Boards of Governors of teaching hospitals situated in the area;

(c) persons appointed by the Council;

() persons appointed by the Central Midwives Board;

(e) persons appointed by the Minister after consultation with

the local health authorities in the area;

(f) persons appointed by the Minister after consultation with

the local education authorities in the area;

(g) persons appointed by the Minister after consultation with

such universities as he thinks fit;

and the said order may contain provisions with respect to the qualifications of members of the committee.

Supplementary Provisions

2. The Minister may by order make provision—

(a) with respect to the appointment, tenure of office and vacation of office of the members of the area nurse-training committee for a hospital area;

(b) with respect to the appointment of sub-committees of such a committee consisting wholly or partly of the members thereof and the delegation of functions to such subcommittees;

(c) for the making by such a committee to the members thereof

and to the members of any sub-committee thereof of such payments as may be specified in the order in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the committee or subcommittee. as die case may be;

() with respect to the keeping of accounts of sums received and expended by such a committee and the making up and audit of those accounts and the times at which and the form in which estimates of their expenditure are to be submitted by diem to the Council; and

(e) with respect to the procedure (including quorum) of such a

committee.

1957

Nurses Ac, 1957

Ch. 15

55

3. It shall be the duty of the Regional Hospital Board for a hospital area to take, so soon as may be after the constitution of the area nurse-training committee for that area, the requisite steps to convoke the committee for the first meeting thereof.

4. --(l) It shall be the duty of the Regional Hospital Board for a hospital area to provide the area nurse-training committee for that area, on such terms as may, in default of agreement, be determined by the Minister, with the services of such of the officers and servants of the Board and with such office accommodation as the committee may reasonably require.

(2) Without prejudice to die foregoing sub-paragraph, an area nurse-training committee may, with the consent of the Minister, themselves employ officers and servants and may pay officers and servants employed by them such remuneration as they may determine.

(3) Any dispute arising under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph as to the reasonableness of any requirement shall be determined by the Minister.

5. The chairman of an area nurse-training committee shall be such one of the members thereof as may be selected by the committee.

6. The powers of an area nurse-training committee may be exercised notwithstanding a vacancy in their number.

7. A member of an area nurse-training committee or a subcommittee of an area nurse-training committee shall not, by reason of his membership, be rendered incapable of being elected, or of sitting and voting, as a member of the House of Commons.

THIRD SCHEDULE

The Mental Nurses Committee Constitution of the Mental Nurses Committee

1.—(1) The Mental Nurses Committee shall consist of twelve persons, of whom—

(a) six shall be members of the Council appointed by the

Council;

(b) two shall be registered mental nurses elected by persons who, on the date of the election, are registered mental nurses; and

(c) four shall be appointed by the Minister.

(2) Of the members appointed by the Council, two shall be the registered mental nurses elected to membership thereof by registered mental nurses.

(3) The members appointed by the Minister shall respectively be a matron of a mental hospital which is an institution approved by the Council for the purposes of the training rules, a registered mental nurse engaged in the teaching of the nursing and care of persons suffering from mental diseases, a registered medical practitioner engaged in the teaching of psychiatry and a chief male nurse of such a mental hospital as aforesaid, and the appointment of each of

2nd Sch.

—cont.

Section 18.

56

Ch. 15

Nurses Ac, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. those persons shall be made by the Minister after consultation with —cont. such persons and bodies as he thinks fit, being persons and bodies

having special knowledge and experience of the work of persons of the class to which the person to be appointed belongs.

2. The members of the Mental Nurses Committee required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to be elected shall be elected in accordance with the prescribed scheme and in die prescribed manner.

3. The members of the Mental Nurses Committee shall hold office for a term of five years.

4. —(1) If die place of a member of the Mental Nurses Committee becomes vacant before the expiration of his term of office, whether by death, resignation or otherwise, the vacancy shall, if the member was appointed by the Minister, be filled by a person appointed by the Minister, and, in any other case, shall be filled by a person appointed by the Council.

(2) Where a vacancy occurs in the place of a member that was originally filled by a registered mental nurse elected to membership of the Council by registered mental nurses, die person appointed to fill the vacant * ' ppointed to fill the

other vacancy shall possess the same qualification as that by virtue whereof the person who originally filled the place vacant was qualified for appointment or election under paragraph 1 of this Schedule.

(3) A person appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only so long as the member in whose stead he is appointed would have held office.

5. A person ceasing to be a member of the Mental Nurses Committee shall be eligible for re-appointment or re-election.

6. The powers of the Mental Nurses Committee may be exercised notwithstanding a vacancy in their number.

7. The chairman of the Mental Nurses Committee shall be such one of the members of the Committee who are members of the Council as may be selected by the Committee.

8. The quorum of the Mental Nurses Committee shall be four.

9. The Mental Nurses Committee may, with the approval of the Council, make standing orders regulating the summoning of meetings of the Committee and the proceedings of the Committee.

10. The Council may pay to the members of the Mental Nurses Committee sums (to be calculated in accordance with directions to be given by the Minister) in respect of any loss of earnings they

Supplementary Provisions

mg vacancy

person appointed

1957

Nurses Ac, 1957

Ch. 15

57

would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not have otherwise been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the Mental Nurses Committee.

11. A member of the Mental Nurses Committee shall not, by reason of his membership, be rendered incapable of being elected, or of sitting and voting, as a member of the House of Commons.

FOURTH SCHEDULE The Assistant Nurses Committee Constitution of the Assistant Nurses Committee

1. The Assistant Nurses Committee shall consist of—

(a) six persons appointed by the Council from amongst the members thereof, of whom one at least shall not be a registered nurse; and

(b) five representatives of assistant nurses of whom—

(i) four shall be such persons, being registered nurses or enrolled assistant nurses, as may be elected by persons enrolled on the date of the election; and

(ii) one shall be a person appointed by die Minister.

Supplementary Provisions

2. The members of the Assistant Nurses Committee required by the foregoing paragraph to be elected shall be elected in accordance with the prescribed scheme and in the prescribed manner.

3. The members of the Assistant Nurses Committee shall hold office for a term of five years.

4. —(1) If die place of a member of the Assistant Nurses Committee becomes vacant before the expiration of his term of office, whether by death, resignation or otherwise, die vacancy shall be filled, if the member was appointed by the Council, by the Council, and, if the member represented assistant nurses, by the Minister.

(2) A person appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only so long as the member in whose stead he is appointed would have held office.

5. A person ceasing to be a member of the Assistant Nurses Committee shall be eligible for re-appointment or re-election.

6. The powers of the Assistant Nurses Committee may be exercised notwithstanding a vacancy in their number.

7. The Chairman of the Assistant Nurses Committee shall be such one of the members thereof, being a member appointed by the

Council I as may be selected by the Committee.

g. The quorum of the Assistant Nurses Committee shall be four.

9. The Assistant Nurses Committee may, with the approval of

die Council, make standing orders regulating the summoning of meetings of the Committee and the proceedings of the Committee.

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Section 19.

58

Ch. 15

Nurses Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch.

—cont.

Section 34.

10. The Council may pay to the members of the Assistant Nurses Committee sums (to be calculated in accordance with directions to be given by the Minister) in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the Assistant Nurses Committee.

11. A member of the Assistant Nurses Committee shall not, by reason of his membership, be rendered incapable of being elected, or of sitting and voting, as a member of the House of Commons.

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

9 & 10 Geo. 5. The Nurses Registration The whole Act.

c. 94. Act, 1919.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. The Nurses Act, 1943 ... Sections one to six.

c. 17. Sections fourteen and fifteen. In section sixteen, subsection (1) and, except so far as it relates to Part II, of that Act, subsection (2). Sections seventeen and eighteen. Section twenty, except so far as it relates to Part II of that Act. In section twenty-one, in subsection (1), the words from " and this Act " to the end. The Schedules.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 73. The Nurses Act, 1949 ... The whole Act.

tco

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Interpretation Act, 1889 Nurses Registration Act, 1919 Nurses Act, 1943 Education Act, 1944 National Health Service Act, 1946 Nurses Act, 1949 . 52 & 53 Vict c. 63. 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 94. 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 17. 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 73.

1957

Nurses Agencies , 1957

Ch. 16

59

CHAPTER 16

Nurses Agencies , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Conduct of agencies for the supply of nurses.

1 Licensing of agencies.

3. Enforcement.

4. Penalties.

5. Delegation of powers by county council to council of county district.

6. Application of Act and of existing enactments.

7. Regulations.

8. Interpretation.

9. Repeal and savings.

10. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to agencies for the supply of nurses.

[21st March, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) A person carrying on an agency for the supply of Conduct of

nurses shall, in carrying on that agency, only supply— agencies for

z v , the supply o(

(a) registered nurses; nurses.

(b) enrolled assistant nurses;

(c) certified midwives;

() such other classes of persons as may be prescribed.

(2) A person canying on an agency for the supply of nurses shall, at the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, give to every person to whom he supplies a nurse, midwife or other person a statement in writing in the prescribed form as to the qualifications of the person supplied.

(3) No person shall carry on an agency for the supply of nurses unless the selection of the person to be supplied for each particular case is made by or under the supervision of a registered nurse or a registered medical practitioner.

(4) A person carrying on an agency for the supply of nurses shall keep such records in relation thereto as may be prescribed.

2.—(!) No person shall carry on an agency for the supply of Licensing of nurses on any premises in the area of any licensing authority agencies. unless he is the holder of a licence from that authority authorising him so to do on those premises.

60

Ch. 16

Nurses Agencies , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

In this Act, the expression " licensing authority " means, in relation to the City of London, the Common Council, in relation to the remainder of the administrative county of London, the London County Council, and in relation to any other county or any county borough, the council of that county or borough.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, if any person who desires to carry on an agency for the supply of nurses in the area of any licensing authority makes an application in that behalf to that authority in the prescribed form, in the prescribed manner, at the prescribed time and giving the prescribed information, and pays to that authority such fee as may be prescribed, the authority shall grant him a licence accordingly, subject, however, to such conditions as they may think fit for securing the proper conduct of the agency, including conditions as to the fees to be charged by the person carrying on the agency, whether to the nurses or other persons supplied, or to the persons to whom they are supplied.

(3) Any such application may be refused, and any such licence which has been granted may be revoked, on any of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the applicant or, as the case may be, the holder of the licence is an individual under the age of twenty-one years or is unsuitable to hold such a licence;

(b) that the premises are unsuitable;

(c) that the agency has been or is being improperly conducted; or

() that offences against this Act or Part II of the Nurses Act, 1943, have been committed in connection with the carrying on of the agency.

(4) An applicant for or holder of any such licence who is aggrieved by the refusal of the licensing authority to grant such a licence, or by the revocation by the licensing authority of the licence, or by any conditions attached to the licence, may, within twenty-one days from the receipt by him of notice of the refusal or of the revocation or of the grant of the licence subject to the conditions, appeal to a court of summary jurisdiction, who may make such order as they think just; and the authority shall, if required by him in writing so to do, send or deliver to him within seven days of the receipt of the requirement particulars in writing of the ground for the refusal, the revocation or the attachment of the conditions, as the case may be.

(5) An application under this Act for the grant of a licence in respect of an agency in respect of which a licence is in force at the time of the application shall not be refused and a licence under this Act shall not be revoked by a licensing authority unless the holder has been given an opportunity of being heard by the licensing authority or a committee thereof.

1957

Nurses Agencies , 1957

Ch. 16

61

(6) Every licensing authority shall in each year cause an annual meeting (either of the authority themselves or, if under any powers enabling them in that behalf, they have delegated their powers under this section to a committee, of that committee) to be held for the purpose of considering applications for licences under this Act, and every licence granted under this Act shall (unless revoked) be valid until the thirty-first day of December in the year next following that in which the licence is granted and no longer:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as preventing the consideration of applications otherwise than at any such annual meeting.

(7) On the death of the holder of a licence under this Act, die licence shall enure for the benefit of his personal representatives, and references in this Act to the holder of such a licence shall be construed accordingly.

3. —(1) It shall be the duty of the licensing authority to enforce Enforcement, the provisions of this Act.

(2) Any registered nurse or other officer duly authorised in that behalf by the licensing authority may at all reasonable times on producing, if so required, some duly authenticated document showing his authority—

(a) enter the premises specified in any licence or application

under this Act or any premises which are used, or which that officer has reasonable cause to believe are used, for the purposes of or in connection with an agency for the supply of nurses; and

(b) inspect those premises and records kept in connection with any such agency as aforesaid carried on at those premises,

and no person shall obstruct any such officer in the execution of his duty.

4. —(1) Any person who carries on an agency for the supply Penalties, of nurses without compliance with subsection (3) of section one

of this Act or without a licence under this Act shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds and, if he continues so to do after conviction, he shall be guilty of a farther offence and shall be liable on summary conviction in respect thereof to a fine not exceeding five pounds for each day on which he so continues so to carry on the agency.

(2) Any person who carries on an agency for the supply of nurses otherwise than in accordance with the conditions of his licence shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds and, if the contravention in respect of which he was so convicted is continued after the conviction, shall be guilty

62

Ch. 16

Nurses Agencies Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Delegation of powers by county council to council of county district

of a further offence and liable in respect thereof on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two pounds for each day on which the contravention is so continued.

(3) Any person carrying on an agency for the supply of nurses who, in carrying on that agency, supplies any person in contravention of the provisions of subsection (1) of section one of this Act, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(4) Any person who—

(a) makes or causes to be made or knowingly allows to be made any entry in a record required to be kept under this Act, which he knows to be false in a material particular, or for purposes connected with this Act produces or furnishes, or causes or knowingly allows to be produced or furnished any record or information which he knows to be false in a material particular; or

(b) for the purpose of obtaining a licence under this Act makes any statement which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes any statement which is false in a material particular,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(5) Any person who commits any contravention of this Act for which no special penalty is thereby provided shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(6) Where the person carrying on an agency for the supply of nurses is convicted under this Act of an offence committed in the carrying on of that agency on any premises, the court may (in lieu of or in addition to imposing any other penalty) make an order revoking the licence (if any) under this Act authorising the carrying on of that agency on those premises.

(7) Where any offence against this Act by a corporation is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of any director, manager, secretary or other officer of the corporation, he, as well as the corporation, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

5.—(1) A county council may, on the application of the council of any county district within the county, by agreement delegate to the council of that district, either with or without restrictions or conditions, any of the functions of the county council under the provisions of this Act.

(2) If the council of a county district who have made an application under the preceding subsection are aggrieved by the

1957

Nurses Agencies , 1957

Ch. 16

63

refusal of the county council to delegate functions, or by any conditions or restrictions which the county council propose to impose, the council of the county district may make a representation to the Minister, and the Minister, after consultation with the county council, may by order direct the county council to delegate to the council of the county district, either with or without restrictions or conditions, such functions under this Act as the Minister thinks proper, and the county council shall comply with any direction so given.

The Minister may at any time by order revoke an order previously made by him under this subsection.

(3) Where any functions of a county council are delegated under this section to the council of a county district, that council shall, as regards the functions so delegated, be deemed to be the licensing authority.

(4) Any expenses incurred by the council of a county district in the discharge of functions delegated to them under this section shall, up to an amount not exceeding such sums as may be fixed by the county council or on an appeal by the Minister, be repaid to the council of the county district by the county council.

(5) Any fees received under this Act by the council of a county district shall, as the county council may direct, either be paid to that council or be applied in reduction of the sum to be repaid under this section by that council to the council of the county district.

6.—(1) The foregoing provisions of this Act shall not apply to Application of any agency for the supply of nurses carried on in connection with A<* ?° of any hospital maintained or controlled by a Government depart- enactments ment or local authority or combination of local authorities, or by any body constituted by special Act of Parliament or incorporated by Royal Charter.

(2) The provisions of section eighty-five of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907, and any provisions relating to employment agencies or servants registries contained in any local Act shall not apply to an agency for the supply of nurses, but this subsection shall not be taken as exempting from any such provisions any other business carried on in conjunction with an agency for the supply of nurses.

7. The Minister shall have power (exercisable by statutory Regulations, instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament) to make regulations for prescribing anything which under this Act is to be prescribed.

64

Ch. 16

Nurses Agencies Actf 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Interpretation.

Repeal and savings..

8. In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

"agency for the supply of nurses" means the business (whether or not carried on for gain and whether or not carried on in conjunction with another business) of supplying persons to act as nurses, or of supplying persons to act as nurses and persons to act as midwives, but does not include the business carried on by any county or district nursing association or other similar organisation, being an association or organisation established and existing wholly or mainly for the purpose of providing patients with the services of a nurse to visit them in their own homes without herself taking up her residence there;

"certified midwife" means a woman who is for the time being certified under the Midwives Act, 1951, and includes a woman who, by virtue of an order made under Defence Regulations, is for the time being deemed for the purposes of subsection (2) of section twenty-three of the National Health Service Act, 1946, to be a certified midwife;

" enrolled assistant nurse " means a person enrolled in the roll of assistant nurses maintained in pursuance of subsection (1) of section two of the Nurses Act, 1957;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Health;

" nurse " means a nurse for the sick and " registered nurse " means a nurse registered in the register of nurses maintained in pursuance of subsection (1) of section two of the Nurses Act, 1957.

9. —(1) The enactments mentioned in the first and second columns of the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect any order, regulation or agreement made, licence granted, or other thing done under an enactment repealed by this Act, but any such order, rule, agreement, licence or other thing shall, in so far as, at the commencement of this Act, it is in force and could have been made, granted or done under the corresponding provision of this Act, continue in force and have effect as if it had been so made, granted or done.

(3) Any document referring to any Act or enactment repealed by this Act shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as referring to this Act or the corresponding enactment therein.

(4) Where an offence, being an offence for the continuance of which a penalty was provided, has been committed under an

1957

Nurses Agencies , 1957

Ch. 16

65

enactment repealed by this Act, proceedings may be taken under tins Act in respect of the continuance of the offence after the commencement of this Act in the same manner as if the offence bad been committed under the corresponding provisions of this Act

(5) The mention of particular matters in this section shall be without prejudice to the general application of subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with regard to the effect of repeals.

10.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Nurses Agencies Act, Short title, 1957# extent and

commence-

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland, menu

(3) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of one month beginning with the date of its passing.

SCHEDULE Section 9.

Enactments repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 17. The Nurses Act, 1943 Part 11 and, so far as relating thereto, sections sixteen and twenty. Section twenty-one.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 6. The Nurses Act, 1945 The whole Act

ten

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Interpretation Act, 1889 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907 7 Edw. 7. c. 53.

Nurses Act, 1943 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 17.

Nurses Act, 1945 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 6.

National Health Service Act, 1946 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

Midwives Act, 1951 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 53.

C

66

Ch. 17

Rating and Valuation Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 17

Rating and Valuation , 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Rateable value of shops, offices, etc., for purposes of existing valuation

lists.

2. Payments in lieu of rates by British Transport Commission and Central

Electricity Authority.

3. Rating liability of area gas boards.

4. Effect of relief of charities, etc., on rateable value for purposes of

Exchequer Equalisation Grants, etc.

5. Repeal of inoperative enactments.

6. Financial provisions.

7. Short title, interpretation and extent.

Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to reduce, during the currency of existing valuation lists, the rateable value of certain hereditaments; to make further provision as to the amounts payable by way of rates or in lieu of rates by the British Transport Commission, the Central Electricity Authority and Area Gas Boards; to amend the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1948, as to the ascertainment of the rateable value for an area; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[21st March, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Rateable 1.—(1) Where the net annual value of a hereditament which

value of is neither a dwelling-house nor a private garage or private storage offices, premises is an amount ascertained by reference to its gross value as defined in section sixty-eight of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, and the rateable value of the hereditament would but for this section be equal to its net annual value, the rateable value of the hereditament shall be ascertained, for any rate period beginning after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven for which the valuation lists in force at the commencement of this Act remain in force, by making from its net annual value the deduction mentioned in the next following subsection.

(2) The deduction shall be equal to one-fifth of the net annual value, except that where the gross value of the hereditament has been reduced by virtue of section four of the Valuation for Rating Act, 1953 (which relates to hereditaments used partly for the purposes of private dwellings) the deduction shall be equal to one-seventh of the net annual value.

purposes of existing valuation lists.

1957

Rating and Valuation , 1957

Ch. 17

67

(3) Where the net annual value of the hereditament includes a fraction of a pound it shall be adjusted in the manner provided by paragraph () of subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, and the rateable value shall be ascertained by reference to the net annual value as so adjusted.

(4) Valuation officers shall give to rating authorities directions for such alterations to be made in valuation lists as are necessary in consequence of the foregoing provisions of this section, and the authorities shall give effect to the directions; and any such alteration shall be treated as having been made on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven but, if the alteration is made after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, it shall be so treated only for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of rates chargeable.

(5) Where, on or after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, an alteration having effect for a period preceding that date falls to be made in a valuation list with respect to a hereditament the rateable value of which falls to be ascertained under this section, the alteration shall be made so as to indicate the net annual value and rateable value as ascertained under this section; but the rateable value of the hereditament shall for any period preceding the said first day of April for which the alteration has effect be taken to have been the amount which after the alteration is shown in the list as its net annual value.

(6) Where the rateable value of a hereditament falls to be ascertained under this section and the hereditament is one to which section eight of the Rating and Valuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1955, applies (which provides for a reduction, in certain cases, in the rates payable by charitable and certain other organisations), the question whether any and if so what reduction shall be made under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of that section or the Fifth Schedule to that Act in respect of the hereditament shall be determined as if the amount of the rates which, but for that section, would have been chargeable in respect of the hereditament for the year beginning with the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-six or any portion of that year had been less by one-fifth or one-seventh, according as the deduction mentioned in subsection (2) of this section is one-fifth or one-seventh of the net annual value of the hereditament.

2. The payments which are, under the provisions of Part V of Payments in the Local Government Act, 1948, to be made year by year by [jcu of the British Transport Commission and the Central Electricity Authority respectively for the benefit of local authorities in^mnifesion England and Wales shall for the year 1957-58 and subsequent and Central years be calculated as if the standard amount referred to in Electricity sections ninety-three to ninety-five of that Act (which relate to Authority.

c 2

68

Ch. 17

Rating and Valuation Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Rating liability of area gas boards.

Effect of relief of charities, etc. on rateable value for purposes of Exchequer Equalisation Grants, etc.

payments by the British Transport Commission) were the sum of two million six hundred thousand pounds and the standard amount referred to in sections ninety-six to ninety-eight of that Act (which relate to payments by the Central Electricity Authority) were the sum of eighteen million two hundred and eighty thousand pounds.

3. The rateable value of the hereditament which under section six of the Rating and Valuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1955, and the Third Schedule to that Act, a Gas Board is to be treated as occupying in any rating area shall for any rate period beginning after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven be calculated as if the amount certified under that Schedule as the Board’s basic total of rateable values had been an amount greater by seventy per cent, than the amount actually certified thereunder; and accordingly an amount greater by seventy per cent, than that actually notified before the commencement of this Act in respect of any such rate period shall be deemed to have been so notified under paragraph 7 of that Schedule.

4, —(1) References in Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, to the rateable value for an area for a year shall be construed as if in subsection (2) of section one hundred and forty-four (which relates to the construction of such references) there were inserted, at the end of the words preceding the proviso, the words " reduced, in either case, as mentioned in subsection (2A) of this section", and after the said subsection (2) there were inserted the following subsection:—

" (2A) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section, the total or aggregate referred to therein shall be reduced to what it Would have been if the rateable value of any hereditament to which section eight of the Rating and Valuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1955, applies for the whole or any part of the year had been an amount bearing to that rateable value the same proportion as the amount of rates chargeable for the year in respect of that hereditament bears to the amount of rates which would have been so chargeable if the said section eight had not applied to it; and the two last-mentioned amounts shall be ascertained by reference to the rating authority’s audited accounts for the year."

(2) This section shall have effect as respects the year 1957-58 and subsequent years.

(3) This section shall not affect the operation of subsection (2) of section twenty-six of the Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956.

1957

Rating and Valuation , 1957

Ch. 17

69

5. Whereas in consequence of the passing of subsection (6) Repeal of of section five of the Rating and Valuation (Miscellaneous inoperative Provisions) Act, 1955, the enactments mentioned in the Schedule enactments* to this Act have ceased to have effect to the extent specified in

the third column of that Schedule; the said enactments are hereby repealed to the extent so specified.

6. There shall be paid out Of moneys provided by Parliament Financial any increase attributable to the passing of this Act in the sums Provi#lons' payable out of moneys so provided under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, or the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954, as amended by the Valuation

and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956.

7,—(1) This Act may be cited as the Rating and Valuation Short tide. Art 10^7 interpretation

Aa,1*5/* and extent.

(2) In this Act—

" dwelling-house ", " private garage " and " private storage premises " have the same meanings as in the Valuation for Rating Act, 1953;

" Gas Board " means an Area Board within the meaning of the Gas Act, 1948;

" rate period " means a period for which a rate is made;

" the valuation officer " has the same meaning as in Part III of the Local Government Act, 1948;

and the reference in subsection (5) of section one to the alteration of a valuation list with respect to a hereditament shall be construed in accordance with subsection (9) of section one hundred and forty-four of the Local Government Act, 1948.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any other enactment.

(4) This Act, except subsection (3) of section four, shall not extend to Scotland.

(5) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

le

70

Ch. 17

Rating and Valuation Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 5.

SCHEDULE

Enactments repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

32 & 33 Vict.

c. 67.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 42.

The Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

The Valuation for Rating Act, 1953.

In section four the definition of "gross value".

In section two, in subsection (1) the words from " or in section four" to "‘the Act of

1869 ’) ".

In section four, in subsection (2) the words "or the Act of 1869, as the case may be ".

In section five, in subsection (2) the words "or the Act of 1869, as the case may be ".

In section six, in subsection (3) the words " or in section four of the Act of 1869".

GOO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Rating and Valuation Act, 1925 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 90.

Local Government Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

Gas Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 67.

Valuation for Rating Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 42.

Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scot-

land) Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 13.

Rating and Valuation (Miscellaneous Provi-

sions) Act, 1955 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 9.

Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956 ... 4 & 5 Biz. 2. c. 60.

1957 Customs Duties ( DumCh. 18 71

and Subsidies) Act; 1957

CHAPTER 18

Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) , 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Cases where customs duties may be imposed.

2. Orders imposing duties.

3. Relief in respect of duties.

4. Drawback, etc., of duties.

5. Power to require information from importers.

6. Ascertainment of export price.

7. Ascertainment of fair market price.

8. Construction of references to country of origin, etc.

9. Other interpretative provisions.

10. Provisions as to Board of Trade.

11. Provisions as to orders.

12. Short title.

An Act to authorise the imposition of duties of customs where goods have been dumped or subsidised, and for connected purposes.

[17th April, 1957]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, with a view to affording protection against dumping and subsidies affecting imported goods have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1.—(1) Where it appears to the Board of Trade— Cases where

customs

(a) that goods of any description are being or have been duties may be imported into the United Kingdom in circumstances in imposed, which they are under the provisions of this Act to be regarded as having been dumped, or

(b) that some Government or other authority outside the United Kingdom has been giving a subsidy affecting goods of any description which are being or have been imported into the United Kingdom,

and that, having regard to all the circumstances, it would be in the national interest, they may exercise the power conferred on

Ch. 18 Customs Duties (5 & 6 Eliz. 2

and Subsidies) Act, 1957

them by this Act to impose and vary duties of customs in such manner as they think necessary to meet the dumping or the giving of the subsidy:

Provided that, where the Board of Trade are not satisfied that the effect of the dumping or of the giving of the subsidy is such as to cause or threaten material injury to an established industry in the United Kingdom or is such as to retard materially the establishment of an industry in the United Kingdom, the Board shall not exercise that power if it appears to them that to do so woijld conflict with the obligations of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom under the provisions for the time being in force of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade concluded at Geneva in the year nineteen hundred and forty-seven.

(2) For the purposes of this Act imported goods shall be regarded as having been dumped—

(a) if the export price from the country in which the goods

originated is less than the fair market price of the goods in that country, or

(b) in a case where the country from which the goods were

exported to the United Kingdom is different from the country in which they originated,—

(i) if the export price from the country in which the goods originated is less than the fair market price of those goods in that country, or

(ii) if the export price from the country from which the goods were so exported is less than the fair market price of those goods in that country.

(3) References in this Act to giving a subsidy are references to giving, directly or indirectly, a bounty or subsidy on the production or export of goods (whether by grant, loan, tax relief or in any other way and whether related directly to the goods themselves, to materials of the goods or to something else), and include—

(a) the giving of any special subsidy on the transport of a

particular product, and

(b) the giving of favourable treatment to producers or ex-

porters in the course of administering any governmental control over the exchange of currencies where such treatment has the effect of assisting a reduction of the prices of goods offered for export,

but do not include the application of restrictions or charges on the export of materials from any country so as to favour producers in that country who use those materials in goods produced by (hem.

1957

Customs Duties (Dumping

and Subsidies) , 1957

Ch. 18

73

2.—(1) The power which the Board of Trade may exercise Orders under this Act is a power by order to impose on goods of a imposing description specified in the order a duty of customs chargeable duties, on the import of the goods into the United Kingdom at a rate specified in the order.

(2) The matters by reference to which the description of goods in an order is framed shall include either the country in which the goods originated or the country from which the goods were exported to the United Kingdom.

(3) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, an order under this section may include such provisions with respect to the description of the goods chargeable with duty and with respect to the cases in which duty is chargeable as may appear to the Board of Trade to be required for the purposes of this Act and, in particular,—

(a) provisions limiting the description of the goods by refer-

ence to the particular persons or organisations by whom the goods were produced or who were concerned with the production of the goods in some specified manner,

(b) provisions defining the rate of duty by reference to value

or weight or other measure of quantity,

(c) provisions directing that duty be charged for any period

or periods, whether continuous or not, or without any limit of period, or at different rates for different periods or parts of periods, and

(d) in connection with the commencement, variation or termination of a duty, provisions authorising repayments in respect of duty where it is shown that the prescribed conditions are fulfilled.

(4) Any duty chargeable under this Act on any goods shall be chargeable in addition to any other duty of customs for the tune being chargeable thereon and, notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (2) of section one of the Safeguarding of 11 & 12 Geo. 5. Industries Act, 1921, or of paragraph (a) of subsection (2) ofc- 47. section one of the Import Duties Act, 1932, or of any other 22 & 23 Geo. 5. enactment (including, unless the contrary is expressly provided,c*8-

any future enactment) the charge of duty under this Act shall not affect liability to customs duty chargeable under any other Act or the amount of any such duty.

(5) Section two hundred and fifty-nine of the Customs and 15 & 16 Geo. 6. Excise Act, 1952 (which charges duty on imported composite c-44*

goods by reference to any dutiable goods used in their manufacture), shall not apply to a duty under this Act.

c*

74

76

Relief in respect oi duties.

Ch. 18

Customs Duties (Dumping

and Subsidies) , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

-rjXCept 80 far as aQy such costs, charges^or expenses have to be met separately by the purchaser.

nf section docs not apply, the Board

of Trade shall determine the export price by reference to such

sale of the goods (or of any goods in which the first-mentioned goods were incorporated) as they may select with such adjustments as may appear to them to be proper.

(4) In this section the references to a sale in the open market between buyer and seller independent of each other shall be construed in accordance with paragraph 2 of the Sixth Schedule to the Customs and Excise Act, 1952.

Ascertainment of fair

market price.

7«—(1) The fair market price of any goods in a country shall for the purposes of this Act be determined as follows.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, the fair market price shall be taken to be the price at which goods of the description in question (that is to say, any identical or comparable goods) are being sold in the ordinary course of trade in the said country for consumption or use there, but subject to any necessary adjustments, whether for differences in conditions and terms of sale, for differences in taxation or otherwise, which may be required for the purpose of ensuring that the comparison between the fair market price and the export price is effectively a comparison between the prices on two similar sales.

(3) If it appears to the Board of Trade that goods of that description are not being sold in the said country, or not in such circumstances that the fair market price can be determined in accordance with subsection (2) of this section, the fair market orice shall be determined by the by reference to any Price obtained for goods of that desenphon when exported from the said country, with adjustments made or die purpose

Trade to be proper.

« no««-

ttJse materials in goods produced by them.

1957

Customs Duties (Dumping

and Subsidies) , 1957

Ch. 18

77

8.—(1) Goods shall be regarded for the purposes of this Act as having originated in a country—

(a) if those goods were wholly produced in that country, or

(b) if some stage in the production of the goods was carried

out in that country and the cost of carrying out such stages, if any, in the production of the goods as were carried out after those goods last left that country (but before the import of the goods into the United Kingdom) was less than twenty-five per cent, of the cost of production of the goods as so imported, or

(c) if some stage in the production of any components or

materials incorporated in the goods was carried out in that country and the cost of carrying out such stages in production as were carried out after those components or materials last left that country to convert those components or materials into the goods as imported into the United Kingdom was less than twenty-five per cent, of the cost of production of the goods as so imported.

(2) Where the export price of any goods from the country in which they originated is in question and some stage in the production of the goods, or of any components or materials incorporated in the goods, was carried out after they last left that country, the deductions to be made by the Board of Trade in the price by reference to which the export price is to be ascertained shall include a deduction for the cost of carrying out any such stage in the production of the goods and in the production of any components or materials incorporated in the goods; and the fair market price shall be the fair market price of those goods or, as the case may be, of those components or materials, in the state in which they left that country.

(3) Any reference in this Act to the country in which goods originated shall be taken, in a case where there are two or more countries which answer to that description, as a reference to any of those countries.

(4) The Board of Trade may by regulations in a statutory instrument prescribe for the purposes of this Act—

(a) the costs, charges and expenses to be taken into account

in ascertaining costs of production or the cost of any stage in production,

(b) the manner in which cost of production is to be ascertained in cases where different stages are carried out by different persons,

(c) the manner in which the cost of different stages of pro-

duction is to be ascertained.

Construction of references to country of origin, etc.

76

Ch. 18

Customs Duties (

and Subsidies) , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

sale subject to a deduction for the cost of insurance and freight from the port or place of export in the said country to the port or place of import, and for any other costs, charges or expenses incurred in respect of the goods after they left the port or place of export, except so far as any such costs, charges or expenses have to be met separately by the purchaser.

(3) If subsection (2) of this section does not apply, the Board of Trade shall determine the export price by reference to such sale of the goods (or of any goods in which the first-mentioned goods were incorporated) as they may select with such adjustments as may appear to them to be proper.

(4) In this section the references to a sale in the open market between buyer and seller independent of each other shall be construed in accordance with paragraph 2 of the Sixth Schedule to the Customs and Excise Act, 1952.

Ascertainment of fair

market price.

7.—(1) The fair market price of any goods in a country shall for the purposes of this Act be determined as follows.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, the fair market price shall be taken to be the price at which goods of the description in question (that is to say, any identical or comparable goods) are being sold in the ordinary course of trade in the said country for consumption or use there, but subject to any necessary adjustments, whether for differences in conditions and terms of sale, for differences in taxation or otherwise, which may be required for the purpose of ensuring that the comparison between the fair market price and the export price is effectively a comparison between the prices on two similar sales.

(3) If it appears to the Board of Trade that goods of that description are not being sold in the said country, or not in such circumstances that the fair market price can be determined in accordance with subsection (2) of this section, the fair market price shall be determined by the Board by reference to any price obtained for goods of that description when exported from the said country, with adjustments made for the purpose mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, or, if the Board think fit, by reference to the cost or estimated cost of production of the goods the dumping of which is in question, with such additions in respect of selling cost and profit as may appear to the Board of Trade to be proper.

(4) No account shall be taken under this section of any application of restrictions or charges on the export of materials from any country so as to favour producers in that country who use those materials in goods produced by them.

1957

Customs Duties {Dumping

and Subsidies) , 1957

Ch. 18

77

8.—(1) Goods shall be regarded for the purposes of this Act as having originated in a country—

(a) if those goods were wholly produced in that country, or

(b) if some stage in the production of the goods was carried

out in that country and the cost of carrying out such stages, if any, in die production of the goods as were carried out after those goods last left that country (but before the import of the goods into the United Kingdom) was less than twenty-five per cent, of the cost of production of the goods as so imported, or

(c) if some stage in the production of any components or

materials incorporated in the goods was carried out in that country and the cost of carrying out such stages in production as were carried out after those components or materials last left that country to convert those components or materials into the goods as imported into the United Kingdom was less than twenty-five per cent, of the cost of production of the goods as so imported.

(2) Where the export price of any goods from the country in which they originated is in question and some stage in the production of the goods, or of any components or materials incorporated in the goods, was carried out after they last left that country, the deductions to be made by the Board of Trade in the price by reference to which tile export price is to be ascertained shall include a deduction for the cost of carrying out any such stage in the production of the goods and in the production of any components or materials incorporated in the goods; and the fair market price shall be the fair market price of those goods or, as the case may be, of those components or materials, in the state in which they left that country.

(3) Any reference in this Act to the country in which goods originated shall be taken, in a case where there are two or more countries which answer to that description, as a reference to any of those countries.

(4) The Board of Trade may by regulations in a statutory instrument prescribe for the purposes of this Act—

(a) the costs, charges and expenses to be taken into account

in ascertaining costs of production or the cost of any stage in production,

(b) the manner in which cost of production is to be ascer-

tained in cases where different stages are carried out by different persons,

(c) the manner in which the cost of different stages of production is to be ascertained.

Construction of references to country of origin, etc.

78

Other

interpretative

provisions.

Provisions as to Board of Trade.

Provisions as to orders

Short title.

Ch. 18 Customs Duties 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

and Subsidies) Act, 1957

9. —(1) In this Act—

" country " includes any territory,

" importer " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section three hundred and seven of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952,

and references to producing goods include references to growing or manufacturing goods and to the application of any process in the course of producing goods.

(2) In this Act references to the country from which goods are exported to the United Kingdom are references to the country from which they were consigned to the United Kingdom and goods which in the course of consignment from any country to the United Kingdom pass through or are transhipped in any third country shall not on that account be regarded for the purposes of this Act as having been exported from that third country.

10. Anything required or authorised by or under this Act to be done by, to or before the Board of Trade, may be done by, to or before the President of the Board, any Minister of State with duties concerning the affairs of the Board, any secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in that behalf by the President.

11. —(1) Any power of making orders conferred on the Board of Trade by this Act shall include a power to vary or revoke an order so made and shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and subsections (1) to (4) of section nineteen of the Import Duties Act, 1932 (under which orders imposing a duty of customs require an affirmative resolution of the House of Commons and other orders are subject to a negative resolution of that House), shall apply in relation to orders under this Act as they apply in relation to orders under that Act.

(2) As soon as may be after the end of each financial year (beginning with the year 1957-58) the Board of Trade shall lay before each House of Parliament a report as to the orders under which duties have been chargeable under this Act during that year, indicating the contents of those orders and their operation in that year in relation to goods which have been imported into the United Kingdom.

12. This Act may be cited as the Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act, 1957.

1957

Public Health Officers (Deputies) Act, 1957

Ch. 19

79

CHAPTER 19

An Act to dispense with the consent of the Minister of Health to the appointment under the Local Government Act, 1933, or the London Government Act, 1939, of deputies of medical officers of health and deputies of public health inspectors.

[17th April, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the proviso to subsection (1) of section one hundred Dispensation and fifteen of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which requires with consent the consent of the Minister of Health to the appointment by a °J local authority outside the administrative county of London of a appointment deputy of a medical officer of health appointed by them under of deputies Part IV of that Act or of a public health inspector so appointed of medical and prohibits the appointment, as deputy of a medical officer of officers of health so appointed, of a person who is not a duly qualified ^f^ubhc medical practitioner), there shall be substituted the following health proviso:— inspectors.

" Provided that a person shall not be appointed a deputy 23 & 24 Geo. 5. medical officer of health unless he is a duly qualified medicalc-51* practitioner ".

(2) For the proviso to subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixteen of the Said Act of 1933 (which requires the like consent to the appointment by such an authority as aforesaid of a person to act temporarily in place of a medical officer of health appointed as aforesaid or of a public health inspector so appointed and prohibits the appointment, to act temporarily in place of a medical officer of health so appointed, of a person who is not a duly qualified medical practitioner), there shall be substituted the following proviso:—

" Provided that a person shall not be appointed to act in place of a medical officer of health unless he is a duly qualified medical practitioner

(3) Paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section eighty-two of the London Government Act, 1939, and para- 2 & 3 Geo. 6. graph (b) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section eighty-three c. 40. of that Act (which, as applied by section ninety-six of that Act, require the like consent to the appointment by a metropolitan borough council, the common council of the City of London, the port health authority of the Port of London or the overseers

80

Ch. 19, 20 Public Health Officers ( 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

Short title.

of the Inner or Middle Temple of a person to be a deputy of, or to act temporarily in place of, a medical officer of health appointed by diem under Part IV of that Act or a public health inspector so appointed) shall cease to have effect.

2. This Act may be cited as the Public Health Officers (Deputies) Act, 1957.

CHAPTER 20

House of Commons Disqualification , 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Disqualification of holders of certain offices and places.

2. Ministerial offices.

3. Reserve and auxiliary forces, etc.

4. Stewardship of Chiltern Hundreds, etc.

5. Provision for amendment of First Schedule.

6. Effects of disqualification and provision for relief.

7. Jurisdiction of Privy Council as to disqualification.

8. Relaxation of obligation to accept office.

9. Repeal of disqualification of Crown pensioners and Crown contractors.

10. Provisions relating to Parliament of Northern Ireland.

11. Amendment of Parliamentary Elections Rules.

12. Temporary provisions.

13. Interpretation.

14. Repeals.

15. Short title.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Offices disqualifying for membership.

Part I—Judicial offices.

Part II—Commissions, Tribunals and other bodies of which all members are disqualified.

Part III—Other disqualifying offices.

Part IV—Offices disqualifying for particular constituencies.

Second Schedule—Ministerial offices.

Part I—Offices within Section 2 (1) ( ).

Part II—Other offices.

Third Schedule—Modifications of this Act in relation to Senate and House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

Fourth Schedule—Enactments repealed.

Part I—Enactments of the Parliament of England, of Great Britain and of the United Kingdom.

Part II—Enactments of the Parliament of Ireland and of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

81

An Act to make provision for disqualifying the holders of specified offices for membership of the House of Commons, and to repeal the enactments providing for the disqualification of the holders of offices or places of profit under the Crown and other offices, of persons having pensions from the Crown and of persons contracting with the Crown for or on account of the public service, and certain enactments disqualifying members of that House for holding other offices; to make corresponding provision in respect of the Senate and House of Commons of Northern Ireland; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[17th April, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a person is Disqualifica-disqualified for membership of the House of Commons who for the time being— office* and

(a) holds any of the judicial offices specified in Part I of placcs-the First Schedule to this Act;

(b) is employed in the civil service of the Crown, whether in an established capacity or not, and whether for the whole or part of his time;

(c) is a member of any of the regular armed forces of the Crown;

() is a member of any police force maintained by a police authority;

(e) is a member of the legislature of any country or territory outside the Commonwealth; or

if) holds any office described in Part II or Part III of the said First Schedule.

(2) A person who for the time being holds any office described in Part IV of the said First Schedule is disqualified for membership of the House of Commons for any constituency specified in relation to that office in the second column of the said Part IV.

(3) In this section the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say: —

" civil service of the Crown " includes the civil service of Northern Ireland, Her Majesty’s Foreign Service and Her Majesty’s Overseas Civil Service;

82

Ch. 20

House of Commons

Disqualification Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Ministerial

offices.

" police authority " means a police authority as defined for the purposes of the Police Pensions Act, 1948, or the Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland; and " member " in relation to a police force means a person employed as a full-time constable;

"regular armed forces of the Crown" means the Royal Navy, the regular forces as defined by section two hundred and twenty-five of the Army Act, 1955, the regular air force as defined by section two hundred and twenty-three of the Air Force Act, 1955, the Women’s Royal Naval Service, Queen Alexandra’s Royal Naval Nursing Service and Voluntary Aid Detachments serving with the Royal Navy.

(4) Except as provided by this Act, a person shall not be disqualified for membership of the House of Commons by reason of his holding an office or place of profit under the Crown or any other office or place; and a person shall not be disqualified for appointment to or for holding any office or place by reason of his being a member of that House.

2.—(1) Not more than the following numbers of persons being the holders of offices specified in the Second Schedule to this Act (in this section referred to as Ministerial offices) shall be entitled to sit and vote in the House of Commons at any one time, that is to say—

(a) seventy persons in all;

(b) twenty-seven persons being the holders of offices speci-

fied in Part I of the said Schedule.

(2) If at any time the number of members of the House of Commons who are holders of Ministerial offices, or of Ministerial offices of any class, exceeds the greatest number entitled to sit and vote in that House under the foregoing provisions of this section, none except any who were both members of that House and holders of Ministerial offices, or of Ministerial offices of the relevant class, as the case may be, before the excess occurred shall sit or vote therein until die number has been reduced, by death, resignation or otherwise, to the greatest number entitled to sit and vote as aforesaid.

(3) In paragraph () of subsection (3) of section one of the Ministers of the Crown (Transfer of Functions) Act, 1946 (which enables an Order in Council under that section to make consequential modifications of enactments described in that paragraph) the reference to enactments regulating the number of office holders who may be elected, and sit and vote, as members of the House of Commons shall be construed as a reference to this section and the Second Schedule to this Act; and the reference in section two of that Act to such enactments as are mentioned in the said paragraph id) shall be construed accordingly.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

83

(4) A person holding a Ministerial office is not disqualified by this Act by reason of any office held by him ex officio as the bolder of that Ministerial office.

3. —(1) Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of Reserve and section one of this Act, a person being an officer on the retired auxiliary

or emergency list of any of the regular armed forces of the ctc-Crown, or holding an emergency commission in any of those forces, or belonging to any reserve of officers of any of those forces, is not disqualified as a member of those forces.

(2) Notwithstanding the said paragraph (c), a naval, army, marine or air force pensioner who is recalled for service for which he is liable as such is not disqualified as a member of the regular armed forces of the Crown.

(3) A person is not disqualified under the said paragraph (c) by reason of his being an Admiral of the Fleet, a Field Marshal or a Marshal of the Royal Air Force, if he does not for the time being hold an appointment in the naval, military or air force service of the Crown.

(4) A person is not disqualified under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act by reason of his being a member of the Royal Observer Corps unless he is employed as such for the whole of his time.

4. For the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to Stewardship the vacation of the seat of a member of the House of Commons of Chiltern who becomes disqualified by this Act for membership of that Hundreds, etc. House, the office of steward or bailiff of Her Majesty’s three

Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough and Burnham, or of the Manor of Northstead, shall be treated as included among the offices described in Part III of the First Schedule to this Act

5. —(1) If at any time it is resolved by the House of Commons Provision for that the First Schedule to this Act be amended, whether by the a5^JDent addition or omission of any office or the removal of any office s^heduk from one Part of the Schedule to another, or by altering the description of any office specified therein. Her Majesty may by

Order in Council amend that Schedule accordingly.

(2) A copy of the First Schedule to this Act as from time to time amended by Order in Council under this section or by or under any other enactment shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments and deposited with the rolls of Parliament; and in all copies of this Act thereafter to be printed by Her Majesty’s printer the said Schedule shall be printed in accordance with the copy so certified.

84

Effects of disqualification and provision for relief.

Jurisdiction of Privy Council as to disqualification.

Ch. 20 House of Commons 5 & 6 2

Disqualification Act, 1957

6. —(1) Subject to any order made by the House of Commons under the following provisions of this section,—

(a) if any person disqualified by this Act for membership of

the House of Commons, or for membership of that House for a particular constituency, is elected as a member of that House, or as a member for that constituency, as the case may be, his election shall be void; and

(b) if any person being a member of that House becomes disqualified by this Act for membership of that House, or for membership for the constituency for which he is sitting, his seat shall be vacated.

(2) If in a case falling or alleged to fall within the foregoing subsection it appears to the House of Commons that the grounds of disqualification or alleged disqualification under this Act which subsisted or arose at the material time have been removed, and that it is otherwise proper so to do, the House may by order direct that any such disqualification incurred on those grounds at that time shall be disregarded for the purposes of this section:

Provided that no such order shall affect the proceedings on any election petition or any determination of an election court, and this subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of subsection (5) of section one hundred and twenty-four of the Representation of the People Act, 1949 (which relates to the making of an order by the House of Commons when informed of a certificate and any report of an election court).

(3) In any case where, apart from this provision, the Speaker of the House of Commons would be required to issue during a recess of that House a warrant for a new writ for election of a member of that House in the room of a member becoming disqualified by this Act, he may, if it appears to him that an opportunity should be given to the House to consider the making of an order under subsection (2) of this section, defer the issue of his warrant pending the determination of the House.

7. —(1) Any person who claims that a person purporting to be a member of the House of Commons is disqualified by this Act, or has been so disqualified at any time since his election, may apply to Her Majesty in Council, in accordance with such rules as Her Majesty in Council may prescribe, for a declaration to that effect.

(2) Section three of the Judicial Committee Act, 1833 (which provides for the reference to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council of appeals to Her Majesty in Council) shall apply to any application under this section as it applies to an appeal to Her Majesty in Council from a court.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

85

(3) Upon any such application the person in respect of whom the application is made shall be the respondent; and the applicant shall give such security for the costs of the proceedings, not exceeding two hundred pounds, as the Judicial Committee may direct

(4) For the purpose of determining any issue of fact arising on an application under this section the Judicial Committee may direct the issue to be tried—

(a) if the constituency for which the respondent purports to

be member is in England or Wales, in the High Court;

(b) if that constituency is in Scotland, in the Court of

Session;

(c) if that constituency is in Northern Ireland, in the High

Court in Northern Ireland;

and the decision of that Court shall be final.

(5) Subject as hereinafter provided, a declaration may be made in respect of any person- under this section whether the grounds of the alleged disqualification subsisted at the time of his election or arose subsequently:

Provided that no such declaration shall be made—

(a) in the case of disqualification incurred by any person

on grounds which subsisted at the time of his election, if an election petition is pending or has been tried in which his disqualification on those grounds is or was in issue;

(b) in the case of disqualification incurred by any person

on any grounds, if an order has been made by the House of Commons under subsection (2) of section six of this Act directing that any disqualification incurred by him on those grounds shall be disregarded for the purposes of that section.

8. —(1) No person being a member of the House of Commons, or for the time being nominated as a candidate for election to that House, shall be required to accept any office or place by virtue of which he would be disqualified by this Act for membership of that House, or for membership of that House for the constituency for which he is sitting or is a candidate.

(2) This section does not affect any obligation to serve in the armed forces of the Crown, whether imposed by an enactment or otherwise.

9. A person shall not be disqualified for membership of the House of Commons by reason of his having any pension from the Crown or by reason of any such contract, agreement or commission for or on account of the public service as is

Relaxation of obligation to accept office.

Repeal of disqualification of Crown pensioners and Crown contractors.

86

Provisions relating to Parliament of Northern Ireland.

Amendment of Parliamentary Elections Rules.

Temporary

provisions.

Ch. 20 House of Commons 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Disqualification , 1957

described in the House of Commons Disqualification (Declaration of Law) Act, 1931.

10. —(1) The foregoing provisions of this Act (except sections two and four but including the First Schedule) shall apply in relation to the Senate and the House of Commons of Northern Ireland, subject to the modifications specified in the Third Schedule to this Act, as they apply in relation to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, and references in those provisions to the House of Commons shall be construed accordingly.

(2) In relation to the foregoing provisions of this Act, including the said First Schedule, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect in substitution for subsection (2) of section eighteen of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920 (which provides for the application to the Senate and House of Commons of Northern Ireland of the law relating to the qualification and disqualification of members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom).

(3) The power of the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws shall include power to make provision for adding to the First Schedule to this Act as applied by this section any office or place constituted, or reorganised in respect of its nature, functions or remuneration, by or under any enactment of that Parliament passed after the commencement of this Act, and for repealing or amending any provision so made.

(4) It is hereby declared that the powers of the Senate and of the House of Commons of Northern Ireland under subsection (1) of section eighteen of the said Act of 1920 include power to declare that the seat of a member of the said Senate or House of Commons, as the case may be, is vacant on account of any disqualification incurred under this Act or under subsection (2) of the said section eighteen.

11. The Second Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1949 (which contains Parliamentary Elections Rules and Local Elections Rules) shall be amended by the addition at the end of Rule 9 of the Parliamentary Elections Rules of the following paragraph, that is to say—

44 (2) A candidate’s consent given under this rule shall contain a statement that he is aware of the provisions of the House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957, and that, to the best of his knowledge and belief, he is not disqualified for membership of the House of Commons."

12. So long as the Ministers of the Crown (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939, as applied by the Minister of National Service Order, 1939, continues in force by virtue of section

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

87

five of the Ministers of the Crown (Transfer of Functions)

Act, 1946, references in this Act to the Minister of Labour and the Ministry of Labour shall be construed as references to the Minister and the Ministry of Labour and National Service.

13. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the mean- Interpretation, ings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say: —

"enactment" includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland;

" Minister of State " means a member of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom appointed at a salary, who neither has charge of any public department nor holds any other of the offices specified in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment is a reference thereto as amended, and includes a reference thereto as extended or applied, by or under any subsequent enactment.

14. —(1) The enactments described in the Fourth Schedule Repeals, to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which preserves the effect of repealed enactments in respect of matters occurring before the repeal), shall not apply—

(a) in relation to any disability for membership of the

House of Commons or of the Senate or House of Commons of Northern Ireland incurred under any enactment repealed by this Act; or

(b) in relation to any penalty incurred under any such

enactment,

which has not been enforced or recovered before the commencement of this Act; and no person who, immediately before the commencement of this Act, is a member of the House of Commons or of the Senate or House of Commons of Northern Ireland shall be disqualified under this Act until the dissolution of the present Parliament of the United Kingdom, or of the present Parliament of Northern Ireland, as the case may be, by reason of his continuing to hold any office or place held by him at the commencement of this Act, being an office or place by virtue of which he was not subject to any such disability as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as affecting the enactments relating to the disqualification for membership of the House of Commons and of the Senate and House of Commons of Northern Ireland of priests in holy orders or ministers of any religious denomination.

15. This Act may be cited as the House of Commons Short title. Disqualification Act, 1957.

88

Ch. 20

House of Commons 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Disqualification Act, 1957

SCHEDULES

Sections 1, 4.5,10.

FIRST SCHEDULE

OFFICES DISQUALIFYING FOR MEMBERSHIP

Part I

JUDICIAL OFFICES

Judge of the High Court of Justice or Court of Appeal.

Judge of the Court of Session.

Judge of the High Court of Justice or Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland.

Commissioner exercising jurisdiction under section seventy of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, or section one of the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1956.

Judge of the Courts-Martial Appeal Court

Vice-Chancellor of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Chancellor of the County Palatine of Durham.

Chairman of the Scottish Land Court.

Recorder of London.

Recorder of Liverpool.

Recorder of Manchester.

Common Serjeant.

Assistant or Additional Judge of the Mayor’s and City of London Court.

Judge of a County Court in England and Wales, Temporary Judge of such a Court or Deputy Judge of such a Court appointed by the Lord Chancellor or the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster or acting with the approval of the Lord Chancellor under paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section eleven of the County Courts Act, 1934.

Sheriff, Salaried Sheriff Substitute or Interim Sheriff Substitute appointed under the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907.

County Court Judge or Temporary County Court Judge in Northern Ireland within the meaning of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, or the deputy of such a Judge.

Presiding Judge of the Liverpool Court of Passage.

Judge of the Salford Hundred Court of Record.

Chairman or paid Deputy Chairman of London Quarter Sessions.

Chairman or paid Deputy Chairman of a court of quarter sessions for the county in Lancashire.

Stipendiary Magistrate within the meaning of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949.

Stipendiary Magistrate in Scotland.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

89

Resident Magistrate appointed under the Summary Jurisdiction and 1st Sch. Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland), 1935. —com.

Official Referee to the Supreme Court.

Industrial Injuries Commissioner or Deputy Industrial Injuries Commissioner.

National Insurance Commissioner or Deputy National Insurance Commissioner.

Umpire or Deputy Umpire appointed for any of the purposes of the National Insurance Acts (Northern Ireland), 1946, or for the purposes of the Family Allowances Act (Northern Ireland), 1945, or the Old Age Pensions Act (Northern Ireland), 1936.

Umpire or Deputy Umpire appointed for the purposes of section forty-three of the National Service Act, 1948.

Part II

COMMISSIONS, TRIBUNALS AND OTHER BODIES OF WHICH ALL MEMBERS ARE DISQUALIFIED

The Agricultural Land Commission and the Welsh Agricultural Laud Sub-Commission.

The Air Transport Advisory Council.

The Appellate Tribunal constituted under the provisions of the National Service Act, 1948, relating to conscientious objectors.

An Area Electricity Board in England and Wales.

An Area Gas Board.

An Area Railway Authority constituted under the British Transport Commission (Organization) Scheme Order, 1954.

The British European Airways Corporation.

The British Overseas Airways Corporation.

The British Transport Commission.

The Central Electricity Authority.

The Central Land Board.

The Civil Service Arbitration Tribunal.

A Colonial Currency Board.

The Colonial Development Corporation.

The Commonwealth Telecommunications Board.

The Crofters Commission.

The Crown Agents for Oversea Governments and Administrations.

The Crown Estate Commissioners.

The Development Commission established under the Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909.

A Development Corporation within the meaning of the New Towns Act. 1946.

A Development Council established under the Industrial Organisation and Development Act, 1947.

The Electricity Board for Northern Ireland.

90 Ch. 20 House of Commons 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Disqualification , 1957

1st Sch. An Executive constituted under section five of the Transport Act. —cont. 1947.

The Foreign Compensation Commission.

The Forestry Commission.

The Gas Council.

The General Board of Control for Scotland.

The Great Northern Railway Board constituted under the Great Northern Railway Act (Northern Ireland). 1953.

The Herring Industry Board.

An Independent Schools Tribunal constituted under the Sixth Schedule to the Education Act, 1944, or under the Fifth Schedule to the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946.

The Independent Television Authority.

An Industrial Court, including a court established in Northern Ireland.

The Industrial Injuries Advisory Council.

The Iron and Steel Board.

The Iron and Steel Holding and Realisation Agency.

The Lands Tribunal.

The Lands Tribunal for Scotland.

The Leather Industries Export Corporation.

A Medical Appeal Tribunal constituted for the purposes of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946, or the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act (Northern Ireland), 1946, including any panel constituted for the purposes of any such Tribunal.

A Medical Board or Pneumoconiosis Medical Board constituted for the purposes of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946, or the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act (Northern Ireland), 1946, including any panel constituted for the purposes of any such Board.

A Medical Practices Committee constituted under section thirty-four of the National Health Service Act, 1946, or section thirty-five of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947.

The Monopolies Commission.

The National Arbitration Tribunal (Northern Ireland).

The National Assistance Board.

The National Assistance Board for Northern Ireland.

A National Broadcasting Council.

The National Coal Board.

The National Dock Labour Board.

The National Film Finance Corporation.

The National Insurance Advisory Committee.

The National Research Development Corporation.

The North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board.

A Panel constituted for the purposes of the Industrial Disputes Tribunal under the Industrial Disputes Order. 1951.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

91

A Panel of Chairmen of Re-instatement Committees constituted under section forty-one of the National Service Act. 1948.

The Panel of Official Arbitrators constituted for the purposes of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act. 1919.

The Panel of Referees constituted for the purposes of section five of the Family Allowances Act, 1945.

The Panel of Referees constituted under section thirty-four of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910.

A Pensions Appeal Tribunal.

The Performing Right Tribunal.

The Research Council within the meaning of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research Act, 1956.

The Restrictive Practices Court.

The Scottish Land Court.

The Sites Commission constituted under the Industries Development Act (Northern Ireland), 1945.

The South of Scotland Electricity Board.

The Sugar Board.

The Tithe Redemption Commission.

The Traffic Commissioners for any area (including the commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area).

The Transport Tribunal.

The Tribunal established under Part II of the Wireless Telegraphy Act. 1949.

The Ulster Transport Authority.

The United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.

The University Grants Committee.

The War Damage Commission.

The War Office Teachers Selection Board.

The War Works Commission.

The White Fish Authority constituted under section one of the Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951, and the committee constituted under lection two of that Act.

Part in

OTHER DISQUALIFYING OFFICES

Accountant of Court appointed under section twenty-five of the Administration of Justice (Scotland) Act, 1933.

Accountant appointed by the Secretary of State under section Kventy-three of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946.

Agent in Great Britain of the Government of Northern Ireland.

Ambassador representing Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom.

Assessor of Public Undertakings (Scotland).

Attorney General of the Duchy of Lancaster.

1st Sch. —coixt

92

Ch. 20

House of Commons

Disqualification Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

— coti

Auditor of the Civil List.

Auditor of the Court of Session.

Boundary Commissioner or Assistant Boundary Commissioner appointed under Part I or Part II of the First Schedule to the House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949.

Chairman or Deputy Chairman of an Administrative Board constituted for the purposes of any scheme made under the Workmen’s Compensation (Supplementation) Act, 1951 or the Industrial Diseases (Benefit) Acts, 1951 and 1954.

Chairman or acting Chairman of an Agricultural Land Tribunal.

Chairman or Reserve Chairman of an Appeal Tribunal constituted under the Fifth Schedule to the National Assistance Act, 1948, or the Fourth Schedule to the National Assistance Act (Northern Ireland). 1948.

Chairman of the Cinematograph Films Council.

Chairman or Director General of the British Council.

Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Dental Estimates Board or member of that Board appointed at an annual salary.

Chairman or Reserve Chairman of a Local Tribunal or Local Appeal Tribunal constituted for the purposes of the National Insurance Act, 1946, the National Insurance Act (Northern Ireland) 1946. the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946, or the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act (Northern Ireland), 1946.

Chairman or Deputy Chairman of a Local Tribunal constituted under the provisions of the National Service Act, 1948, relating to conscientious objectors.

Chairman or Reserve Chairman of a Military Service (Hardship) Committee constituted under the Third Schedule to the National Service Act, 1948.

Chairman of the Mining Qualifications Board.

Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the National Parks Commission.

Chairman of the Racecourse Betting Control Board.

Chairman of the Scottish Dental Estimates Board or member of that Board appointed at an annual salary.

Chairman of the Technical Personnel Committee appointed by the Minister of Labour.

Charity Commissioner (paid). Assistant Charity Commissioner or Secretary of the Charity Commissioners.

Clerk of Assize.

Clerk of the Crown and Peace in Northern Ireland.

Clerk or other officer or servant of a Metropolitan Magistrate’s Court appointed under section five of the Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839.

Clerk of the Peace in Scotland.

Clerk or Assistant Clerk of Petty Sessions in Northern Ireland.

The Commissioner appointed by Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom under Article 3 of the Agreement confirmed by the Nauru Island Agreement Act, 1920.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

93

Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis.

Commissioner of the City of London Police.

Comptroller and Auditor General.

Comptroller and Auditor-General for Northern Ireland.

Constable, Lieutenant or Major of the Tower of London.

Correspondent appointed by the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

Counsel to the Secretary of State under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936.

Crown Solicitor in Northern Ireland.

Delegate for Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom to the Central Rhine Commission.

Director of the British Sugar Corporation Limited appointed by the Ministers as defined by section seventeen of the Sugar Act, 1956.

Director appointed at a salary by the Board of Trade of a trading or industrial estate company within the meaning of the Distribution of Industry Act, 1945, being a company which is party to any agreement made with the Board for the purposes of section one or section two of that Act.

Director of Cable and Wireless Limited.

Director of the Imperial Institute.

Director appointed at a salary of the National Institute of House-workers Limited.

Director nominated by the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation of David MacBrayne Limited.

Director appointed at a salary of Remploy Limited.

Distributor of Stamps appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the Stock Exchange at Manchester or Glasgow.

Election Commissioner.

Examiner or member of a board of interviewers appointed by the Civil Service Commissioners.

Examiner for entrance examination to, or member of a board of interviewers for entrance to, the civil service of Northern Ireland.

General Manager or Secretary of the Scottish Special Housing Association.

Chairman, Deputy Chairman or member of the Council of Management of the Scottish Special Housing Association, appointed at a salary.

Governor of the British Broadcasting Corporation.

Governor, Deputy Governor or Director of the Bank of England.

Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Secretary, or Captain of Invalids of Chelsea Hospital.

Governor, Medical Officer or other officer or member of the staff of a prison to which the Prison Act (Northern Ireland), 1953, applies.

High Commissioner representing Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

1st Sgh. —cont.

94

Ch. 20

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. Industrial Assurance Commissioner appointed under the Industrial — cont. Assurance Act (Northern Ireland), 1924.

Judge Advocate of the Fleet.

Judge Advocate General, Vice Judge Advocate General, Assistant Judge Advocate General or Deputy Judge Advocate.

Lecturer or teacher appointed by or on behalf of the Ministry of Education for Northern Ireland under section fifty-nine of the Education Act (Northern Ireland), 1947, in any training college or school run in connection with such a college.

Legal Adviser to the Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland.

Local government officers, the following—

Clerk or deputy clerk of the council of a county in England and Wales or of the council of an urban or rural district in England and Wales or Northern Ireland;

County clerk or depute county clerk of a county in Scotland;

Secretary or deputy secretary of the council of a county in Northern Ireland;

Clerk or depute clerk of a district council in Scotland;

Town clerk or deputy town clerk of the City of London, of a metropolitan borough, of a borough in England and Wales outside London or of a county borough or borough in Northern Ireland;

Town clerk or depute town clerk of a burgh in Scotland.

Lyon Clerk,

Lyon King of Arms.

Member of an Agricultural Marketing Board appointed by the Minister under section one of the Agricultural Marketing Act, 1949.

Member of an Agricultural Marketing Board appointed by the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland under section two o-f the Agricultural Marketing Act (Northern Ireland), 1933.

Member appointed by the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food of the Agricultural Wages Board for England and Wales or of an agricultural wages committee established under the Agricultural Wages Act, 1948, or chairman of such a committee.

Member appointed by the Secretary of State of the Scottish Agricultural Wages Board or of an agricultural wages committee established under the Agricultural Wages (Scotland) Act, 1949, or chairman of such a committee.

Member appointed by the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland of the Agricultural Wages Board for Northern Ireland.

Member of the Catering Wages Commission appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the First Schedule to the Catering Wages Act, 1943, Member of a Wages Board appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the Second Schedule to that Act or Chairman of a Committee appointed under paragraph 8 (1) ( ) of the said Second Schedule.

Member of a Wages Council or Central Co-ordinating Committee appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the First Schedule to the Wages Councils Act, 1945, or Member of a Commission of Inquiry appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the Second Schedule to that Act.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

95

Member of a Wages Council or Central Co-ordinating Committee 1st Sch. appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the First Schedule to the Wages —corn.

Councils Act (Northern Ireland), 1945, or Member of a Commission of Inquiry appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the Second Schedule to that Act.

Member of a panel of valuers appointed at an annual salary under section four of the Inland Revenue Regulation Act, 1890.

Minister of Northern Ireland or other officer in the Executive of Northern Ireland.

Officer of the Board of Referees appointed for the purposes of section two hundred and eighty-seven of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

Officer or servant employed under the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis or the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.

Officer or servant of the Crown Estate Commissioners.

Officer or other member of the County Court Service within the meaning of the County Offices and Courts Acts (Northern Ireland),

1925 and 1933.

Officer, clerk or servant appointed or employed by the Admiralty under section twenty of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865.

Officer of the Supreme Court within the meaning of sections one hundred and fifteen to one hundred and twenty of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Officer of or attached to the Supreme Court of Northern Ireland to whom section seventy-six of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1877 applies.

Official Arbitrator appointed under subsection (2) of section one of the Administrative Provisions Act (Northern Ireland) 1928.

Principal Clerk of Justiciary appointed under section twenty-five of the Administration of Justice (Scotland) Act, 1933.

Procurator fiscal or procurator fiscal depute appointed under the Sheriff Courts and Legal Officers (Scotland) Act, 1927.

Public Works Loan Commissioner.

Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.

Referee appointed under section one of the Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921, or member of the Panel constituted under section ten of the Finance Act, 1926.

Registrar of any district of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Registrar or Assistant Registrar appointed under section sixteen or section twenty-five of the County Courts Act, 1934.

Registrar or Assistant Registrar of Friendly Societies.

Registrar of the Privy Council.

Registrar of Restrictive Trading Agreements.

Secretary of the First Scottish National Housing Company or the Second Scottish National Housing Company.

Sheriff clerk or sheriff clerk depute.

Solicitor in Scotland to any department of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

96

Ch. 20

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. —cont.

Solicitor for the Scottish Hospital Service.

Speaker of the Senate or House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

Standing Counsel to any department of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

Standing Counsel to the Speaker of the Senate or House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

Substitution Officer of the Royal Air Force.

Superintendent registrar, registrar or registrar of marriages appointed under the Births, Deaths and Marriages Registration Act (Northern Ireland), 1956.

Technical Adviser to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

Temporary Commissioner appointed under paragraph 2 of the Second Schedule to the Tithe Act. 1936.

Under-Sheriff appointed under section one of the Sheriffs (Ireland) Act, 1920.

Part IV

PARTICULAR CONSTITUENCIES Constituency The Cities of London and Westminster.

OFFICES DISQUALIFYING FOR

Office

Her Majesty’s Commissioner of Lieutenancy in the City of London.

Her Majesty’s Lieutenant for a county in Great Britain.

Governor of the Isle of Wight

High Sheriff of a county in England and Wales.

Recorder of a municipal borough having a separate court of quarter sessions.

Chairman or deputy chairman appointed under the Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1938, of a court of quarter sessions.

Member of a County Agricultural Executive Committee, Sub-Committee or District Committee constituted under the Agriculture Act, 1947.

Member of an Agricultural Executive Committee or Sub-Committee constituted under the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948.

Any constituency comprising the whole or part of the area for which he is appointed.

The Isle of Wight

Any constituency comprising the whole or part of the area for which he is appointed.

Any constituency comprising the whole or part of the city or borough for which he is appointed.

Any constituency comprising (he whole or part of the area for which the court has jurisdiction.

Any constituency comprising the whole or part of the area for which the Executive Committee acts.

Any constituency comprising the whole or part of the area for which the Executive Committee acts.

1957 House of Commons Ch. 20

Disqualification , 1957

SECOND SCHEDULE

MINISTERIAL OFFICES

Part I

OFFICES WITHIN SECTION 2 (1) (b)

Prime Minister and First Lord of the Treasury.

Lord President of the Council.

Lord Privy Seal.

Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.

Paymaster General

Secretary of State.

Chancellor of the Exchequer.

First Lord of the Admiralty.

Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food.

Minister of Defence Minister of Education.

Minister of Health.

Minister of Housing and Local Government.

Minister of Labour.

Minister of Pensions and National Insurance.

Postmaster General.

Minister of Power.

Minister of Supply.

President of the Board of Trade.

Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation.

Minister of Works.

Minister of State.

Part H

OTHER OFFICES

Attorney General.

Lord Advocate.

Solicitor General.

Solicitor General for Scotland.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury.

Financial Secretary to the Treasury.

Economic Secretary to the Treasury.

Parliamentary Under Secretary of State.

Parliamentary and Financial Secretary to the Admiralty.

Civil Lord of the Admiralty.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food.

D

97

Sections 2,13.

98

Ch. 20

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

5J& 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. —cont.

Section 10.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Defence.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Education.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Health.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Housing and Local Government.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Labour.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Pensions and National Insurance.

Assistant Postmaster General.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Power.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Supply.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Board of Trade.

Secretary for Overseas Trade.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation.

Financial Secretary of the War Office.

Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Works.

Junior Lord of the Treasury.

Treasurer of Her Majesty’s Household.

Comptroller of Her Majesty’s Household.

Vice-Chamberlain of Her Majesty’s Household.

THIRD SCHEDULE

MODIFICATIONS OF THIS ACT IN RELATION TO SENATE AND HOUSE OF COMMONS OF NORTHERN IRELAND

Section 1.

Subsection (2) shall not apply.

Section 5.

In subsection (1), for the reference to the House of Commons there shall be substituted a reference to the Senate and House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

Section 6.

For section six there shall be substituted the following section: —

"6.—(1) Subject to any order made by the Senate of Northern Ireland under the following provisions of this section—

(a) if any person disqualified by this Act for membership

of the Senate of Northern Ireland is elected as a member of that House his election shall be void; and

(b) if any person being a member of the Senate of Northern Ireland becomes disqualified by this Act for membership of that House, his seat shall be vacated.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

99

(2) Subject to any order made by the House of Commons of Northern Ireland under the following provisions of this section—

(a) if any person disqualified by this Act for membership of the House of Commons of Northern Ireland, is elected as a member of that House, his election shall be void; and

(b) if any person being a member of the House of Commons of Northern Ireland becomes disqualified by this Act for membership of that House, his seat shall be vacated.

(3) If in a case falling or alleged to fall within the foregoing subsections it appears to the Senate or House of Commons of Northern Ireland, as the case may be, that the grounds of disqualification or alleged disqualification under this Act which subsisted or arose at the material time have been removed, and that it is otherwise proper so to do, that House may by order direct that any such disqualification incurred on those grounds at that time shall be disregarded for the purposes of this section:

Provided that no such order shall affect the proceedings on any election petition or any determination of an election court, and this subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of section thirteen of the Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868 (which relates to the making of an order by the said House of Commons when informed of a certificate and any report of an election court).

(4) In any case where, apart from this provision, the Speaker of the House of Commons of Northern Ireland would be required to hold during a recess of the Senate of Northern Ireland an election for a member of the Senate in the room of a member becoming disqualified by this Act, he may, if it appears to him after consultation with the Speaker of the Senate that an opportunity should be given to the Senate to consider the making of an order under subsection (3) of this section, defer the holding of the election pending the determination of the Senate.

(5) In any case where, apart from this provision, the Speaker of the House of Commons of Northern Ireland would be required to issue during a recess of that House a warrant for a new writ for election of a member of that House in the room of a member becoming disqualified by this Act, he may, if it appears to him that an opportunity should be given to that House to consider the making of an order under subsection (3) of this section, defer the issue of his warrant pending the determination.

(6) Subsections (1) and (3) of this section apply in relation to the Lord Mayor of Belfast and the Mayor of Londonderry as they apply in relation to a person elected as a member of the Senate of Northern Ireland."

Section 7.

Paragraphs (a) and (6) of subsection (4), and in paragraph (c) of that subsection the words " if that constituency is in Northern Ireland ", shall be omitted.

3rd Sch. —00/1/.

100

3rd Sch. —cont.

[. Schedule I, Part II]

Ch. 20 House of Commons 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Disqualification , 1957

At the end of the section there shall be added the following subsection—

"(6) This section applies in relation to the Lord Mayor of Belfast and the Mayor of Londonderry as it applies in relation to a person elected as a member of the Senate of Northern Ireland.*

First Schedule.

Part IV shall not apply and the following shall be substituted for Parts II and III: —

"PART II

COMMISSIONS, TRIBUNALS AND OTHER BODIES OF WHICH ALL MEMBERS ARE DISQUALIFIED

The Air Transport Advisory Council.

An Area Railway Authority constituted under the British Transport Commission (Organization) Scheme Order. 1954.

The British European Airways Corporation.

The British Overseas Airways Corporation.

The British Transport Commission.

The Colonial Development Corporation.

The Commonwealth Telecommunications Board.

The Crown Agents for Oversea Governments and Administrations.

The Crown Estate Commissioners.

The Electricity Board for Northern Ireland.

An Executive constituted under section five of the Transport Act. 1947.

The Foreign Compensation Commission.

The Great Northern Railway Board constituted under the Great Northern Railway Act (Northern Ireland) 1953.

The Herring Industry Board.

The Independent Television Authority.

An Industrial Court, including a court established in Great Britain.

The Industrial Injuries Advisory Council.

The Iron and Steel Board.

The Iron and Steel Holding and Realisation Agency.

The Lands Tribunal.

The Lands Tribunal for Scotland.

A Medical Appeal Tribunal constituted for the purposes of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act (Northern Ireland). 1946. including any panel constituted for the purposes of any such Tribunal.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

101

A Medical Board constituted for the purposes of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act (Northern Ireland), 1946, including any panel constituted for the purposes of any such Board.

The Monopolies Commission.

The National Arbitration Tribunal (Northern Ireland).

The National Assistance Board.

The National Assistance Board for Northern Ireland.

A National Broadcasting Council.

The National Coal Board.

The National Film Finance Corporation.

The National Insurance Advisory Committee.

The National Research Development Corporation.

The Northern Ireland Housing Trust.

A Panel constituted for the purposes of the Industrial Disputes Tribunal under the Industrial Disputes Order, 1951.

A panel of Chairmen of Re-instatement Committees constituted under section forty-one of the National Service Act, 1948.

The Panel of Official Arbitrators constituted for the purposes of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919.

The Panel of Referees constituted for the purposes of section five of the Family Allowances Act, 1945.

The Panel of Referees constituted under section thirty-four of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910.

A Pensions Appeal Tribunal.

The Performing Right Tribunal.

The Research Council within the meaning of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research Act, 1956.

The Restrictive Practices Court.

The Scottish Land Court.

The Sites Commission constituted under the Industries Development Act (Northern Ireland), 1945.

The Sugar Board.

The Transport Tribunal.

The Transport Tribunal for Northern Ireland.

The Tribunal established under Part II of the Wireless Telegraphy Act. 1949.

The Ulster Transport Authority.

The United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.

The University Grants Committee.

The War Damage Commission.

The War Office Teachers Selection Board.

The War Works Commission.

The White Fish Authority constituted under section one of the Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951, and the committee constituted under section two of that Act.

3rd Sch. —cont.

G Schedule Part II—cont.]

102

Ch. 20

House of Commons

Disqualification Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch.

—cont.

ISchedule Part III]

Part III

OTHER DISQUALIFYING OFFICES

Agent in Great Britain of the Government of Northern Ireland.

Ambassador representing Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

Arbitrator or other person appointed to hear a dispute under any of the following enactments—

The Drainage Act (Northern Ireland), 1929;

The Drainage Act (Northern Ireland), 1947;

Section eighteen of the Roads Act (Northern Ireland). 1948.

Auditor of the Civil List.

Boundary Commissioner or Assistant Boundary Commissioner appointed under Part I or Part II_of the First Schedule to the House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949.

Chairman or Reserve Chairman of an Appeal Tribunal constituted under the Fourth Schedule to the National Assistance Act (Northern Ireland), 1948.

Chairman of the Cinematograph Films Council.

Chairman of the Joint Electricity Committee constituted under the Electricity (Supply) Act (Northern Ireland), 1948.

Chairman of the Northern Ireland Tourist Board.

Chairman or Director General of the British Council.

Chairman or Reserve Chairman of a Local Tribunal or Local Appeal Tribunal constituted for the purposes of the National Insurance Act (Northern Ireland), 1946, or the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act (Northern Ireland), 1946.

Chairman or member appointed by the Ministry of Labour and National Insurance for Northern Ireland of the Northern Ireland Joint Advisory Board for Local Authorities* Administrative, Professional, Technical and Clerical Services.

Clerk of Assize.

Clerk of the Crown and Peace in Northern Ireland.

Clerk or Assistant Clerk of Petty Sessions in Northern Ireland.

Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis.

Commissioner of the City of London Police.

Comptroller and Auditor General.

Comptroller and Auditor-General for Northern Ireland.

Correspondent appointed by the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

Crown Solicitor in Northern Ireland.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

103

Director of the British Sugar Corporation Limited appointed by 3rd Sch. the Ministers as defined by section seventeen of the Sugar Act, 1956. —cont.

Director appointed at a salary by the Board of Trade of a trading U

or industrial estate company within the meaning of the Distribution 111 con, l of Industry Act, 1945, being a company which is party to any agreement made with the Board for the purposes of section one or section two of that Act.

Director of Cable and Wireless Limited.

Director or receiver appointed by the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland of any company.

Election Commissioner.

Examiner or member of a board of interviewers appointed by the Civil Service Commissioners.

Examiner for entrance examination to, or member of a board of interviewers for entrance to, the Civil Service of Northern Ireland.

Governor of the British Broadcasting Corporation.

Governor, Deputy Governor or Director of the Bank of England.

Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Secretary, or Captain of Invalids of Chelsea Hospital.

Governor, Medical Officer or other officer or member of the staff of a prison to which the Prison Act (Northern Ireland), 1953 applies.

High Commissioner representing Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom.

Independent person appointed for the purposes of an appeal under section two of the Planning (Interim Development) Act (Northern Ireland). 1944.

Industrial Assurance Commissioner appointed under the Industrial Assurance Act (Northern Ireland), 1924.

Inspector appointed in Northern Ireland under section ten of the Alkali, Ac. Works Regulation Act, 1906.

Judge Advocate of the Fleet.

Judge Advocate General, Vice Judge Advocate General, Assistant Judge Advocate General or Deputy Judge Advocate.

Lecturer or teacher appointed by or on behalf of the Ministry of Education for Northern Ireland under section fifty-nine of the Education Act (Northern Ireland), 1947, in any training college or school run in connection with such a college.

Legal Adviser to the Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland.

Local government officers, the following—

Clerk or deputy clerk of the council of a county in England and Wales or of the council of an urban or rural district in England and Wales or Northern Ireland;

County cleric or depute county clerk of a county in Scotland;

104

Ch. 20

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Secretary or deputy secretary of the council of a county in Northern Ireland;

Clerk or depute clerk of a district council in Scotland;

Town clerk or deputy town clerk of the City of London, of a metropolitan borough, of a borough in England and Wales outside London or of a county borough or borough in Northern Ireland;

Town clerk or depute town clerk of a burgh in Scotland.

Member of an Agricultural Marketing Board appointed by the Minister under section one of the Agricultural Marketing Act, 1949.

Member of an Agricultural Marketing Board appointed by the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland under section two of the Agricultural Marketing Act (Northern Ireland), 1933.

Member appointed by the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food of the Agricultural Wages Board for England and Wales or of an agricultural wages committee established under the Agricultural Wages Act, 1948, or chairman of such a committee.

Member appointed by the Secretary of State of the Scottish Agricultural Wages Board or of an Agricultural Wages Committee established under the Agricultural Wages (Scotland) Act, 1949, or chairman of such a committee.

Member appointed by the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland of the Agricultural Wages Board for Northern Ireland.

Member of the Catering Wages Commission appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the First Schedule to the Catering Wages Act, 1943, Member of a Wages Board appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the Second Schedule to that Act or Chairman of a Committee appointed under paragraph 8 (1) (a) of the said Second Schedule.

Member of a Wages Council or Central Co-ordinating Committee appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the First Schedule to the Wages Councils Act, 1945, or Member of a Commission of Inquiry appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the Second Schedule to that Act.

Member of a Wages Council or Central Co-ordinating Committee appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the First Schedule to the Wages Councils Act (Northern Ireland), 1945, or Member of a Commission of Inquiry appointed under paragraph 1 (a) of the Second Schedule to that Act.

Member of a panel of valuers appointed at an annual salary under section four of the Inland Revenue Regulation Act, 1890.

Officer of the Board of Referees appointed for the purposes of section two hundred and eighty-seven of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

Officer or servant employed under the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis or the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.

Officer or other member of the County Court Service within the meaning of the County Offices and Courts Acts (Northern Ireland), 1925 and 1933.

Officer or servant of the Crown Estate Commissioners.

3rd Sch.

— co. {Schedule I, Part III—com.]

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

105

Officer of the Supreme Court within the meaning of sections one hundred and fifteen to one hundred and twenty of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Officer of or attached to the Supreme Court of Northern Ireland to whom section seventy-six of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1877, applies.

Official Arbitrator appointed under subsection (2) of section one of the Administrative Provisions Act (Northern Ireland), 1928.

Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.

Referee appointed under section one of the Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921, or member of the Panel constituted under section ten of the Finance Act, 1926.

Registrar or Assistant Registrar appointed under section sixteen or section twenty-five of the County Courts Act, 1934.

Registrar or Assistant Registrar of Friendly Societies.

Registrar of the Privy Council.

Registrar of Restrictive Trading Agreements.

Standing Counsel to any department of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

Standing Counsel to the Speaker of the Senate or House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

Substitution Officer of the Royal Air Force.

Superintendent registrar, registrar or registrar of marriages appointed under the Births, Deaths and Marriages Registration Act (Northern Ireland), 1956.

Teacher in a grant-aided school or institution in Northern Ireland.

Technical Adviser to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

Under-sheriff appointed under section one of the Sheriffs (Ireland) Act, 1920."

D*

3rd Sch.

—cont. [Schedule 1, Part III—cont.]

106

Ch. 20

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 14.

FOURTH SCHEDULE Enactments repealed Part I

ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF ENGLAND, OF GREAT BRITAIN AND OF THE UNITED KINGDOM

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

5 Will. & Mar. c. 7. The House of Commons (Disqualification) Act, 1693. The whole Act.

12 & 13 Will. 3. c. 10. An Act for granting an aid to His Majesty for defraying the expence of his navy, guards, and garrisons for one year, and for other necessary occasions. The whole Act.

6 Anne c. 41 The Succession to the Crown Act, 1707. Sections twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-seven and twenty-eight and section twenty-nine so far as it relates to disqualification under any enactment repealed by this Act.

1 Geo. 1. St. 2. c. 56. The Crown Pensioners Disqualification Act, 1715. The whole Act.

7 Geo. 2. c. 16 The Parliamentary Elections (Scotland) Act, 1733. The whole Act.

15 Geo. 2. c. 22. The House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1741. The whole Act.

22 Geo. 3. c. 45. The House of Commons (Disqualification) Act, 1782. The whole Act.

22 Geo. 3. c. 82. The Civil List and Secret Service Money Act, 1782. Sections two and thirty.

41 Geo. 3. The House of Commons Sections one to three, so

c. 52. (Disqualifications) Act, 1801. far as they relate to disqualification under any enactment repealed by this Act, and sections four to eight

42 Geo. 3. The Land Tax Redemption Section one hundred and

c. 116. Act, 1802. eighty-five.

56 Geo. 3. The Civil List Audit Act, In section eight, the words

c. 46. 1816. from " and the said officer, during " to the end of the section.

57 Geo. 3. c. 64. The Public Offices (Scotland) Act, 1817. Section fifteen.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 44. The House of Commons Disqualifications Act, 1821. The whole Act

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 53. The Excise Management Act, 1827. The whole Act

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 65. The Admiralty Act, 1827. Section five.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1829. Section eighteen.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

107

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

2 A 3 WilL 4. c. 65. The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1832. Section thirty-six.

2 A 3 WilL 4. c. 87. The Registry of Deeds (Ireland) Act, 1832. Section thirty-six.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 35. The Paymaster General Act, 1835. Section five.

6 A 7 Will. 4. c. 13. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1836. Section eighteen.

2 & 3 Vict, c. 15. The Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Act, 1839. Section four.

2 & 3 Vict. An Act for Regulating the In section seven, the words

c.xdv. Police in the City of London. from " shall be incapable " to "Commons, and".

13 & 14 Vict, c. 94. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1850. Section three.

14 & 15 Vict. c.42. The Crown Lands Act, 1851. Section ten.

14 & 15 Vict. The Civil Bill Courts In section two, the words

c. 57. (Ireland) Act, 1851. from " Provided also " to the end of the section.

15 & 16 Vict. The Election Commission- In section one, the words

c. 57. ers Act, 1852. " being Members of Parliament, or".

16 & 17 Vict, c. 137. The Charitable Trusts Act, 1853. Section five.

19 & 20 Vict. c.2. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1856. Section nine.

29 & 30 Vict. The Exchequer and Audit In section three, the words

c. 39. Departments Act, 1866. from " nor shall they " to " Commons *\

32 & 33 Vict. c. 15. The Pensioners Civil Disabilities Relief Act, 1869. The whole Act.

33 & 34 Vict, c. 10. The Coinage Act, 1870. In section fourteen, the words from " Provided that " to " Commons ".

33 & 34 Vict, c. 17. The War Office Act, 1870. In section two, the words from " and such offioer ’* to the end of the section.

37 & 38 Vict, c. 80. The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1874. Section ten.

40 & 41 Vict. The Supreme Court of Judi- In section thirteen, the words

c. 57. cature Act, (Ireland) 1877. " No Judge of either of the said Courts shall be capable of being elected to or of sitting in the House of Commons ".

41 & 42 Vict, c. Iv. The Manchester Division and Borough of Salford (Stipendiary Justices) Act, 1878. Section forty-six. D* 2

4th Sgh. —coni.

108

Ch. 20

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

45 & 46 Vict. The Municipal Corporations In section ninety-two, in sub-

c. 50. Act, 1882. section (2), the words " is a Member of the Commons House of Parliament, or ". In section one hundred and sixty-three, in subsection (6), the words "serve in Parliament for the borough, or", and the words from " but he " to the end of the subsection.

51 & 52 Vict. The Local Government Act, In section forty-two, in sub-

c. 41. 1888. section (4), the words " during his office, be eligible to serve in Parliament, and shall not In section eighty-three, paragraph (13).

61 & 62 Vict. The Local Government In section eighty-three, sub-

c. 37. (Ireland) Act, 1898. section (10).

62 & 63 Vict. The South Staffordshire In section fifteen, subsection

c. xc. Stipendiary Justice Act, 1899. (4).

7 Edw. 7. c. 9. The Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907. In section twenty-three, as originally enacted and as applied by the Auxiliary Air Force Order, 1924, subsection (1). Section thirty-six, as originally enacted and as applied by the Air Force Reserve Order, 1924.

7 Edw. 7. c. 51. The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907. In section twenty-one, the words " and no sheriff or salaried sheriff-substitute shall be capable of being elected or of sitting or voting as a member of the House of Commons *.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. C. 59. The Bankruptcy Act, 1914. In section one hundred and twenty, subsection (1).

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 91. The Welsh Church Act, 1914. In section ten, subsection (8).

5 & 6 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1914 In section fourteen, sub-

c. 7. (Session 2). section (2).

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 55. The War Loan Act, 1915. In section one, in subsection (2), the words " (2) and ", in the second place where those words occur.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 24. The Finance Act, 1916. In section fifty-eight, in subsection (2), the words " (2) and ", in the second place where those words occur.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

109

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

6*7 Geo. 5. The War Loan Act, 1916. In section one, in subsection

c. 67. (2), the words " (2) and ",

7 & 8 Geo. 5. The War Loan Act, 1917. in the second place where those words occur. In section one, in subsection

a 41. (2), the words " (2) and ",

7 & 8 Geo. 5. The Air Force (Constitu- in the second place where those words occur. In section four, the words

c. 51. tion) Act, 1917. from " and the acceptance "

8 & 9 Geo. . The War Loan Act, 1918. to the end of the section. In section one, in subsection

c. 25. (2), the words " (2) and ",

9 A 10 Geo. 5. The Re-election of Ministers in the second place where those words occur. The whole Act.

c.2. Act, 1919.

9 A 10 Geo. 5. The War Loan Act, 1919. In section one, in subsection

c. 37. (4), the words " (2) and ".

10 A11 Geo. 5. The Government of Ireland In section eighteen, sub-

c. 67. Act, 1920. section (2) so far as it

10 A11 Geo. 5. The Pontypridd Stipendiary applies to sections one to nine of this Act; and subsection (7). In section five, the words

c. bcxxvi. Magistrate Act, 1920. from " and shall not " to

12 A13 Geo. 5. The Law of Property Act, the end of the section. Section one hundred and

c. 16. 1922. forty-two A.

13 A14 Geo. 5. The Forestry (Transfer of In section five, subsection

c. 21. Woods) Act, 1923. (2).

15 A16 Geo. 5. The Law of Property Act, In the Second Schedule,

c.5. (Amendment) Act, 1924. paragraph 1.

15 A16 Geo. 5. The Supreme Court of Judi- In section twelve, subsection

c. 49. cature (Consolidation) (2).

18 A19 Geo. 5. Act, 1925. The Administration of In section fourteen, in sub-

c. 26. Justice Act, 1928. section (1), paragraph (/).

20A21 Geo. 5. The Road Traffic Act, 1930. In section sixty-three, sub-

c. 43. section (12).

21A 22 Geo. 5. The House of Commons The whole Act.

c. 13. Disqualification (Declara-

24 A 25 Geo. 5. tion of Law) Act, 1931. The County Courts Act, In section six, paragraph (a).

c. 53. 1934.

25 A 26 Geo. 5. The House of Commons The whole Act.

c. 38. Disqualification (Declara-

26 Geo. 5. A tion of Law) Act, 1935. The Tithe Act, 1936. In the Second Schedule,

1 Edw. 8. paragraph 4.

c.43.

1 Edw. 8. A The East India Loans Section eleven.

1 Geo. 6. Act, 1937.

c. 14.

1 Edw. 8. A The Ministers of the Crown Section nine.

1 Geo. 6. Act, 1937.

c. 38.

4th Sch —com.

110

Ch. 20

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 Edw. 8. & The Livestock Industry Act, In the First Schedule, para-

1 Geo. 6. c. 50. 1937. graph 4.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Ministry of Supply Act, In section one, in subsection

c. 38. 1939. (3), paragraph (c).

2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Ministers of the In section one (so far as in

c. 77. Crown (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939. force by virtue of section five of the Ministers of the Crown (Transfer of Functions) Act, 1946), subsections (2) and (3).

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 23. The Minister of Works Act, 1942. Section four.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 5. The Minister of Town and Country Planning Act, 1943. Section four.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. The War Damage Act, In the First Schedule, para-

c. 21. 1943. graph 3.

6 & 7 Geo. o. The Hydro-Electric In the First Schedule, para-

c. 32. Development (Scotland) Act, 1943. graph 2.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 46. The Ministry of National Insurance Act, 1944. Section four.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 19. The Ministry of Fuel and Power Act, 1945. Section four.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 35. The Forestry Act, 1945. In section one, subsection (3).

8 & 9 Geo. 6. The Requisitioned Land In section one, subsection

c. 43. and War Works Act, 1945. (4).

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Bank of England Act, In the Second Schedule, in

c. 27. 1946. paragraph 4, the words " a Member of the Commons House of Parliament or *.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Coal Industry National- In section two, subsection

c. 59. isation Act, 1946. (4).

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The National Insurance Act, In the Fifth Schedule, para-

c. 67. 1946. graph 3.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The National Health Ser- In the Third Schedule, in

c. 81. vice Act, 1946. Part IV, paragraph 4. In the Fifth Schedule, paragraph 6.

10 All Geo.6. c. 2. The Ministry of Defence Act, 1946. Section four.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Cotton (Centralised In section five, subsection

c. 26. Buying) Act, 1947. (5).

10 & 11 Geo. 6. The National Health Ser- In the Second Schedule,

c. 27. vice (Scotland) Act, 1947. paragraph 6. In the Fourth Schedule, in Part IV, paragraph 4. In the Sixth Schedule, paragraph 7.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 48. The Agriculture Act, 1947. In the Ninth Schedule, in paragraph 19, sub-paragraph (1).

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

111

Session and Chapter

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 49.

10 A11 Geo. 6. c. 54.

11 A12 Geo. 6.

c. 15.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.

c. 29.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.

c.45.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.

c. 60.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 67.

12. 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 20.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 66.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6.C.68.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 90.

Short Title The Transport Act, 1947.

The Electricity Act, 1947.

The Overseas Resources Development Act, 1948. The National Assistance Act, 1948.

The Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948.

The Development of Inventions Act, 1948.

The Gas Act, 1948.

The Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1949.

The House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act. 1949.

The Representation of the People Act, 1949.

The Election Commissioners Act, 1949.

Extent of Repeal

In section one, subsection

(4).

In section six, subsection (5). In the Second Schedule, in paragraph 2, sub-para-graph (3).

In section three, subsection

(4) .

In section seven, subsection

(3).

In the Schedule, paragraph 2.

In the First Schedule, paragraph 3.

In the Eighth Schedule, in Part I, paragraph 7.

In the Schedule, paragraph 2.

In section five, subsection

(5) .

In section nine, subsection

(3).

In the Schedule, paragraph 2.

In the First Schedule, in Part I, paragraph 7.

In section one hundred and fifteen, in subsection (2), the words44 or is a member of the Commons House of Parliament ".

In section one, in subsection (4), the words 44 be members of Parliament or".

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 91. 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 97.

14 Geo. 6. c. 12

14 & 15 Geo. 6.

c. 30.

14 & 15 Geo. 6.

c. 53.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 54.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 55.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 8.

The Air Corporations Act, 1949.

The National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act, 1949.

The Foreign Compensation Act, 1950.

The Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951.

The Midwives Act, 1951.

The Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1951.

The Nurses (Scotland) Act, 1951.

The Home Guard Act, 1951.

In the First Schedule, paragraph 4.

In section two, subsection

(8).

In section one, subsection

(4) .

In the First Schedule, paragraph 3.

In the First Schedule, paragraph 11.

In the First Schedule, paragraph 11.

Section eighteen.

In section one, subsection

(5) .

4th Sea —aw/.

L*

112

Ch. 20

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch —cent.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

15 & 16 Geo. 6. The Ministers Of the Crown In section one, subsection

& 1 Eliz. 2. c. 9. (Parliamentary Undersecretaries) Act, 1951. (2).

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 13. The Transport Act, 1953. In section two, subsection (6).

1 A 2 Eliz. 2. The Iron and Steel Act, In section two, subsection

c. 15. 1953. (5). In section eighteen, subsection (4).

2 St 3 Eliz. 2. c. 24. The Cotton Act, 1954. In section five, subsection (3), the words from 44 In this subsection " to the end of the subsection.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Atomic Energy In section one, subsection

c. 32. Authority Act, 1954. (5).

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 55. The Television Act, 1954. In section one, in subsection (6), the words 44 a member of the Commons House of Parliament, or of either House of the Parliament of Northern Ireland or *.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Landlord and Tenant In section sixty-two, sub-

c. 56. Act, 1954. section (2).

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. The Crofters (Scotland) In the First Schedule, para-

c. 21. Act, 1955. graph 3.

4 Eliz. 2. The Food and Drugs In section one hundred and

c. 16. Act, 1955. thirty-three, subsection (2).

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 29. The Dentists Act, 1956. In the First Schedule, paragraph 7.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Food and Drugs In section fifty-eight, subsec-

c. 30. (Scotland) Act, 1956. tion (4), the words from 44 In this subsection 44 to the end of the subsection.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Criminal Justice In section four, in subsection

c. 34. Administration Act, 1956. (3) paragraph (a).

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 48. The Sugar Act, 1956. In section two, subsection (5). In section thirty-three, in subsection (5), the words from 44 In this subsection44 to the end of the subsection.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 74. The Copyright Act, 1956. In section twenty-three, subsection (3).

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 76. The Medical Act, 1956. In section fifty-six, in subsection (3), the words from the beginning to 44 Northern Ireland44 (in the first place where those words occur). In the First Schedule, in paragraph 7, sub-paragraph (2).

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20

113

4th Sch.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

& 6 Eliz. 2. The Nurses Act, 1957. In the First Schedule, para-

c. 15. graph 14. In the Second Schedule, paragraph 7.

In the Third Schedule, paragraph 11. In the Fourth Schedule, paragraph 11.

Part n

ENACTMENTS OF THE PARLIAMENT OF IRELAND AND OF THE PARLIAMENT OF NORTHERN IRELAND

Session and Chapter Northern Irish Short Title Extent of Repeal

33 Geo. 3. The House of Commons The whole Act except section

c. 41. Disqualification Act six.

38 Geo. 3. (Ireland), 1793. The House of Commons The whole Act.

c. 36. 21 A 22 Geo. 5. Disqualification Act (Ireland), 1798. The Electricity (Supply) Act In section two, subsection (1).

c.9. 8 & 9 Geo. 6. (Northern Ireland), 1931. The Housing Act (Northern In section ten, subsection (3),

c. 2. Ireland), 1945. the words " a member of

10 A11 Geo. 6. The Education Act (North- either House of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, or is In section eighty-five, in

c. 3. ern Ireland), 1947. subsection (1) the words

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Health Services Act " the Parliament of Northern Ireland or of'* and the remainder of that subsection so far as it applies to members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. In the First Schedule Part I,

c. 3. (Northern Ireland), 1948. paragraph 12.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Development of Tourist In section one, subsection

c.4. Traffic Act (Northern (3).

12 & 13 Geo. 6. Ireland), 1948. The National Assistance In the First Schedule, para-

c. 13. Act (Northern Ireland), graph 3.

12A13 Geo. 6. 1948. The Transport Act (North- In section one, subsection

c. 16. ern Ireland), 1948. (5).

600

114

Ch. 20

House of Commons 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Disqualification Act, 1957

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Judicial Committee Act, 1833

Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1839

Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865

Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868

Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1877

Interpretation Act, 1889

Inland Revenue Regulation Act, 1890

Alkali, Ac. Works Regulation Act, 1906

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907

Development and Road Improvement Funds Act,

1909

Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910

3 A4 Will.4. c. 41.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 89.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 40 & 41 Vict. c. 57.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 21.

6 Edw. 7. c. 14.

7 Edw. 7. c. 51.

9 Edw. 7. c. 47.

10 Edw. 7. A 1 Geo.

c. 8.

5.

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919

Sheriffs (Ireland) Act, 1920

Nauru Island Agreement Act, 1920

Government of Ireland Act, 1920

Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act,

1925

Finance Act, 1926

Sheriff Courts and Legal Officers (Scotland) Act, 1927

9 A 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

10 A 11 Geo. 5. c. 26. 10 A 11 Geo. 5. c. 27.

10 A 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

11 A 12 Geo. 5. c. 47.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 49.

16 A 17 Geo. 5. c. 22.

17 A 18 Geo. 5. c. 35.

House of Commons Disqualification (Declaration

of Law) Act, 1931

Administration of Justice (Scotland) Act, 1933 ...

County Courts Act, 1934

Tithe Act, 1936

21 A 22 Geo. 5. c. 13.

23 A 24 Geo. 5. c. 41.

24 A 25 Geo. 5. c. 53. 26 Geo. 5 A 1 Edw. 8.

c. 43.

Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936

Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1938

Ministers of the Crown (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939

Catering Wages Act, 1943

Education Act, 1944

Wages Councils Act, 1945

Distribution of Industry Act, 1945

Family Allowances Act, 1945

Ministers of the Crown (Transfer of Functions)

Act, 1946

National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946

National Insurance Act, 1946

New Towns Act, 1946

Education (Scotland) Act, 1946

National Health Service Act, 1946

National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 ... Industrial Organisation and Development Act,

1947

Agriculture Act, 1947

Transport Act, 1947

Police Pensions Act, 1948

26 Geo. 5 A 1 Edw. 8. c. 52.

1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 63.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 77.

6 A 7 Geo. 6. c. 24.

7 A 8 Geo. 6. c. 31.

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 17.

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 36.

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 41.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 31.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 62.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 67.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 72.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c.81.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 27.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 40. 10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 48.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 49.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 24.

1957

House of Commons

Disqualification , 1957

Ch. 20, 21

115

Short Title

Session and Chapter

National Assistance Act, 1948

Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948

Agricultural Wages Act, 1948

National Service Act, 1948

Agricultural Wages (Scotland) Act, 1949

Agricultural Marketing Act, 1949

Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1949

House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act,

1949

Representation of the People Act, 1949

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 29. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 45. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 47. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 64.

12.13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 30.

12.13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 38.

12.13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 54.

12.13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 66.

12.13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 68. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

c. 101.

Workmen's Compensation (Supplementation)

Act, 1951

Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951

Income Tax Act, 1952

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 22.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 30.

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

Army Act, 1955

Air Force Act, 1955

Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1956

Sugar Act, 1956

Department of Scientific and Industrial Research Act, 1956

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 34. 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 58.

CHAPTER 21

Cinematograph Films , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Provisions relating to the Exhibitors* Levy

Section

1. The British Film Fund Agency.

2. Levy on exhibitors.

3. Payments by Agency to makers of British films.

4. Power of Commissioners of Customs and Excise and their officers to

obtain information.

5. Restriction on disclosure of information.

6. Temporary financial assistance by Board of Trade to Agency.

7. Accounts and audit.

8. Interpretation of Part I.

9. Expenses and receipts of Commissioners of Customs and Excise and

Board of Trade.

Part II

Amendments of Law relating to Functions and Finances of National Film Finance Corporation

10. Extension of time within which, and purposes for which, loans may be

made by Corporation.

11. Duty of Corporation to pay their way.

12. Power to give effect to arrangements for transfer of Corporation's

assets and liabilities to person providing alternative source of finance.

13. Dissolution of Corporation.

116

Ol 21

Cinematograph Films Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

The British Film Fund Agency.

Part in

Extension or Pduoo during which Exhibitors are OBLIGED UNDER THE ClNEMATOGRATH FILMS Ad. 1948, TO

show British Films and Increase of maximum Amounts of certain Fees payable under the Cinematograph Films

Act, 1938

Section

14. Extension of period during which exhibition of British films is

obligatory.

15. Increase of maximum amounts of certain fees.

Part IV Supplementary

16. Exercise of powers by Board of Trade.

17. Short title, citation, extent and repeal.

Schedule—Provisions relating to British Film Fund Agency.

An Act to provide for the imposition of a levy on exhibitors of cinematograph films and for the making from the proceeds thereof of payments to, or for the benefit of, makers of British cinematograph films and to the Children’s Film Foundation Limited; to amend the law relating to the functions and finances of the National Film Finance Corporation; to extend the period during which, under section one of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1948, the inclusion of British cinematograph films amongst registered films exhibited to the public in theatres in Great Britain is obligatory and increase the maximum amount of certain fees payable under the Cinematograph Films Act, 1938; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[17th April, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Provisions relating to the Exhibitors’ Levy 1.—(1) On such day as may be appointed for the purposes of this section by an order made by the Board of Trade by statutory instrument, there shall be established, in accordance with the provisions of this Act, a body corporate to be called the British Film Fund Agency (in this Act referred to as " the Agency ") the objects whereof shall be to make, out of the levy imposed on exhibitors in accordance with regulations made under section two of this Act,—

(a) such payments to, or for the benefit of, makers of British films as are authorised or required to be made by regulations made under section three of this Act; and

1957

Cinematograph Films , 1957

Ch. 21

117

(i b)with the approval of the Board of Trade, payments to p j the Children’s Film Foundation Limited. —cont.

(2) The members of the Agency shall be appointed by the Board of Trade, and the number thereof shall be such (not being less than three nor more than five) as the Board may from time to time determine.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Board of Trade to satisfy themselves, with respect to any person whom they propose to appoint to be a member of the Agency, that he has no such financial or industrial interest as is likely to affect him in the discharge of his functions.

(4) The provisions of the Schedule to this Act (which relate to the procedure of, and similar matters concerning, the Agency) shall have effect with respect to the Agency.

L—(1) It shall be the duty of the Board of Trade by regulations Levy on (made by statutory instrument) to provide for the imposition, exhibitors, upon exhibitors, of a levy in respect of each of ten successive periods of fifty-two weeks, of which the first shall begin not later than the twentieth day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

(2) Regulations under this section—

(a) shall provide for defining the classes of persons, being exhibitors, who are to be liable to the levy and may provide for the exemption of any exhibitors or classes of exhibitors;

(b) shall specify the rate of the levy or the method by which it is to be calculated and may make different provision in relation to different exhibitors or classes of exhibitors;

(c) shall contain provisions as to the times at which payments

shall be made in respect of the levy; and

() may make such incidental or consequential provision as may appear to the Board of Trade to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the regulations.

(3) The Board of Trade shall discharge the duty imposed on them by subsection (1) of this section in such manner as will secure—

(j) that the amount to be yielded by way of the levy in respect of the first period in respect of which it is imposed will, in their estimation, be approximately three million seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds;

(b) that the amount to be so yielded in respect of each such period after the first will, in their estimation, be neither less than two million pounds nor more than five million pounds;

and, in determining the amount referred to in paragraph (b) of

118

Ch. 21

Cinematograph Films Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I

—cont.

Payments by Agency to makers of British films.

this subsection, regard shall be paid to the prevailing economic circumstances of both exhibitors and makers of British films as well as the prevailing level of production of such films.

(4) The Commissioners of Customs and Excise shall be charged with the duty of collecting the levy, and they shall pay the proceeds thereof to the Agency after deduction of such sums as are necessary to defray the cost of collection.

(5) A sum due from any person in respect of the levy may be recovered by the Commissioners of Customs and Excise as a simple contract debt in any court of competent jurisdiction.

(6) When the Board of Trade propose to make regulations under this section, they shall, before making the regulations, consult with the Cinematograph Films Council.

(7) No regulations shall be made under this section unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

3.—(1) The Board of Trade shall by regulations (made by statutory instrument) provide for the making by the Agency to, or for the benefit of, makers of British films of such payments as may be determined by or under the regulations.

(2) Regulations under this section—

(a) shall define the classes of British films in respect of which

payments may be made;

(b) shall specify the rate of the payments or the method by

which they are to be calculated and may provide for different rates of payment or different methods of calculation in relation to different classes of films;

(c) shall contain provisions requiring the making of claims

for payment and the furnishing of information required for the determination thereof or of any question arising in connection therewith;

() shall prescribe the persons to whom the payments are to

be made by the Agency and may contain provisions requiring persons receiving the payments to hold them for specified persons or deal with them in a specified manner;

(e) shall provide for the making of provisional payments and the recovery of over-payments; and

(/) may make such incidental or consequential provision as may appear to the Board of Trade to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the regulations,

(3) When the Board of Trade propose to make regulations under this section, they shall, before making the regulations, consult with the Cinematograph Films Council.

(4) No regulations shall be made under this section unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

1957

Cinematograph Films , 1957

Ch. 21

119

4.—(1) The Commissioners of Customs and Excise shall Part I

have power, for the purpose of enabling them properly to perform —com.

their functions under this Part of this Act, by notice in writing Power of

served on an exhibitor, to require him— Commissioners

of Customs

(a) to furnish to such person as may be specified in the and Excise

notice such returns or other information as may be so and their specified; officers

(b) to keep such records as may be so specified; information.

and, for that purpose, any officer of theirs may at all reasonable hours enter any premises occupied for the purposes of his business by an exhibitor and may require him or any person employed by Him in connection with his business to produce for examination by the officer such books or other documents relating to the exhibitor’s business as the officer may specify.

(2) If any person on or to whom a notice or requisition is duly served or made under the foregoing subsection fails to comply with the notice or requisition, he shall, unless he proves that he had reasonable excuse for the failure, be guilty of an offence under this subsection and be liable, on summary conviction thereof, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(3) If any person in purported compliance with the requirements of a notice under subsection (1) of this section to furnish returns or other information makes a statement, or furnishes a document, which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes a statement, or furnishes a document, which is false in a material particular he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such a fine.

(4) An offence under this section may be tried by a court having jurisdiction either in the county or place in which the offence was actually committed or in any county or place in which the alleged offender resides or carries on business.

(5) For the purposes of section three hundred and one of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952 (which penalizes the delivery of false documents and the making of false statements to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise or their officers), the collection of the levy imposed by virtue of this Part of this Act shall be deemed not to be an assigned matter.

5.—(1) Returns or other information furnished in compliance Restriction on with a notice served under subsection (1) of the last foregoing disclosure of section and information obtained on an examination of books or hrformation* other documents produced in compliance with a requisition made under that subsection shall not, without the written consent of the person carrying on the business to which the returns or other

120

Ch. 21

Cinematograph Films Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I

—cont.

Temporary financial assistance by Board of Trade to Agency.

Accounts and audit.

information or the books or other documents relate, be disclosed otherwise than—

(a) in the form of a summary of similar returns or information

furnished by, or obtained from, a number of persons, being a summary so framed as not to enable particulars relating to any individual business to be ascertained therefrom; or

(b) to the Board of Trade or an officer thereof:

Provided that the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall not apply to any disclosure of information made for the purposes of any legal proceedings (whether civil or criminal and including an arbitration) pursuant to this Part of this Act, or for the purposes of any report of any such proceedings as aforesaid.

(2) If any person discloses any information in contravention of the foregoing subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and such a fine.

6. —(1) The Board of Trade may, with the approval of the Treasury, lend to the Agency such sums on account of the levy imposed by virtue of this Part of this Act as appear to the Board to be necessary to enable the Agency to discharge their functions between the date of their establishment and the time when they have received, by way of payments in respect of the said levy, such sum as, in the opinion of the Board, will be sufficient to enable the Agency to discharge their functions without financial assistance from the Board.

(2) Sums lent under this section by the Board of Trade to the Agency shall be lent on such terms as to payment of interest thereon as may be imposed by the Board with the approval of the Treasury and shall (together with the interest) be repaid by the Agency to the Board, at such times as the Board may determine, out of payments received in respect of the said levy.

7. —(1) The Agency shall keep proper accounts and proper records in relation to the accounts, and shall prepare in respect of each financial year of the Agency a statement of accounts in such form as the Board of Trade, with the approval of the Treasury, may direct, being a form conforming with the best commercial standards.

(2) The accounts of the Agency shall be audited by auditors to be appointed annually by the Board of Trade.

(3) No person shall be qualified to be appointed under the last foregoing subsection unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies:—

(a) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

1957

Cinematograph Films , 1957

Ch. 21

121

(b) the Society of Incorporated Accountants; Part I

—cent.

(c) the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

() the Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

(e) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

(/) any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948, by the Board of Trade.

(4) So soon as the accounts of the Agency for any financial year have been audited, the Agency shall send to the Board of Trade a report setting out what has been done in discharge of their functions during that year and that report shall include a copy of the statement of accounts for that year together with a copy of any report made by the auditors on the statement or on the accounts.

(5) The Board of Trade shall lay a copy of every such report before Parliament.

8. —(1) In this Part of this Act the expression " film " means a Interpretation cinematograph film and other expressions used in this Part of1-

this Act have the same meanings as in the Cinematograph Films Acts, 1938 and 1948:

Provided that regulations made under section three of this Act may provide that, for all or any of the purposes of the payments made under that section, an assignee of earnings in Great Britain of a film may, in such cases as may be provided for by the regulations, be treated as the maker of the film.

(2) Section twenty-five of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1938, as set out in the Second Schedule to the Cinematograph Films Act, 1948, shall have effect for the purpose of determining whether a film is a British film for the purposes of this Part of this Act as it has effect for the purpose of determining whether a film to which the said Act of 1938 applies is a British film for the purpose of the registration thereof under Part m of that Act.

9. Any expenses incurred by the Commissioners of Customs Expenses and and Excise in collecting the levy imposed by virtue of this Part ff^P* °.f

of this Act and any expenses incurred by the Board of Trade of CustOTM*" under section six of this Act in making loans to the Agency and Exdse shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and and Board of any sum retained by the said Commissioners out of the proceeds Trade.

122

Ch. 21

Cinematograph Films Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I

—com.

Extension of time within which, and purposes for which, loans may be made by Corporation.

Duty of Corporation to pay their way.

of the said levy or received by the Board by way of repayment of, or payment of interest on, loans made under the said section six shall be paid into the Exchequer.

Part II

Amendments of Law relating to Functions and Finances of National Film Finance Corporation

10. —(1) For paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of

the Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1949 (which, as amended by the Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1954, empowers the National Film Finance Corporation to make, during the eight years beginning with the passing of the first-mentioned Act, loans to be employed in financing the production or distribution of cinematograph films to persons who, in the judgment of the Corporation, while having reasonable expectations of being able to arrange for the production or distribution of cinematograph films on a commercially successful basis, are not for the Time being in a position otherwise to obtain adequate financial facilities for the purpose on reasonable terms from an appropriate source) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (b) to make, during the period of eighteen years beginning with the passing of this Act, loans to be employed in financing the production or distribution of cinematograph films to persons who, in the judgment of the Corporation, have reasonable expectations of being able to arrange for the production or distribution of cinematograph films on a commercially successful basis

(2) In subsection (1) of section four of the said Act of 1949 (which, as amended by the Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1950, and the said Act of 1954, authorises the Board of Trade, with the consent of the Treasury, to make advances to the Corporation within the eight years beginning with the passing of the first-mentioned Act, so, however, that the aggregate amount of the principal outstanding in respect of any such advances shall not at any time exceed six million pounds) for the words " eight years " there shall be substituted the words " eighteen years ". 11

11. It shall be the duty of the National Film Finance Corporation to exercise and perform their functions in such maimer as appears to them best calculated to secure the avoidance of default's being made in the discharge, as regards any loan made to them after the passing of this Act, of their obligations with respect to repayment of the principal of the loan and the payment of interest on any sum for the time being outstanding in respect of it.

1957

Cinematograph Films , 1957

Ch. 21

123

12. —(1) If at any time before the expiration of the period of Part II eighteen years beginning with the passing of the Cinematograph

Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1949, there are made Power to give

between— effect to

arrangements

(a) the National Film Finance Corporation; and 5r

Corporation s

(b) a company which satisfies the Board of Trade that it is assets and

and will remain a British company and is willing and liabilities to able to make adequate financial facilities available to ^Jing persons who wish to arrange for the production or alternative distribution of cinematograph films; source of

finance.

arrangements satisfactory to the Board for the transfer to that company, for valuable consideration, of the assets of the Corporation and of their liabilities to persons other than the Board, the Board may, with the approval of the Treasury, by order (made by statutory instrument) make such provision as appears to the Board requisite for giving effect to the arrangements and provide for the cesser of the exercise of the functions of the Corporation.

(2) No order shall be made under this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before the Commons House of Parliament and has been approved by resolution of that House.

(3) In this section " British company " means a company incorporated under the laws of Great Britain, being a company over which a British subject has control or two or more British subjects are together in a position to exercise control or over which a company which is a British company by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this definition has control or two or more such companies or such a company and a British subject are together in a position to exercise control, and " control " has the same meaning as in section three hundred and thirty-three of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

13. For sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 8 of the Schedule to Dissolution of the Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1949 Corporation, (which, as amended by the Cinematograph Film Production

(Special Loans) Act, 1954, empowers the Treasury to dissolve the National Film Finance Corporation after the expiration of the period of eight years beginning with the passing of the first-mentioned Act), there shall be substituted the following sub-paragraph:—

" (1) The Board of Trade may, with the approval of the Treasury, by order dissolve the Corporation at any time after the expiration of the period of eighteen years beginning with the passing of this Act or upon its functions ceasing to be exercisable by virtue of section twelve of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1957".

124

Ch. 21

Cinematograph Films Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Extension of period during which

exhibition of British films is obligatory.

Increase of

maximum

amounts of certain fees.

Exercise of powers by Board of Trade.

Short title, citation, extent and repeal.

Part HI

Extension of Period during which Exhibitors are obliged UNDER THE CINEMATOGRAPH FILMS Ad, 1948, TO SHOW British Films and Increase of maximum Amounts of certain Fees payable under the Cinematograph Films Act, 1938.

14. Section one of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1948 (which makes compulsory the inclusion of British films amongst registered films exhibited to the public in theatres in Great Britain during the period beginning with the first day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and ending with the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight) shall have effect with the substitution, in subsection (7) thereof, for the words " nineteen hundred and fifty-eight ", of the words " nineteen hundred and sixty ".

15. —(1) The maximum amount of the fee payable under section twenty-four of the Cinematograph Films Act, 1938, on an application for the registration of a film shall be increased from two guineas to five guineas.

(2) The maximum amount of the fee payable under section nine of the said Act of 1938 for a renter’s licence shall be increased from five guineas to twelve guineas.

(3) The maximum amount of the fee payable under the said section nine for an exhibitor’s licence shall be increased from two guineas to five guineas.

Part IV Supplementary

16. Anything required or authorised by or under this Act to be done by, to or before the Board of Trade may be done by, to or before the President of the Board, any Minister of State with duties concerning the affairs of the Board, any secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board or any person authorised in that behalf by the President.

17. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Cinematograph Films Act, 1957.

(2) The Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Acts, 1949 to 1954, and Part II of this Act may be cited together as the Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Acts, 1949 to 1957.

1957

Cinematograph Films , 1957

Ch. 21

125

(3) The Cinematograph Films Acts, 1938 and 1948, and Part IV Part HI of this Act may be cited together as the Cinematograph —corn. Films Acts, 1938 to 1957.

(4) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(5) Section one of the Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1954, is hereby repealed.

Provisions relaiino to British Film Fund Agency

1. The Agency shall have a common seal, and shall have power to hold land without licence in mortmain and to do all things incidental to the proper discharge of their functions.

2. —(1) The Board of Trade shall have power, exercisable by statutory instrument, to make regulations with respect to—

(a) the appointment of the members of the Agency and their tenure and vacation of office;

(b) the execution of instruments and the mode of entering into

contracts by or on behalf of the Agency, and the proof of documents purporting to be executed, issued or signed by the Agency or a member or officer thereof.

(2) Subject to the provisions of regulations under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, the Agency shall have power to regulate their own procedure, including the manner in which matters subject to the determination of the Agency are to be determined by or on behalf of the Agency.

(3) Regulations made under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

3. The validity of any proceedings of the Agency shall not be affected by any vacancy amongst the members thereof or by any defect in the appointment of a member thereof.

4. The Agency shall pay to the members thereof such salaries or other remuneration, and such allowances, as the Board of Trade may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

5. —(1) The Agency shall—

(a) pay to their officers, servants and agents such remuneration as the Agency may determine; and

0 b) as regards any officers, servants or agents in whose case it may be determined by the Agency with the approval of the Board of Trade to make provision for the payment on their death or retirement of pensions, gratuities or other like benefits, pay, or provide for the payment of, such pensions, gratuities or other like benefits to them or to others by reference to their service as may be so determined.

SCHEDULE

Section 1.

126

Ch. 21

Cinematograph Films Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Sch. —cont.

(2) Provision for pensions, gratuities or other like benefits under this paragraph may be made either by contributory or by non-contributory arrangements or partly by the one and partly by the other.

6. The expenses incurred by the Agency in the exercise of their functions shall be paid out of the proceeds of the levy imposed by virtue of Part I of this Act or sums lent to them on account thereof by the Board of Trade.

7. —-(1) If at any time it appears to the Board of Trade that no functions remain to be discharged by the Agency, the Board may by order provide for the dissolution of the Agency, for the winding up of the affairs thereof and for the application, for purposes connected with the British film industry, of any amount by which the assets thereof exceed the liabilities thereof; and regulations under section three of this Act may include provision for requiring the Agency to set aside, out of the proceeds of said levy in respect of the last period in respect of which it is imposed, such sum as appears to the Board sufficient to defray the expenses of the winding up.

(2) An order under the foregoing sub-paragraph may be varied by a subsequent order made by the Board of Trade.

(3) The powers conferred by this paragraph to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(4) No order shall be made under this paragraph unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

COO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Cinematograph Films Act, 1938 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 17.

Cinematograph Films Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 23.

Companies Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1949 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 20.

Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1950 14 Geo. 6. c. 18.

Customs and Excise Act, 1952 15 & 16 Geo. 6 &

Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1954 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 15.

1957 White Fish and Herring Ch. 22 127

Industries Act, 1957

CHAPTER 22

White Fish and Herring Industries , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Extension of scope of grants under ss. 1 and 6 of 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 17.

2. Extension of white fish subsidy.

3. Herring subsidy.

4. Maximum amount of grants by way of white fish and herring subsidies.

5. General provisions relating to schemes and orders under the principal

Act and this Act.

6. Interpretation.

7. Short title, citation and repeal.

Schedule—Provisions of principal Act repealed.

An Act to amend the provisions of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1953, relating to grants by the White Fish Authority and the Herring Industry Board towards new vessels and engines and to the white fish subsidy; to provide a subsidy in respect of herring; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[17th April, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—-(1) Subsection (1) of section one of the White Fish and Extension Herring Industries Act, 1953 (hereinafter referred to as " the of of principal Act ") and subsection (1) of section six of that Act j

(which respectively empower the White Fish Authority to make g of to persons engaged or proposing to become engaged in the white i & 2 Eliz. 2. fish industry grants in respect of expenditure incurred in the c. 17. acquisition of new fishing vessels not exceeding one hundred and forty feet in length or the acquisition of new engines for fishing vessels not exceeding one hundred and forty feet in length and the Herring Industry Board to make to persons engaged or proposing to become engaged in the herring industry grants in respect of the like expenditure) shall each have effect as if the reference to expenditure incurred as aforesaid included a reference to expenditure incurred in the conversion, from coal-firing to oil-firing, of the engine-boilers of any fishing vessel not exceeding one hundred and forty feet in length, where the contract for the execution of the work of conversion is shown to the satisfaction of the authority empowered to make the grants to have been made after the appointed day.

ie

128

Ch. 22

White Fish a Herring

Industries , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(2) No grant shall be made in pursuance of a scheme under section one or six of the principal Act in respect of expenditure incurred in the acquisition of a vessel unless an application for the grant is approved by the Authority or the Board, as the case may be, before the expiration of the period of ten years beginning with the date of the passing of that Act; no grant in respect of expenditure incurred in the acquisition of an engine for a vessel shall be so made otherwise than to an individual who satisfies the Authority or the Board, as the case may be, that he is or is to be a working owner of the vessel unless—

(a) an application for the grant is approved by the Authority

or die Board in accordance with the scheme before the end of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-one; and

(b) the operation of the engine does not involve the con-

sumption of coal and the engine is installed in place of one whose operation did involve the consumption of coal;

no grant in respect of expenditure incurred in the acquisition of an engine for a vessel shall be made in pursuance of such a scheme to such an individual as aforesaid unless an application for the grant is approved by the Authority or the Board, as the case may be, in accordance with the scheme before the expiration of the said period of ten years; and no grant in respect of expenditure incurred in the conversion, from coal-firing to oilfiring, of the engine-boilers of a vessel shall be made in pursuance of such a scheme unless an application for the grant is approved by the Authority or the Board, as the case may be, in accordance with the scheme before the end of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-one.

(3) The amount of a grant which may be made in pursuance of a scheme under section one or six of the principal Act in respect of expenditure incurred in the acquisition of a vessel or in the acquisition of an engine for a vessel shall not exceed the following amount, that is to say: —

(a) where the grant is made to an individual who satisfies

the Authority or the Board, as the case may be, that he is or is to be a working owner of the vessel, three tenths of the said expenditure;

(b) in any other case, one quarter of the said expenditure;

and the amount of a grant which may be so made in respect of expenditure incurred in the conversion, from coal-firing to oilfiring, of the engine-boilers of a vessel shall not exceed one quarter of the said expenditure.

1957

White Fish a Herring

Industries , 1957

Ch. 22

129

14) Any reference in the principal Act or this section to expenditure incurred in the acquisition of a new engine for a vessel shall, where—

(a) the engine is installed in place of one which furnished

motive power to other machinery of the vessel but is I itself not designed to furnish motive power to that other

machinery; and U>) the Authority or the Board, as the case may be, are satisfied that the contract for the supply of the engine was made after the appointed day;

be construed as including a reference to expenditure incurred in carrying out such work for the provision of motive power to that other machinery as is necessitated by the change of engine.

(5) Subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall have effect in lieu of so much of subsection (2) of section one and of subsection (2) of section six of the principal Act as precludes the payment of grants except in pursuance of applications approved by the Authority or the Board before the expiration of the period therein specified, and of subsections (1) and (2) of section two of that Act (which specify the maximum amounts of grants which may be made in pursuance of a scheme under section one or six of that Act and, in the case of grants in respect of expenditure incurred in the acquisition of engines for vessels, limit the payment thereof to working owners); but no grant shall be made in pursuance of a scheme under section one or six of the principal Act in respect of expenditure incurred in the acquisition of a new engine for a vessel by a person other than an individual who satisfies the Authority or the Board, as the case may be, that he is or is to be a working owner of the vessel, unless the Authority or the Board, as the case may be, are satisfied that the contract for the supply of the engine was made after the appointed day.

(b) In this section, except where the context otherwise requires, " Authority " means the White Fish Authority, " Board " means the Herring Industry Board, " working owner ", in relation to a vessel, means a person who, being the owner or one of the owners of the vessel, regularly goes to sea in it when it is used for the purpose of fishing and " the appointed day " means such day (whether before or after the passing of this Act but not earlier than the twenty-eighth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven) as the Ministers may by order appoint.

2. For subsections (2) and (3) of section five of the principal Act (which relate to the scope of the white fish subsidy), there shall be substituted the following subsections:—

" (2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a seneme made thereunder may provide for the payment of grants

E

Extension of white fish subsidy.

130

Ch. 22

White Fish a Herring

Industries Act, 1957

5 & 6 Euz.2

Herring

subsidy.

in the case of any vessel in respect of white fish landed from the vessel in the United Kingdom, voyages made by the vessel for the purpose of catching such fish and landing them in the United Kingdom or any such other matter as may be specified in the scheme or in respect of a combination of all or any of the things which by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this subsection may be severally specified; but no such grant shall be made—

(a) in respect of a voyage beyond the inshore, near

and middle waters as defined by this section; or

(b) in respect of fish taken (whether within those waters

or not) in the course of such a voyage.

(3) No grant shall be made in pursuance of a scheme under this section unless an application therefor is received by the appropriate Minister before the first day of May, nineteen hundred and sixty-one, or, if it is so prescribed by an order made by the Ministers, the first day of May, nineteen hundred and sixty-three ".

3.—(1) With a view to promoting the landing in the United Kingdom of a continuous and plentiful supply of herring, the appropriate Minister may, in accordance with a scheme made by the Ministers with the approval of the Treasury, make grants to the owners or charterers of fishing vessels engaged in catching herring (being vessels not exceeding one hundred and forty feet in length and registered in the United Kingdom) of such amounts, and subject to such conditions, as may be determined by or under the scheme.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a scheme made thereunder may provide for the payment of grants in the case of any vessel in respect of herring landed from the vessel in the United Kingdom, voyages made by the vessel for the purpose of catching herring and landing them in the United Kingdom or any such other matter as may be specified in the scheme or in respect of a combination of all or any of the things which by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this subsection may be severally specified; but no such grant shall be made—

(a) in respect of a voyage beyond the inshore, near and middle waters as defined by subsection (5) of section five of the principal Act; or (b)in respect of herring taken (whether within those waters or not) in the course of such a voyage.

(3) No grant shall be made in pursuance of a scheme under this section unless an application therefor is received by the appropriate Minister before the first day of May, nineteen hundred and sixty-one, or, if it is so prescribed by an order made by the Ministers, the first day of May, nineteen hundred and sixty-three.

1957

White Fish a Herring

Industries , 1957

Ch. 22

131

(4) In this section " the appropriate Minister " means, in relation to Scotland, the Secretary of State concerned with the sea hshing industry in Scotland, and in relation to the remainder of the United Kingdom, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food.

(5) Any expenses incurred by the appropriate Minister in the making of grants under this section shall be defrayed out of the moneys provided by Parliament.

4. The aggregate amount of the grants made in pursuance ot Maximum schemes under section five of the principal Act and of schemes amo"1*'of under the last foregoing section shall not exceed seventeen $^of y million pounds or such greater sum (not exceeding nineteen white fish million pounds) as may be prescribed by an order made by the and herring Ministers with the approval of the Treasury. subsidies.

5. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any power to General make a scheme under the principal Act or this Act shall include provisions power to vary or revoke that scheme by a subsequent scheme. Mhemw mid

(2) A scheme under the principal Act or this Act shall not be orders under

so varied or revoked as to affect the payment of grant in the principal pursuance of an application approved under the scheme before Act and this the coming into operation of the subsequent scheme. Act>

(3) Any power of the Ministers to make a scheme or order under the principal Act or this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(4) A scheme under the principal Act or this Act, and an order under subsection (3) of section five of the principal Act (as amended by this Act) or under subsection (3) of section three of this Act, shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament, and an order under the last foregoing section shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

6. —(1) In this Act "the Ministers" means the Minister of Interpretation. Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and the Secretary of State concerned with the sea fishing industry in Scotland.

(2) Subsections (2) and (3) of section thirteen of the principal Act (which respectively relate to the calculation, for the purposes of that Act, of the lengths of vessels and to the construction of references therein to expenditure incurred in the acquisition of a vessel and expenditure incurred in the acquisition of an engine for a vessel) shall have effect as if the references therein to that Act included references to this Act.

7.—(1) This Act may be cited as the White Fish and Herring Short title. Industries Act, 1957. £££nand

(2) The White Fish Industry Acts, 1951 and 1953, section one of this Act so far as it relates to section one of the principal Act, section five of this Act so far as it applies to section one

132

Ch. 22, 23

White Fish a Herring

Industries , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

of the principal Act, and section six of this Act so far as it applies to section one thereof, may be cited together as the White Fish Industry Acts, 1951 to 1957.

(3) The Herring Industry Acts, 1935 to 1953, section one of 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 7. the Fisheries Act, 1955, section one of this Act so far as it

relates to section six of the principal Act, section five of this Act so far as it applies to section six of the principal Act and section six of this Act so far as it applies to section one thereof, may be cited together as the Herring Industry Acts, 1935 to 1957.

(4) The provisions of the principal Act specified in the first column of the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the second column of that Schedule.

Section 7

SCHEDULE Provisions of principal Act repealed Provision Extent of Repeal

Section one ... In subsection (2), the words from " and no grant *’ to the end of the subsection.

Section two . Subsections (1), (2) and (5).

Section five .. Subsection (4).

Section six ... In subsection (2), the words from " and no grant " to the end of the subsection.

Section eleven ... The whole section.

Section sixteen ... In subsections (2) and (3), the words "section eleven and ".

CHAPTER 23

An Act to amend the Export Guarantees Acts, 1949 to 1952.

[6th June, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— 1

Raising of limit on guarantees under s. 2 of Export Guarantees Act, 1949.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 14. 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 21.

1. In subsection (2) of section two of the Export Guarantees Act, 1949 (which, as amended by the Export Guarantees Act, 1952, imposes a limit of one hundred and fifty million pounds in respect of guarantees given by the Board of Trade under that section) for the words " one hundred and fifty million pounds " there shall be substituted the words " two hundred and fifty million pounds ".

1957

Export Guarantees , 1957

Ch. 23

133

1—(1) In so far as the power of the Board of Trade under Extension section two of the Export Guarantees Act, 1949, to make arrange- po<jvelrof ments for giving guarantees to or for the benefit of persons Trade to make carrying on business in the United Kingdom or to or for the arrangements benefit of companies directly or indirectly controlled by such for rendering persons is exercisable for the purpose of rendering economic economic assistance to countries outside the United Kingdom it shall assis^?ce to include, and be deemed always to have included, power to make ouiSdeU.K. arrangements for facilitating the payment of sums payable under contracts with such persons or companies.

(2) Section three of the said Act of 1949 (which provides for the acquisition by the Board of Trade of securities guaranteed by them in the exercise of their powers under that Act) shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if the references to such securities included references to securities created in pursuance of arrangements made in accordance with this section.

(3) Any amount paid by the Board of Trade for a security acquired by them under the said section three shall, while the security is held by them, be deemed for the purposes of section one, or as the case may be, section two of the said Act of 1949, to be included in the aggregate amount limited by that section; and the aggregate required to be shown by paragraph (b) of section five of that Act in any return published under that paragraph shall include the aggregate of the amounts paid by the Board of Trade since the date of the last previous return under that paragraph for securities created in pursuance of arrangements made in accordance with this section.

3.—(1) If in any financial year ending before the first day of Temporary April, nineteen hundred and sixty, the sums payable out of the powfr.t£ ™akfe Acquisition of Guaranteed Securities Fund into the Exchequer A^uisftion of under section three of the Export Guarantees Act, 1949, being Guaranteed such sums as are mentioned in paragraph (a) of the next following Securities subsection, exceed the sums payable under that section into the Fund-Food, being such sums as are mentioned in paragraph (6) of that subsection, the Treasury may out of moneys provided by Parliament pay into the Fund an amount equal to the difference.

(2) The said sums are—

(a) interest on sums paid into the Fund under subsection (2)

of the said section three for enabling the Board of Trade to acquire securities created in pursuance of arrangements made by them before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-six under section two of the said Act of 1949; and

(b) interest collected by the Board of Trade on such securities.

134

Short title, citation and repeal.

Power of Treasury to contribute to Fund.

Ch. 23,24 Export Guarantees , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Export Guarantees Act, 1957; and the Export Guarantees Acts, 1949 to 1952 and this Act may be cited together as the Export Guarantees Acts, 1949 to 1957.

(2) Subsection (2) of section one of the Export Guarantees Act, 1952, is hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 24

An Act to authorise the payment out of moneys provided by Parliament of annual contributions towards the House of Commons Members’ Fund and to extend the powers of investment of the trustees of that Fund.

[6th June, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There may be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament into the House of Commons Members* Fund such annual contributions as the Treasury may from time to time determine having regard to the amount for the time being of the payments to be made out of the fund and of the income of the fund from other sources.

(2) The amount of the annual contributions payable under this section shall not exceed ten thousand pounds or such higher amount as the Treasury may by order direct.

(3) The power of the Treasury to make an order under subsection (2) of this section shall include power to revoke or vary such an order by a subsequent order and shall be exercisable by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the House of Commons.

(4) Subsection (4) of section four of the House of Commons Members’ Fund Act, 1948 (which enables the House of Commons to appropriate for the relief of special hardship under that section up to one tenth of the sums deducted or set aside from the salaries of members of that House under the House of Commons Members’ Fund Act, 1939) shall apply in relation to any contributions under this section as it applies in relation to sums so deducted or set aside.

1957

House of Commons Members’ Fund , 1957

Ch. 24

135

2. The powers of the trustees under the Third Schedule to the Extension House of Commons Members’ Fund Act, 1939 (which relates to of trustees’ the investment of the fund) shall include power to deposit money

at interest with any local authority authorised to accept money inves 611 * so deposited under section three of the Local Authorities (Financial Provisions) Act, 1921, section two hundred and fifteen of the Local Government Act, 1933, section one hundred and thirty-nine of the London Government Act, 1939, section two hundred and sixty of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, section twelve of the Local Government (Finance) Act (Northern Ireland),

1948, or any corresponding local enactment (including any such enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland), and to withdraw and otherwise deal with money so deposited.

3. This Act may be cited as the House of Commons Members’ Short title Fund Act, 1957, and this Act and the House of Commonsand citation. Members’ Fund Acts, 1939 and 1948, may be cited together as

the House of Commons Members’ Fund Acts, 1939 to 1957.

OOOO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Local Authorities (Financial Provisions) Act, 1921 Local Government Act, 1933 London Government Act, 1939 House of Commons Members’ Fund Act, 1939 ... Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 House of Commons Members’ Fund Act, 1948 ... 11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 67. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 49. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 36.

136

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 25

Rent Act, 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Revision of rent limits of controlled houses in England and Wales

Section

1. Rent limit of controlled houses.

2. Procedure for increasing rents.

3. Adjustment as respects rates borne by landlord.

4. Adjustment as respects services and furniture.

5. Increase for improvements.

6. Variation of rent under contractual tenancy.

Increase of rents of controlled houses in Scotland

7. Increase of controlled rents.

8. Supplementary provisions as to 1957 Act increases.

9. Amendments of Act of 1954 as to amount of repairs increase, etc.

10. Rents of subsidised private houses in Scotland.

Release from Rent Acts and Furnished Houses Rent Control

11. Release from control under Rent Acts.

12. Furnished houses.

Provisions as to , etc.

13. Premiums not to be charged for decontrolled tenancies.

14. Application to loans of provisions of Act of 1949 relating to premiums.

15. Restriction on requiring payment in advance of rent under decontrolled

tenancies.

Miscellaneous and Supplemental

16. Minimum length of notice to quit.

17. Provisions to facilitate exchange of controlled dwellings.

18. Private street works to count as improvements.

19. Jurisdiction of county court or sheriff, and procedure.

20. Rents of subsidised private houses.

21. Long tenancies.

22. Statutory tenancies of requisitioned houses.

23. Concurrence of superior landlords to agreements as to 1956 gross value

and rateable value.

24. Payments out of moneys provided by Parliament.

25. Interpretation.

26. Application of enactments, minor amendments, transitional provisions

and repeals.

27. Short title, commencement and extent.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

137

Schedules:

First Schedule—Adjustment of rent in respect of repairs.

Second Schedule—Calculation of amount of rates.

Third Schedule—Modifications of provisions of Act of 1954 in application to 1957 Act increases in Scotland.

Fourth Schedule—Transitional provisions on decontrol.

Fifth Schedule—Ascertainment and adjustment of Rateable Value and 1956 Gross Value.

Sixth Schedule—Minor and consequential amendments and application of enactments.

Seventh Schedule—General transitional provisions.

Eighth Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to amend the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1939, the Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act, 1943, the Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act, 1946, the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954, and certain other enactments relating to the control of rents and the right to retain possession of houses; to provide a minimum length for notice to terminate residential lettings; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[6th June, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Revision of rent limits of controlled houses in England and Wales

h—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Act the Rent limit rent recoverable for any rental period from the tenant under controlled a controlled tenancy shall not exceed the following limit, that is to say a rent of which the annual rate is equal to the 1956 gross value of the dwelling multiplied by two (or, if the responsibility for repairs is such as is specified in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, by the appropriate factor specified in the said Part D, together with—

(a) the annual amount, ascertained in accordance with the Second Schedule to this Act, of any rates for the basic rental period, being rates borne by the landlord or a superior landlord; and

E*

L*

138

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Procedure for increasing rents.

(b) such annual amount as may be agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the county court to be a reasonable charge for any services for the tenant provided by the landlord or a superior landlord during the basic rental period or any furniture which under the terms of the tenancy the tenant is entitled to use during that period.

(2) The limit on the rent recoverable under a controlled tenancy for any rental period (hereinafter referred to as " the rent limit*) shall be subject to adjustment from time to time under sections three to five of this Act and to reduction as provided by Part II of the First Schedule to this Act in case of disrepair.

(3) Where under a controlled tenancy current at the coni' mencement of this Act the rent recoverable for the basic rental period exceeds what would be the rent limit for that period if ascertained under subsection (1) of this section, the rent limit shall be the rent recoverable as aforesaid, subject however to the provisions of the foregoing subsection.

(4) The rent recoverable under a controlled tenancy for the rental period comprising the commencement of this Act shall, notwithstanding the repeals effected by this Act, remain the rent recoverable under that tenancy for any rental period for which it is neither increased nor reduced under this Act.

2.—(1) If the rent for the time being recoverable under a controlled tenancy is less than the rent limit it may be increased up to that limit subject to and in accordance with the following provisions of this section; and this subsection shall have effect notwithstanding anything in any enactment.

(2) Subject to the provisions of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act, the rent may be increased as aforesaid by the service by the landlord on the tenant of a notice of increase in the prescribed form specifying the amount of the increase; but—

(a) the increase shall not have effect as respects rental periods beginning before such date as may be specified in the notice, being a date not earlier (except in the cases authorised by the following provisions of this Act) than three months after the service of the notice;

(b) the total of the increases which may be specified in any notice or notices of increase as taking effect less than nine months after the service of the first notice (excluding any increases which under the following provisions of this Act are to be disregarded) shall not exceed seven shillings and sixpence per week, but a notice may specify more than one date and amount;

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

139

(c) except so far as may be necessary for giving effect to an adjustment under section three or five of this Act, a notice of increase shall be of no effect if given at a time when—

(i) the dwelling is within a clearance area under the Housing Act, 1936, or is or forms part of premises with respect to which a demolition order or closing order under that Act or a closing order under section ten or eleven of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953, has been made and has not ceased to be in force, or

(ii) works of repair remain unexecuted which were required to be executed by a notice or order given or made as respects the dwelling to or against the landlord, or any person receiving rent as agent for the landlord, under section nine of the Housing Act, 1936, section ninety-four of the Public Health Act, 1936, or paragraph 7 of the Fifth Schedule to the Public Health (London) Act, 1936, or

(iii) an order has been made under paragraph 9 of the Fifth Schedule to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, declaring the dwelling or a house of which it forms part unfit for human habitation and not capable at reasonable expense of being rendered so fit, and either the Minister has not yet decided whether to confirm the order or he has confirmed it and less than two years have elapsed since the confirmation,

and (except as aforesaid) if the date specified in a notice of increase in accordance with paragraph (a) of this subsection falls at a time when the condition specified in sub-paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph is fulfilled, no increase shall be recoverable by virtue of the notice for any rental period beginning at any such time.

(3) Where the landlord is a body corporate incorporated outside the United Kingdom, the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of Part III of the First Schedule to this Act.

(4) If a notice of increase contains any statement or representation which is false or misleading in any material respect, the landlord shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds unless he proves that the statement was made innocently and without intent to deceive.

3.—(1) Where any rates in respect of the dwelling are borne Adjustment by the landlord or a superior landlord, then for any rental as respects period for which the amount of the rates, ascertained in rat^s b^rne by

E* 2

140

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Adjustment as respects services and furniture.

Increase for improvements.

accordance with the Second Schedule to this Act, differs from the amount, so ascertained, of the rates for the basic rental period the rent limit shall be increased or decreased by the amount of the difference.

(2) In so far as a notice of increase relates to an increase of rent authorised by this section, the date specified by the notice may be any date not earlier than six weeks before the service of the notice, and where that date is earlier than the service of the notice any rent underpaid shall become due on the day after the service.

(3) Any increase of rent authorised by this section shall be disregarded for the purposes of paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of section two of this Act

4. —(1) Where, for any rental period, there is as respects—

(a) the provision of services for the tenant by the landlord or a superior landlord, or

(b) the use of furniture by the tenant under the terms of the tenancy,

or any circumstances relating thereto any difference, in comparison with the basic rental period, such as to affect the amount of the rent which it is reasonable to charge, the rent limit shall be increased or decreased by an appropriate amount; and where by virtue of this subsection the rent limit is increased for any rental period the rent for that period shall, notwithstanding anything in section two of this Act and without the service of any notice, be increased by the like amount

(2) Any question whether, or by what amount the rent limit is increased or decreased by virtue of the foregoing subsection shall be determined by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant or by the county court; and any such determination----

(a) may be made so as to relate to past rental periods; and

(b) shall have effect as respects rental periods subsequent

to the periods to which it relates until revoked or varied by such an agreement as aforesaid or by the county court.

5. —(1) If an improvement has been effected in a dwelling and the improvement was completed after the commencement of this Act, the rent limit under any controlled tenancy of the dwelling for rental periods beginning after the completion of the improvement shall, subject to the following provisions of this section, be increased by eight per cent, per annum of the amount

1951

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

141

upended on the improvement by the landlord or any superior landlord or any person from whom the landlord or any superior landlord derives title.

(2) In so far as a notice of increase relates to an increase of rent authorised by this section, the date specified by the notice may be any date after the service of the notice, and any such increase shall be disregarded for the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section two of this Act.

(3) A tenant on whom a notice specifying an increase authorised by this section is served may, not later than one month after the service of the notice or such longer time as the court may allow, apply to the county court for an order cancelling or reducing die increase on the ground that the improvement was unnecessary or that a greater amount was expended on it than was reasonable, and the court may make an order accordingly, relating (if it is so provided by the order) not only to future but to past rental periods:

Provided that no application shall be made on the ground that an improvement was unnecessary if an improvement grant has been made in respect of the improvement under section twenty of the Housing Act, 1949, or if—

(a) a tenant under the controlled tenancy consented in

writing to the improvement, and

(b) the consent contained an acknowledgement (however

expressed) that the rent could be increased on account of the improvement.

(4) Where a grant has been made under the said section twenty or a repayment has been made under section twelve of the Clean Air Act, 1956 in respect of an improvement, the reference in subsection (1) of this section to the amount expended on the improvement shall be construed as a reference to that amount diminished by the amount of the grant or repayment.

i—(1) In this section "contractual period" means a rental Variation of

period beginning while a tenancy is current. rent under

contractual

(2) Neither a notice of increase nor section four of this Act tenancy, shall operate to increase the rent under a controlled tenancy for

any contractual period except in so far as may be consistent with the terms of the tenancy.

(3) Where a notice of increase is served during the currency of a tenancy which could, by a notice to quit served by the landlord at the same time, be brought to an end before the date or earliest date specified in the notice of increase, the notice of increase shall operate to convert the tenancy into a statutory tenancy as from that date.

142

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Increase of

controlled

rents.

(4) Where the basic rental period of a controlled tenancy current at the commencement of this Act is a contractual period and the rent recoverable for that period includes an increase agreed or determined under section forty of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, in respect of services which the landlord is not under the terms of the tenancy liable to provide, then, if those services are withheld in whole or in part during any contractual period, the rent recoverable for that period shall be decreased by an appropriate amount; and, without prejudice to the operation of section four of this Act in so far as it provides for a variation in the rent limit, subsection (2) of that section shall apply for the purpose of determining any question whether, or by what amount, the recoverable rent is decreased by virtue of this subsection.

(5) Subject to the last foregoing subsection, nothing in this Act shall affect the operation of any lease or agreement in so far as it provides for a reduction of rent during any contractual period.

Increase of rents of controlled houses in Scotland

7.—(1) Where a dwelling-house in Scotland is subject to a controlled tenancy, and the landlord is responsible, wholly or in part, for the repair of the dwelling-house, then, subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, if and so long as the conditions justifying an increase of rent, that is to say the conditions specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section sixteen of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954 (in this and the three next following sections referred to as " the Act of 1954 "), are fulfilled, the rent recoverable from the tenant shall, notwithstanding anything in the terms of the tenancy or any enactment, be increased by virtue of this subsection so as to exceed by the amount hereinafter mentioned the rent which apart from this subsection would be recoverable from the tenant under the terms of the tenancy and having regard to the provisions of any enactment.

(2) The amount of any increase payable by virtue of the foregoing subsection (which increase is hereinafter referred to as a " 1957 Act increase ") shall be an amount equal to one-quarter of the rent which was recoverable in respect of the dwelling-house immediately before the commencement of the Act of 1954:

Provided that where the landlord is responsible in part only for the repair of the dwelling-house, the amount of the 1957 Act increase shall be reduced proportionately.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

143

13) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply in relation to a dwelling-house—

la) if it is one in relation to which, by virtue of subsection

(3) of section sixteen of the Act of 1954, that section does not apply; or

(b) if it is one in respect of which a repairs increase is recoverable.

In this and the two next following sections the expression " repairs increase " has the same meaning as in the Act of 1954.

(4) Any question arising under the foregoing provisions of this section whether the landlord is responsible for repairs or as to the amount of any reduction under the proviso to subsection (2) of this section shall be determined by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant or, on the application of either of them, by the sheriff.

8.—(1) The provisions of sections seventeen to twenty-four and sections thirty-nine to forty-one of, and the Second Schedule to, the Act of 1954 shall apply in relation to a 1957 Act increase as they apply in relation to a repairs increase, and as so applied shall have effect subject to the modification that for any reference (except in section twenty) to Part II of the Act of 1954 and to a repairs increase or an increase under the said Part II there shall be substituted a reference to section seven of this Act and to a 1957 Act increase and subject also to the further modifications set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2) The rent recoverable from the tenant of a dwelling-house shall be subject to be increased by way of a repairs increase in accordance with the provisions of Part II of the Act of 1954 notwithstanding that that rent has already been increased by way of a 1957 Act increase, but no sum shall be recoverable by way of 1957 Act increase in respect of any period in respect of which any sum is recoverable by way of repairs increase.

(3) Any certificate of a local authority granted under Part II of the Act of 1954 (including the Second Schedule thereto), any notice served by a local authority revoking such a certificate, any certificate of a sanitary authority having effect as such a certificate of a local authority, and any finding or order of the sheriff made under the said Part II or under the Rent Acts, the effect of which is to establish whether either or both of the conditions justifying an increase of rent under that Act are fulfilled, slud! have effect for the purpose of establishing whether the conditions justifying an increase of rent by way of a 1957 Act increase are fulfilled as if it were a certificate, notice, finding or order granted, served or made for the purposes of section seven of this Act; and any such certificate, notice, finding or

Supplementary provisions as to 1957 Act increases.

144

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

order granted* served or made for the purposes of the said section seven shall have effect for the purpose of establishing whether either or both of the conditions justifying an increase of rent by way of a repairs increase are fulfilled as if it were granted, served or made for the purposes of the said Part II.

Amendments of Act of 1954 as to amount of repairs increase, etc.

9.—(1) Subsection (2) of section sixteen of the Act of 1954 (which provides that the amount of the repairs increase shall be an amount equal to two-fifths of the rent recoverable immediately before the commencement of that Act) and subsection (3) of section twenty-one of that Act (which limits the amount recoverable from a sub-tenant by way of repairs increase) shall have effect with the substitution for the words " two-fifths " of the words " one-half ".

(2) Where the rent recoverable from the tenant or sub-tenant of a dwelling-house has already been increased by way of a repairs increase of an amount ascertained in accordance with the Act of 1954 as originally enacted, no further increase shall be recoverable by virtue of the foregoing subsection unless the landlord or the tenant has served on the tenant or sub-tenant or a former tenant or sub-tenant a notice in the prescribed form specifying a date, not earlier than eight clear weeks after the service of the notice and (in the case of a notice served on a sub-tenant) not earlier than the date on which the further increase begins to be recoverable from the tenant, as the date on which such further increase is to begin; and no sum shall be recoverable on account of such further increase before, or in respect of any period before, that date.

(3) Subsection (1) of section nineteen of the Act of 1954 (which subsection provides that the increases of rent permitted by paragraphs (c) and () of subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920 shall cease to be recoverable in respect of any period during which a certificate granted or having effect as if granted under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of section eighteen of the Act of 1954 is in force or a court is satisfied that either or both of the conditions justifying an increase of rent were not fulfilled) shall cease to have effect:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall have effect as respects any period before the commencement of this Act or shall affect the operation of subsection (1) of the said section nineteen in relation to any such certificate as aforesaid granted before the commencement of this Act or granted after such commencement in pursuance of an application made before such commencement.

(4) In this section " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister by statutory instrument, and the provisions of subsection (3) of section seventeen of the Act of

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

145

1954 shall apply to a form prescribed for the purposes of this section as they apply to a form prescribed for the purposes of that section.

(5) A notice of intention to increase the rent by way of a repairs increase shall not be served under section seventeen of the Act of 1954 in respect of a dwelling-house at any time within a period of four months after a notice of intention to increase the rent thereof by way of a 1957 Act increase has been served in respect of the dwelling-house, and any notice served in contravention of this subsection shall be void.

10. —(1) The conditions which are mentioned in any of the enactments specified in the next following subsection or which have effect by virtue of any undertaking or agreement entered into in pursuance of any such enactment shall, in so far as they relate to the rent to be charged in respect of any dwelling-house in Scotland, limit that rent, and if imposed before the commencement of this Act shall have effect as if they limited that rent, to an amount equal to the rent which might properly be charged in respect of that dwelling-house by virtue of those conditions together with any sum recoverable in respect thereof by way of repairs increase under the Act of 1954 or by way of 1957 Act increase.

(2) The enactments referred to in the foregoing subsection are

(a) section two of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act,

1924;

(b) section three of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926;

(c) section one hundred and one of the Housing (Scotland)

Act, 1950;

() sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of

section one hundred and fourteen of the Housing

(Scotland) Act, 1950.

Release from Rent Acts and Furnished Houses Rent Control

11. —(1) The Rent Acts shall not apply to any dwelling-house the rateable value of which on the seventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, exceeded, in the Metropolitan Police District or the City of London forty pounds, elsewhere in England or Wales thirty pounds, and in Scotland forty pounds.

(2) The Rent Acts shall not apply to a tenancy created by a lease or agreement coming into operation at or after the commencement of this Act, and the tenant shall not by virtue of those Acts be entitled to retain possession as a statutory tenant on the coming to an end of such a tenancy:

Rents of subsidised private houses in Scotland.

Release from control under Rent Acts.

146

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Furnished

houses.

Provided that this subsection shall not apply where the person to whom the tenancy is granted was immediately before the granting the tenant under a controlled tenancy and the premises comprised in one of the tenancies are the same as, or consist of or include part of, the premises comprised in the other.

(3) The Minister may by order provide that the Rent Acts shall not apply, as from such date as may be specified in the order, to dwelling-houses the rateable value of which, ascertained as on such date as may be specified in the order, exceeds such amount as may be so specified; and an order under this subsection may be made so as to relate to the whole of England and Wales, to the whole of Scotland, or to such area or areas in England and Wales or in Scotland as may be specified in the order, and so as to apply generally, or only to, or except to, such classes or descriptions of dwelling-houses as may be so specified.

The power conferred by this subsection to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and no such order shall have effect until it is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(4) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall affect the operation of Part I of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954.

(5) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall affect the operation of section four of the Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act, 1955, but a person shall not be entitled to retain possession by virtue of this subsection after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-five.

(6) Where a controlled tenancy of a dwelling comes to an end by virtue of section sixty-five of the Housing Act, 1936, section fifty-five of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, or section eleven of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954 (which relate to overcrowding), subsection (2) of this section shall not apply to the first tenancy created thereafter of the dwelling or any part thereof.

(7) The transitional provisions contained in the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to dwelling-houses which cease to be subject to control by virtue of subsection (1) or (3) of this section ;and those subsections shall have effect subject to the provisions of paragraph 3 of Part I of the Fifth Schedule to this Act.

12.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act, 1946, shall not apply to a contract (whether registered under that Act or not) relating to a dwelling of any class or description in any area if the rateable value of the dwelling on any date as on which rateable value

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

147

fell to be ascertained under subsection (1) of the foregoing section, or under an order which has come into force under subsection (3) thereof, was such that the Rent Acts do not apply to dwelling-houses of that class or description in that area and of that rateable value on that date.

(2) Where the said Act of 1946 ceases to apply to a contract (whether by virtue of the foregoing subsection or otherwise),—

ia) a notice to quit given by the landlord before the time at which the said Act of 1946 ceases to apply to the contract shall not take effect earlier than the expiration of three months after that time unless the Tribunal constituted under section one of that Act have determined that the notice shall take effect at the end of a period or extended period expiring before the said three months;

(b) a notice to quit given by the landlord within a year after the said time shall not take effect earlier than the expiration of three months after the giving of the notice;

(c) so long as the contract continues in force, the rent pay-

able thereunder shall be the same as if the said Act of 1946 had not ceased to apply to the contract.

(3) As respects a notice to quit current during a service man’s period of residence protection (within the meaning of the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951) and relating to the rented family residence, the operation of section eleven of the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949, and of section fifteen of the said Act of 1951 (which relate to the suspension of notices to quit) shall not be affected by subsection (1) of this section whether the notice was given before or after the beginning of the period of residence protection:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall apply where the rented family residence is excluded by subsection (2) of section fourteen of the said Act of 1951 from the operation of the said section fifteen.

(4) Where a dwelling is or forms part of a hereditament for which no rateable value was shown in the valuation list on a date referred to in subsection (1) of this section, that subsection shall have effect, in relation to that dwelling, as if for the first reference to that date there were substituted a reference to the first subsequent date on which a rateable value for that hereditament was shown in the valuation list.

(5) Where a contract referred to a Tribunal under the said Act of 1946 relates to a dwelling consisting of or comprising part only of a hereditament, and no apportionment of the rateable

148

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

or annual value of the hereditament has been duly made, then unless the landlord—

(a) in the course of the proceedings requires that an apportionment shall be made by the county court, and

(b) within two weeks of mating the requirement brings proceedings in the county court for the making of the apportionment,

the Tribunal shall have jurisdiction to deal with the reference, notwithstanding that no apportionment has been made, if it appears to them that if an apportionment had been made its result would have been such that they would have had jurisdiction.

(6) Where rent is payable weekly under any contract to which the Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act, 1946, applies, it shall be the duty of the landlord to provide a rent book or other similar document for use in respect of the dwelling, containing particulars of the rent and of the other terms and conditions of the contract; and if at any time after the expiration of two months from the commencement of this Act the landlord fails to comply with the requirements of this subsection he, and any person who on his behalf demands or receives rent under the contract, shall in respect of each week in which the failure occurs or continues be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(7) This section shall apply to Scotland subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) for any reference to the Furnished Houses (Rent

Control) Act, 1946, there shall be substituted a reference to the Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act, 1943;

(b) for references to a hereditament and to the valuation

list there shall be substituted references to lands and heritages and to the valuation roll; and

(c) for references to the county court there shall be

substituted references to the sheriff.

Premiums not to be charged for decontrolled tenancies.

Provisions as to premiums, etc.

13.—(1) As respects grant, renewal, continuance or assignment at any time during the period of three years beginning with the commencement of this Act, a tenancy excluded from the application of the Rent Acts by reason only of the provisions of subsection (1) or (2) of section eleven of this Act or of those provisions and of subsection (7) of section twelve of the Act of 1920 (which excludes from the Rent Acts tenancies where the rent is less than two-thirds of the rateable value) shall be treated as one to which section two of the Landlord and Tenant (Rent

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

149

Control) Act, 1949, applies (which section prohibits the requiring of premiums on the grant, renewal, continuance or assignment of tenancies to which the Rent Acts apply):

Provided that this subsection shall not affect the assignment of a tenancy granted before the commencement of this Act and not renewed or continued thereafter, being a tenancy to which subsection (7) of section twelve of the Act of 1920 applies.

(2) An order under subsection (3) of section eleven of this Act may provide that the foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to the order as it applies in relation to subsection (1) of the said section eleven, but with the substitution for the period mentioned in the foregoing subsection of such period, beginning with the date as from which the order excludes the application of the Rent Acts and ending not later than three years thereafter, as may be specified in the order.

14. —(1) Subsections (1) and (2) of section two of the Landlord Application and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949, and subsection (6) of thatto loai?s of section so far as it provides for the trial and punishment of AcTon^9 f persons contravening that section, shall apply to requiring the relating to making of any loan (whether secured or unsecured) as they premiums, apply to requiring the payment of a premium in addition to rent.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not invalidate any agreement for the making of a loan or any security issued in pursuance of such an agreement, but any sum lent in circumstances involving a contravention of the said section two shall, notwithstanding anything in the agreement for the loan, be repayable to the lender on demand.

15. —(1) Where a tenancy is granted, continued or renewed Restriction

in circumstances in which section thirteen of this Act applies, any on requiring requirement that rent shall be payable— advance of

(a) before the beginning of the rental period in respect of rent under

which it is payable, or decontrolled

(b) earlier than six months before the end of the rental tenancies.

period in respect of which it is payable, if that period is more than six months long, shall be void, whether the requirement is imposed as a condition of the grant, renewal or continuance of the tenancy or under the terms thereof; and rent for any rental period to which a requirement avoided by this section relates shall be irrecoverable from the tenant

(2) A person who purports to impose any requirement avoided by the foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and the court by which he is convicted may order any amount of rent paid in compliance with the requirement to be repaid to the person by whom it was paid.

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

150

Minimum length of notice to quit.

Provisions to facilitate exchange of controlled dwellings.

Ch. 25

Miscellaneous and Supplemental

16. No notice by a landlord or a tenant to quit any premises let (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) as a dwelling shall be valid unless it is given not less than four weeks before the date on which it is to take effect.

17. —(1) Where it is so agreed in writing between the tenant under a statutory tenancy of a dwelling and a person proposing to occupy that dwelling (hereinafter referred to as the " incoming tenant "), the incoming tenant shall subject as hereinafter provided be deemed as from such date as may be specified in the agreement (hereinafter referred to as the " date of exchange ") to be the tenant of the dwelling under that statutory tenancy; and the question whether the provisions of the Rent Acts as to the succession by the widow of a deceased tenant or by a member of his family to the right to retain possession are capable of having effect in the event of the death of the incoming tenant shall be determined according as those provisions have or have not already had effect in relation to the statutory tenancy.

(2) An agreement under the foregoing subsection shall not have effect unless the landlord is a party thereto, and if the consent of any superior landlord would have been required to an assignment of the tenancy on the coming to an end of which the statutory tenancy arose the agreement shall not have effect unless the superior landlord is a party thereto.

(3) An agreement under subsection (1) of this section may provide that the provisions of the Rent Acts mentioned in that subsection shall be capable of having effect in the event of the death of the incoming tenant notwithstanding that they had effect in favour of the tenant to whom he succeeded.

(4) It shall be unlawful to require the payment of any pecuniary consideration for entering into an agreement under subsection (1) of this section; and—

(a) the amount of any payment made which under this subsection could not lawfully be required shall be recoverable by the person by whom it was made either by proceedings for its recovery or, if it was made to the landlord, by deduction from any rent payable by the said person to the landlord;

(b) a person requiring the payment of any consideration in contravention of this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and the court by which he is convicted may order the amount of the payment to be repaid by the person to whom it was paid:

Provided that subsection (4) of section two of the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949 (which allows an assignor

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

151

to charge the assignee for apportioned outgoings, improvements, and goodwill) shall apply with the substitution for the reference to subsection (2) of that section of a reference to this subsection, and for references to the assignor, the assignee and the taking effect of the assignment of references to the tenant, the incoming tenant and the date of exchange.

18.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have Private street effect for the purposes of section five of this Act or, in Scotland, works to for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section 9°""* ,

two of the Act Of 1920. improvements.

(2) Where works have been carried out on a street under—

(< a)section one hundred and fifty of the Public Health Act,

1875, or

(b) the Private Street Works Act, 1892, or

(c) any of the enactments referred to in section one of the

Local Government (Street Works) (Scotland) Act, 1956, or

() the corresponding provisions of any local Act,

and any dwelling having access to the street is the subject of a controlled tenancy, the amount of any expenditure incurred after the commencement of this Act by the landlord or a superior landlord in the carrying out of the works, or of any liability so incurred by the landlord or a superior landlord in respect of the works to the authority by whom they were carried out (whether the liability is dischargeable in a lump sum or by instalments, but in the case of instalments exclusive of interest), shall (whether or not apart from this section it would be so treated) be treated as expenditure incurred by the landlord or superior landlord on improvement as mentioned in subsection (1) of section five of this Act or, as the case may be, in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920:

Provided that if benefit accrues from the carrying out of the works not only to the dwelling but also to other premises of the landlord or superior landlord, the amount to be treated as aforesaid shall be so much only of the expenditure or liability as may be determined, by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant or by the county court, or in Scotland the sheriff, to be properly apportionable to the dwelling, having regard to the benefit accruing, from the carrying out of the works, to the dwelling and to the other premises.

(3) For the purposes of this section the amount of any expenditure shall be treated as diminished by the amount of any contribution made in respect thereof under any enactment.

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

152

Ch. 25

(4) Subsection (3) of section five of this Act and the proviso to paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920 shall not apply to any increase authorised by virtue of this section.

Jurisdiction of county court or sheriff, and procedure.

19.—(1) The county court shall have jurisdiction, either in the course of any proceedings relating to a dwelling or on an application made for the purpose by the landlord or the tenant to determine any question as to the application of the Rent Acts, as to the rent limit or the rent actually recoverable, under a controlled tenancy, as to the application of the Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act, 1946, to any contract or as to any matter which is or may become material for determining any such question as aforesaid.

(2) In Scotland, the sheriff shall have jurisdiction, either in the course of any proceedings relating to a dwelling or on an application made for the purpose by the landlord or the tenant to determine any question as to the application of the Rent Acts or of the Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act 1943, or as to any matter which is or may become material for determining any such question.

(3) Section seventeen of the Act of 1920 (which relates to rules of procedure and the jurisdiction of the county court) shall apply in relation to this Act as it applies in relation to that Act

(4) Any apportionment of rates, gross value or rateable value made by the county court or the sheriff for the purposes of this Act, and any apportionment made by the court or sheriff under the proviso to subsection (2) of the foregoing section, shall be final and conclusive.

Rents of subsidised private houses.

20.—(1) In so far as the conditions mentioned in any of the following enactments, that is to say,—

(a) section two of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act,

1924;

(b) section three of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926;

(c) section three of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act,

1938;

(d) section twenty-three of the Housing Act, 1949;

(e) section three of the Housing Act, 1952, relate to the rent to be charged in respect of any dwelling they shall limit that rent, and if imposed before the commencement of this Act shall have effect as if they limited that rent to the amount of the rent limit; but if the conditions were imposed before the commencement of this Act and then limited the rent to an amount exceeding what would be the rent limit if ascertained under subsection (1) of section one of this Act, the rent limit shall be that amount, subject however to the provisions of subsection (2) of that section.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

153

(2) Where any such condition as aforesaid has been registered in the register of local land charges the proper officer of the local authority shall record in that register any change in that condition effected by this section.

(3) Where any such condition as aforesaid limits the rent under a tenancy which is not a controlled tenancy then, subject to the next following subsection,—

(a) subsection (1) of this section shall have effect, in relation

to that tenancy, as if for the reference to the amount of the rent limit there were substituted a reference to the amount which would be the rent limit if the tenancy were a controlled tenancy; and

(b) in ascertaining that amount in a case where a dwelling

was produced by the conversion of any premises and the conversion resulted in a change in the valuation list after the seventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, any entry in that list before the change shall be disregarded; and

(c) the provisions of this Act enabling rents to be increased

and conferring jurisdiction on the county court shall apply in relation to the tenancy as they apply in relation to a controlled tenancy.

(4) In relation to a tenancy falling within paragraph (c) or () of section thirty-three of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act,

1954 (which exclude from the operation of the Rent Acts certain tenancies where the interest of the landlord belongs to a housing association or a housing trust),—

(a) paragraphs (a) to (c) of the last foregoing subsection shall

not apply; but

(b) the condition shall limit the rent, and if imposed before

the commencement of this Act shall have effect as if it limited the rent, to such amount as may from time to time be agreed between the association or trust and the local authority (or the London County Council in the case of houses the construction of which was promoted by them or in respect of which improvement grants were made by them under the Housing Act,

1949) or as may, in default of agreement, be determined by the Minister; but if the condition was imposed before the commencement of this Act it shall, until the said amount has been agreed or determined under this paragraph, have effect as if this Act had not been passed.

21.—(1) The Rent Acts shall not apply to any long tenancy, Long without prejudice however to the operation of subsection (3) of tenancies, section fifteen of the Act of 1920.

154

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Statutory tenancies of requisitioned houses.

Concurrence of superior landlords to agreements as to 1956 gross value and rateable value.

(2) Part I of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954, shall apply to long tenancies not at a low rent as it applies to long tenancies at a low rent.

22. —(1) The following provisions shall have effect in the case of a statutory tenancy subsisting under section four of the Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act, 1955 (which applies the Rent Acts to occupiers of certain dwellings formerly requisitioned and empowers the local authority to contribute to the rent): —

(a) a notice of increase applying to rent for any rental period

beginning before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and sixty-five, shall not have effect unless not later than three days after the service of the notice the landlord serves a copy of the notice on the local authority;

(b) the local authority shall have such powers of applying to the county court as are conferred by this Act on the tenant;

(c) the local authority shall be a necessary party to any agreement, and to any proceedings in any court, affecting the amount of the rent for any such rental period as aforesaid.

In this subsection the expression " the local authority " means the local authority (within the meaning of the said Act of 1955) which gave the invitation by virtue of the acceptance of which the statutory tenancy arose.

(2) The said section four shall be amended as follows: —

(a) in paragraph (b) of subsection (2) the words from " at a rent " to " this section " shall be omitted, and after the words " terms and conditions " there shall be inserted the words " (other than terms as to rent) *’;

(b) in subsection (3) for the words "The standard rent"

there shall be substituted the words "Subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section and of the Rent Act, 1957, the rent ", and the words from " and for the purposes " to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.

23. Where the landlord is himself a tenant, then unless he is tenant under a tenancy having a term with more than seven years to run an agreement between him and his tenant relating to the amount of the 1956 gross value or of the rateable value of the dwelling-house shall not have effect, for the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to controlled tenancies and to the application of the Rent Acts, except with the concurrence in writing of his immediate landlord.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

155

24. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament Payments out

any increase attributable to this Act in— of

provided by

(a) the sums required by the Minister for making payments parliament.

to local authorities under Part I of the Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act, 1955, and

(b) the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament

under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, or the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954, as amended by the Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956.

25. —(1) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise Interpretation, requires:—

44 the Rent Acts ",44 the Act of 1920 ",44 the Act of 1933 ",

"landlord", "tenant", "tenancy", "statutory tenancy" and "local authority" have the meanings assigned to them by subsection (1) of section forty-nine of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, or as respects Scotland by subsection (1) of section thirty-nine of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act,

1954;

" appropriate factor " means the number by which the 1956 gross value is to be multiplied in determining the rent limit;

44 basic rental period " means the rental period comprising the commencement of this Act or, in the case of a controlled tenancy beginning thereafter, the first rental period of the tenancy;

44 controlled tenancy " means a tenancy to which the Rent Acts apply or a statutory tenancy;

44 dwelling ", except in section sixteen of this Act, means in relation to a controlled tenancy the aggregate of the premises comprised in the tenancy, and in relation to a contract the aggregate of the premises to which the contract relates;

44 improvement " includes structural alteration, extension or addition and the provision of additional fixtures or fittings, but does not include anything done by way of decoration or repair;

"long tenancy" and "tenancy at a low rent" have the meanings assigned to them by subsections (4) and (5) of section two of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954;

44 1956 gross value", in relation to a dwelling, means, subject to the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, the gross value thereof as shown in the valuation list on the seventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, or. where the dwelling forms

156

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

part only of a hereditament shown in that list, such proportion of the gross value shown in that list for that hereditament as may be agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the county court;

44notice of increase" means a notice of increase under section two of this Act;

44 prescribed " means prescribed by regulations under section fourteen of the Act of 1933, and references in this Act to a prescribed form include references to a form substantially to the same effect as the prescribed form;

44 rateable value " shall be construed as provided in Part I of the Fifth Schedule to this Act;

44 rates " includes water rents and charges but does not include an owner’s drainage rate within the meaning of paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section twenty-four of the Land Drainage Act, 1930; and any references in this Act to rates in respect of any dwelling include references to such proportion of any rates in respect of a hereditament of which the dwelling forms part as may be agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the county court;

44 rental period " means a period in respect of which a payment for rent falls to be made;

44 the Minister " means the Minister of Housing and Local Government, or as respects Scotland the Secretary of State;

44 the valuation officer " has the same meaning as in Part III of the Local Government Act, 1948.

(2) Where a controlled tenancy is followed by a statutory tenancy of the same dwelling, the two shall be treated for the purposes of this Act, in its application to England and Wales, as together constituting one controlled tenancy.

(3) Any reference in this Act, in its application to England and Wales, to rent shall be construed as a reference to rent—

(a) exclusive of any sums recoverable as rent under section sixteen of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927 (which enables landlords to recover, as rent, sums in respect of increases in taxes, rates or fire premiums ascribable to improvements made by tenants) other than—

(i) sums so recoverable in respect of increases in rates, or

(ii) sums referable to improvements executed by the tenant before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, or

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

157

(iii) sums referable to improvements executed by him after that day but affecting the 1956 gross value by reason of a proposal made before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven;

(b) exclusive of any sums recoverable as rent under the First Schedule to the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954;

(c) without taking into account any deduction falling to be made under the First Schedule to the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949 (which provides for the recovery of premiums by deduction from rent) or under paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954 (which empowers the court to order a reduction of rent where the landlord fails to carry out initial repairs).

(4) References in this Act to any enactment are references to that enactment as amended by any other enactment, including, except where the context otherwise requires, this Act.

26. —(1) The provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall have effect for applying certain enactments for the purposes of this Act and for making certain minor and consequential amendments of enactments.

(2) The transitional provisions contained in the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall have effect.

(3) The enactments specified in Part I of the Eighth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, in their application to England and Wales, to the extent specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule; and the enactments specified in Part 11 of that Schedule are hereby repealed, in their application to Scotland, to the extent specified in the third column of the said Part II.

27. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Rent Act, 1957.

(2) This Act shall come into force on the expiration of the period of one month which begins with the date of the passing thereof.

(3) The following provisions of this Act, that is to say, sections seven to nineteen, sections twenty-three and twenty-five, subsections (1) and (3) of section twenty-six, this section, the Third and Fourth Schedules, Part I of the Fifth Schedule, the Sixth Schedule, and Part II of the Eighth Schedule shall, so far as applicable, and subject to any modification specified therein, extend to Scotland, but the other provisions of this Act shall not extend to Scotland.

(4) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Application of enactments, minor

amendments, transitional provisions and repeals.

Short title, commencement and extent.

158

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 1.

SCHEDULES FIRST SCHEDULE Adjustment of rent in respect of repairs Part I

Adjustment of Rent Limit

1. —(1) The following provisions shall have effect in ascertaining the rent limit by reference to the 1956 gross value.

(2) If under the terms of the tenancy the tenant is responsible for all repairs, the appropriate factor shall be four-thirds.

(3) If under the terms of the tenancy the tenant is responsible for some, but not all. repairs, the appropriate factor shall be such number less than two but greater than four-thirds as may be agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the county court.

2. —(1) In the foregoing paragraph the expression " repairs " does not include internal decorative repairs, but if the landlord is responsible for internal decorative repairs under the terms of the tenancy, or neither the landlord nor the tenant is responsible therefor under the terms of the tenancy but the landlord elects to be treated for the purposes of this Act as responsible therefor,—

(a) " seven-thirds " and 44 five-thirds " shall be substituted respectively for "two" and "four-thirds" in section one of thin Act and the foregoing paragraph, and (b)as respects any rental period beginning after the election,

the question whether the rent limit is to be ascertained under subsection (1) or under subsection (3) of the said section one shall be determined as if the election had always had effect

(2) An election under this paragraph shall be made by notice in the prescribed form served on the tenant and shall continue in force notwithstanding any change in the person of the landlord.

(3) An election under this paragraph shall not have effect if the tenant dissents from it in writing within one month of the service on the tenant of the notice under the foregoing sub-paragraph; but if the tenant duly dissents the First Schedule to the Act of 1933 shall thereafter have effect in relation to the dwelling as if the grounds for possession specified in paragraph (a) thereof included the ground that the tenant has failed to keep the dwelling in a reasonable state of internal decorative repair, having due regard to its age, character and locality.

Part II Abatement for disrepair Notification oj disrepair to landlord

3. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect where the tenant under a controlled tenancy serves on the landlord a notice in the prescribed form stating that the dwelling or any part thereof is in disrepair by reason of defects specified in the notice, and that those defects ought reasonably to be remedied, having due regard to the age, character and locality of the dwelling, and requesting the landlord to remedy them.

mi

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

159

Landlord's undertaking to repair: and certificates 1st Sch.

of disrepair —cont,

4. —(1) II, on the expiration of six weeks from the service of a notice under the last foregoing paragraph, any of the defects specified in the notice remain unremedied, then unless the landlord has given •n undertaking in the prescribed form to remedy those defects or such of them as the tenant may agree in writing to accept as sufficient, the tenant may in the prescribed form apply to the local authority for a certificate of disrepair.

Any such application shall be accompanied by a copy of the said notice.

(2) Where an application under this paragraph is made to a local authority and the local authority are satisfied that the dwelling or any part thereof is in disrepair by reason of defects specified in the said notice and that all or any of those defects ought reasonably to be remedied, having due regard to the age, character and locality of the dwelling, they shall issue to the tenant a certificate of disrepair accordingly and any such certificate shall be in the prescribed form and shall specify the defects as to which the local authority are satisfied as aforesaid, stating that the local authority are so satisfied.

(3) If on an application by the tenant the county court is satisfied, as respects any defects, that the local authority have failed to issue a certificate erf disrepair which ought to have been issued, the court shall direct the authority to proceed on the footing that, in relation to those defects, they are satisfied as to the matters specified in the foregoing sub-paragraph; and if on an application by the tenant the county court is satisfied that any defect not specified in a certificate of disrepair ought to have been specified therein, the court shall order that the defect shall be deemed to have been specified in the certificate.

(4) The local authority shall not be concerned to inquire into any obligation as between a landlord and tenant or into the origin of any defect; but if on an application by the landlord the county court is satisfied, as respects any defect specified in a certificate of disrepair, that it is one for which the tenant is responsible, the court shall cancel the certificate as respects that defect.

(5) If on an application by the landlord the county court is satisfied as respects any defect specified in a certificate of disrepair that it ought not to have been specified, the court shall cancel die certificate as respects that defect.

(6) Where a certificate of disrepair is cancelled under this paragraph as respects all the defects specified therein it shall be deemed never to have had effect, and where it is so cancelled as respects some only of the defects specified therein it shall be deemed never to have had those defects specified therein.

5. Notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing paragraph, a local authority shall not issue a certificate of disrepair until the expiration of three weeks from the service by them on the landlord of a notice in the prescribed form stating that the authority propose to issue the certificate of disrepair and specifying the defects to

160

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. which it is to relate; and if within the said three weeks the

—cont. landlord gives an undertaking in the prescribed form to remedy

those defects and serves a copy of the undertaking on the local authority, the authority shall not issue the certificate:

Provided that where—

(a) a previous certificate of disrepair under this Schedule has

been issued against the landlord in respect of the dwelling or any part thereof, or

(b) the landlord has previously become liable under subsection

(3) of section ten of the Housing Act, 1936, as the person having control of the dwelling or of any premises comprising the dwelling, to repay to the local authority (within the meaning of that section) any expenses incurred by them under that section, or

(c) the landlord has previously given an undertaking under this

Schedule in respect of the dwelling, or any other dwelling in the area of the local authority, and any of the defects to which that undertaking related remained unremedied on the expiration of six months from the giving thereof, or

(d) the landlord has previously been convicted of an offence under section ninety-five of the Public Health Act, 1936, of failing to comply with, or contravening, a nuisance order or an offence under paragraph 12 of the Fifth Schedule to the Public Health (London) Act, 1936, of failing to comply with an abatement order or contravening a prohibition order or a closing order,

the local authority may refuse to accept the undertaking and may issue a certificate of disrepair, and if they do so the undertaking shall be deemed never to have been given.

6.—(1) Where, after the issue of a certificate of disrepair, the landlord applies to the local authority for the cancellation of the certificate on the ground that the defects specified in the certificate have been remedied, the local authority shall serve on the tenant a notice to the effect that unless an objection from the tenant is received by them within three weeks from the service of the notice on the ground that the said defects or any of them have not been remedied, they propose to cancel the certificate.

(2) If no objection is received as aforesaid, or if in the opinion of the local authority the objection is not justified, they shall cancel the certificate as from the date of the application or such later date as appears to them to be the date on which the said defects were remedied.

(3) Where the landlord has applied to the local authority for the cancellation of a certificate of disrepair, and the authority have not cancelled the certificate, the landlord may apply to the county court, and if on the application the court is satisfied that the certificate ought to have been cancelled by the local authority die court shall order that the certificate shall cease to have effect as from the date of the order or such earlier date as may be specified in the order.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

161

(4) Where the local authority have cancelled a certificate of disrepair. the tenant may apply to the county court, and if on the application the court is satisfied that the certificate ought not to have been cancelled the court may order that it shall be deemed not to have been cancelled.

Abatement of rent where certificate issued or undertaking not carried out

7.—(1) Where an application for a certificate of disrepair is granted, any notice of increase served during the period beginning ax months before the date of the application and ending when the certificate ceases to be in force shall have no effect as respects any rental period beginning while the certificate is in force, except in to far as it specifies an increase authorised by section three or five of this Act.

(2) Where a certificate of disrepair is issued, then as respects any rental period beginning while the certificate is in force the appropriate factor shall be four-thirds, and the rent limit shall be ascertained under subsection (1) of section one of this Act notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of that section or subsection (1) of section twenty of this Act or sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 8 of the Sixth Schedule thereto.

(3) A notice of increase served while a certificate of disrepair is in force shall be void unless it contains a statement that it will not take effect while the certificate is in force except in so far as the increase specified in it is authorised by section three or five of this Act.

(4) Without prejudice to sub-paragraphs (1) to (3) of this paragraph, the tenant shall be entitled to withhold rent otherwise recoverable for rental periods beginning while the certificate of disrepair continues in force up to an aggregate amount equal to the aggregate amount of rent for rental periods which began—

(a) on or after the date of the application for the certificate of disrepair, and (b) before the granting thereof, being rent which would have been made irrecoverable by the foregoing provisions of this paragraph if the certificate had been in force throughout those rental periods, so however that for any rental period the amount of rent withheld by virtue of this sub-paragraph shall ool exceed the amount of rent made irrecoverable by the foregoing provisions of this paragraph for the first rental period beginning while die certificate is in force.

(5) Where under paragraph 4 of this Schedule an application is made to the court for the cancellation of a certificate of disrepair as respects all the defects specified therein, and the application is made within three weeks after the issue of the certificate, the rent recoverable for any rental period beginning while proceedings on the application are pending shall, until those proceedings are concluded, be deemed to be the same as if the certificate had not been issued.

F

1st Sch.

—cont.

162

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. 8.—(1) If on the expiration of six months from the giving of such

—cont. an undertaking as is mentioned in paragraph 4 or 5 of this Schedule

any defects to which the undertaking relates remain unremedied the same consequences shall follow as if a certificate of disrepair had then been issued and had continued in force until the remedying of the defects, and (where the undertaking was given before any application for such a certificate had been made) as if such an application had been made when the undertaking was given.

(2) Where such an undertaking has been given the landlord or the tenant may apply to the local authority for a certificate under this sub-paragraph, and the local authority shall certify whether any, and if so which, of the defects to which the undertaking relates remain unremedied.

(3) A certificate under the foregoing sub-paragraph shall in any proceedings be evidence until the contrary is proved of the matters certified.

9. -j<1) If a certificate of disrepair is issued to the tenant of a dwelling, and the dwelling, or any part thereof which is in disrepair by reason of defects specified in the certificate, is subject to a subtenancy, being a controlled tenancy, then unless a certificate of disrepair in respect of those defects has been issued to the sub-tenant the same consequences shall follow as between the tenant and the sub-tenant as if a certificate of disrepair had been issued to the sub-tenant when the certificate was issued to the tenant, had specified the same defects as the certificate issued to the tenant, had been issued on an application made by the sub-tenant when the tenant applied for the certificate issued to him, and had continued in force for the same period as that certificate.

(2) Where sub-paragraph (1) of the foregoing paragraph has effect as between the landlord and the tenant, the foregoing sub-paragraph shall have effect accordingly as between the tenant and the sub-tenant.

(3) Nothing in this paragraph shall prejudice the power of the sub-tenant to obtain a certificate of disrepair or the effect of any undertaking given to the sub-tenant.

General and supplemental

10. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall apply, while a controlled tenancy continues, notwithstanding any change in the person of the landlord or the tenant.

11. —<1) The defects which may be specified in a certificate of disrepair shall not include any defects in the state of internal decorative repair unless the landlord is responsible for internal decorative repairs under the terms of the tenancy or is to be treated as responsible therefor by virtue of an election under paragraph 2 of this Schedule.

(2) In considering whether or not to issue a certificate of disrepair or what defects to specify in such a certificate the local authority shall treat the landlord as responsible for internal decorative repairs if the application for the certificate alleges that he is responsible therefor or that he is to be treated as responsible therefor by virtue of such an election as aforesaid, but in any other case the local authority shall treat the landlord as not responsible for such repairs.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

163

(3) Sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 4 of this Schedule shall apply 1st Sch. m relation to a defect in the state of internal decorative repair as if —com. for the words " for which the tenant is responsible " there were substituted the words Mfor which the landlord is not responsible and is not to be treated as responsible by virtue of an election under paragraph 2 of this Schedule ".

12. —(1) On any application to the local authority for a certificate of disrepair or a certificate under sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 8 of this Schedule there shall be paid to the local authority a fee of two shillings and sixpence, but where a certificate of disrepair, or a certificate under the said sub-paragraph (2) certifying that any defects remain unremedied, is granted to the tenant he shall be entitled to deduct the fee from any subsequent payment of rent to the landlord.

(2) If a certificate of disrepair is cancelled by the court under paragraph 4 of this Schedule as respects all the defects specified in the certificate, any sum deducted under this paragraph may be recovered by the landlord.

(3) On any application to the local authority for the cancellation of a certificate of disrepair there shall be paid to the local authority a fee of two shillings and sixpence.

13. In the case of a controlled tenancy of a dwelling which forms part of any other premises owned by or under the control of the landlord or a superior landlord,—

(d) any disrepair erf the roof or of any other part of those premises which results, or may result, in disrepair of the dwelling, and

(b) any disrepair of any staircase or other approach to the dwelling contained in those premises,

shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Schedule as if it were disrepair of the dwelling.

14. The local authority shall serve a copy of every certificate of disrepair issued by them on the landlord.

15. In this Part of this Schedule references to defects for which the tenant is responsible are references to defects for the remedying of which, as between the landlord and the tenant, the tenant is responsible, or defects which are due to any act, neglect or default of the tenant or any person claiming under him or any breach by the tenant or such a person of any express agreement.

16. Nothing in subsection (3) of section twenty of this Act shall be construed as applying the provisions of this Part of this Schedule to a tenancy which is not a controlled tenancy.

Part III Overseas companies

17. In a case falling within subsection (3) of section two of this Act, except where the tenant is responsible for all repairs a notice of increase served in respect of the dwelling by the landlord referred to in die said subsection (3) shall not have effect unless either a certificate of repair has been issued to the landlord with respect to

164

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 ELiz. 2

1st Sch.

—cont.

Sections!. 3.

the dwelling not earlier than twelve months before the service of the notice of increase or a previous notice of increase served by that landlord in respect of the dwelling has had effect.

18. —(1) If, on an application for a certificate of repair made by the landlord in the prescribed form and stating the name of the tenant, the local authority are satisfied that the state of repair of the dwelling is such that (without regard to paragraph 11 of this Schedule) no certificate of disrepair could be issued in respect of the dwelling, the local authority shall issue the certificate of repair and shall serve a copy of the certificate on the tenant

(2) On any application for a certificate of repair there shall be paid to the local authority a fee of two shillings and sixpence.

19. If on an application for a certificate of repair the local authority are not satisfied as aforesaid, the authority shall send to the landlord a statement of the defects in consequence of which they are unable to issue the certificate of repair; and if on an application to the county court the landlord proves that all the defects specified in the statement are either defects for which the tenant is responsible or defects amounting only to internal decorative disrepair and for which the landlord is not responsible, the court shall order the local authority to issue a certificate of repair.

20. If after the issue of a certificate of repair a certificate of disrepair is issued in respect of the same dwelling, the certificate of repair shall be deemed never to have been issued.

21. Paragraph 15 of this Schedule shall apply to this Part of this Schedule as it applies to Part II thereof.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Calculation of amount of rates

1. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, the amount of the rates for any rental period shall for the purposes of this Act be taken to be an amount which bears to the total rates payable during the rating period during which the rent for that rental period is payable the same proportion as the length of the rental period bears to the length of the rating period.

2. As respects rental periods which precede the making, by the authority levying the rates, of their first demand for, or for an instalment of the rates for a rating period, the said amount shall be calculated on the basis that the rates for that rating period will be the same as the rates for the last preceding rating period.

3. —(1) On the making, by the authority levying the rates, of their first such demand, and on the making by them of any subsequent such demand, the said amount shall if necessary be recalculated on the basis that the rates for the rating period will be such as appears from the information given in the demand and any previous demands.

(2) Any such recalculation shall not affect the ascertainment of the rates for any rental period beginning more than six weeks before the date of the service of the demand giving rise to the recalculation.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

165

4. If, as the result of the settlement of a proposal, the rates payable for any rating period are decreased, the said amount shall be recalculated so as to give effect to the decrease; but any such recalculation shall not affect the ascertainment of the rates for any rental period beginning more than six weeks before the date of the settlement of the proposal.

5. In computing the rates for any rating period for the purposes of this Schedule, any discount, and any allowance made under any of the enactments relating to allowances given where rates are paid by the owner instead of by the occupier, shall be left out of account, and accordingly the said rates shall be computed as if no such discount and no such allowance had fallen to be, or had been, allowed or made.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Modifications of provisions of Act of 1954 in APPLICATION TO 1957 Ad INCREASES IN SCOTLAND

Section seventeen ...

Section twenty Section twenty-one ...

Section twenty-three... Section thirty-nine ...

Section forty-one

Second Schedule

In subsection (1), paragraph shall be omitted, and at the end of the section the following subsection shall be added—

" (4) A notice of intention to increase the rent by way of a 1957 Act increase shall not be served under this section in respect of a dwelling-house at any time within a period of four months after a notice of intention to increase the rent thereof by way of a repairs increase has been served in respect of the dwelling-house, and any notice served in contravention of this subsection shall be void".

In subsection (1) the words " and the First Schedule thereto " shall be omitted.

In subsection (3) for the word "two-fifths " there shall be substituted the word "one-quarter ".

In subsection (1) the words "and the First Schedule thereto " shall be omitted.

The definition of "controlled tenancy " and any reference to the First and Third Schedules to the Act of 1954 shall be omitted.

Subsection (1) shall have effect as if among the enactments therein mentioned there were included subsection (4) of section seven of this Act.

Any reference to section sixteen of the Act of 1954 shall include a reference to section seven of this Act.

In paragraph 3, sub-paragraphs ( and (c) shall be omitted.

Paragraph 5 shall be omitted.

2nd Sch.

—cont.

Section 8.

166

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 11.

FOURTH SCHEDULE Transitional provisions on decontrol

1. In this Schedule "the time of decontrol* means the time at which the Rent Acts cease to apply to a dwelling-house by virtue of

subsection (1) or (3) of section eleven of this Act.

2. —<1) Where immediately before the time of decontrol the dwelling-house was the subject of a statutory tenancy or of a controlled tenancy which would or might come to an end within fifteen months of that time by effluxion of time or notice to quit, the tenant under that tenancy shall be entitled until the date hereinafter mentioned, and subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, to retain possession of the dwelling-house in the like circumstances, to the like extent and subject to the like provisions (including in particular provisions as to recovery of possession by the landlord) as if the Rent Acts had not ceased to apply to the dwelling-house.

(2) The said date is such date as may be specified in a notice served on the tenant by the landlord at or after the time of decontrol, being a date not earlier than fifteen months after the time of decontrol nor than six months after the service of the notice, but nothing in this paragraph shall prevent the execution of an order for possession obtained by the landlord before the time of decontrol.

(3) Where for the purposes of section eleven of this Act the rateable value of the dwelling-house falls to be ascertained by apportionment, no notice shall be served under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph until the apportionment has been made in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(4) Where sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph applies and at any time between the time of decontrol and the time when the tenant ceases to be entitled to retain possession by virtue of this Schedule there is cuh-ent, in relation to the tenant, a period of residence protection (within the meaning of the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951), the date which may be specified in a notice under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph shall not be earlier than the expiration of fifteen months after the end of the period of residence protection, and any such notice served before die beginning of that period which specifies an earlier date, being a notice which would have had effect apart from this sub-paragraph, shall have effect as if the date specified therein were the date on which the said fifteen months expires.

(5) Where the tenancy in respect of which a notice is served under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph is terminable by notice to quit but has not been terminated by the date specified in the notice, the notice shall operate to terminate the tenancy at that date.

(6) This paragraph shall not apply to a tenancy to which, immediately after the time of decontrol. Part II of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954, applies.

3. Where sub-paragraph (1) of the foregoing paragraph applies the rent recoverable from the tenant for any rental penod beginning after the time of decontrol shall, whether the tenancy continues or

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

167

he retains possession by virtue of this Schedule, be the same as would have been recoverable if section one of this Act had provided in all cases for a rent limit equal to the rent recoverable from the tenant for the last rental period beginning before the time of decontrol, that rent limit being subject to adjustment under section three of this Act but not to any other alteration.

4. If before the date specified under sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule the landlord and tenant agree for the creation of a tenancy of the premises of which the tenant is entitled to retain possession by virtue of that paragraph, being a tenancy not expiring, or terminable by notice to quit given by the landlord, earlier than three years from the commencement thereof, the two last foregoing paragraphs shall cease to apply as from the commencement of that tenancy.

5. —(1) Where sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule applies, then if the tenant gives up possession of the dwelling-house at the end of the tenancy therein mentioned, or on ceasing to retain possession by virtue of this Schedule, he shall be entitled, if he has made a claim for the purpose at any time before giving up possession, to be paid by his landlord compensation in respect of any improvement on the dwelling-house, not being a fixture which he is by law entitled to remove, which on his giving up possession adds to the value of the dwelling-house, being an improvement made by him, by any other person who retained possession of the dwelling-house by virtue of this Schedule, or by any other person being a tenant under the said statutory or controlled tenancy, and completed after the fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

(2) The sum to be paid as compensation for any improvement shall not exceed the net addition to the value of the dwelling-house as a whole which may be determined to be the direct result of the improvement, allowance being made for any benefits which may have been received from the landlord or his predecessors in title in consideration expressly or impliedly of the improvement; and in determining the amount of the said net addition regard shall be had to the purposes for which it is intended that the dwelling-house shall be used after possession has been given up, and, if it is shown that it is intended to demolish or to make structural alterations in the dwelling-house or any part thereof or to use it for a different purpose, regard shall be had to the effect of such demolition, alteration or change of use on the additional value attributable to the improvement, and to the length of time likely to elapse between the giving up of possession and the demolition, alteration or change of use.

(3) In determining the amount of compensation under this paragraph regard shall be had to any diminution in the value of any other property belonging to the same landlord, or to any superior landlord from whom the immediate landlord directly or indirectly holds, which is the direct result of the improvement.

(4) No compensation shall be payable under this paragraph if the improvement is one of a kind for which a claim for compensation may be made under section one of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, or if the person by whom the improvement was made was under an obligation to make it in pursuance of a contract entered

4th Sch.

—cont.

168

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. into for valuable consideration, or if the improvement was made in —cont. breach of the terms of the controlled tenancy, or if before the com-

pletion thereof the landlord notified the person by whom it was made, in writing, that the landlord objected to the improvement

(5) Any question whether compensation is payable under this paragraph, or as to the amount of any such compensation, shall be determined by the county court; and if the court determines that, on account of the intention to demolish or alter, or to change the use of, the dwelling-house, no compensation or a reduced amount of compensation shall be paid, the court may authorise a further application for compensation to be made by the claimant if effect is not given to the intention within such time as may be fixed by the court.

(6) Where the landlord is himself a tenant of the dwelling-house, he may recover from his landlord such part (if any) of any compensation payable by him under this paragraph as may be agreed between the parties or determined by the county court to be just having regard to the terms of his tenancy, and in particular the length of the unexpired term thereof, and to all other relevant circumstances; and the foregoing provisions of this sub-paragraph shall apply in relation to sums recoverable thereunder as they apply to compensation under this paragraph.

(7) Section thirteen of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927 (which confers power to apply and raise capital money for the payment of compensation under that Act), shall apply to compensation or other sums (including costs, charges and expenses) payable by a landlord by virtue of this paragraph as it applies to such compensation and other sums as are mentioned in that section.

6. Where at the time of decontrol any proceedings are pending for the variation of the rent recoverable from the tenant no further steps shall be taken in the proceedings except in relation to costs.

7. Where a tenancy, not being one falling within sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule, continues after the time of decontrol, and immediately before that time any part of the rent recoverable was so recoverable (by virtue of any enactment) in addition to the rent recoverable under the terms of the tenancy,—

(a) neither the repeals effected by this Act nor anything in section eleven thereof shall affect the recovery of that part of the rent in respect of any rental period after the time of decontrol, but (b) if such a part of the rent consists of or includes an increase agreed or determined under section forty of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, in respect of services which the landlord is not under the terms of the tenancy liable to provide, then if those services are withheld in whole or in part during any rental period after the time of decontrol the rent recoverable for that period shall be decreased by an appropriate amount, and subsection (2) of section four of this Act shall apply for the purposes of determining any question whether, or by what amount, the recoverable rent is decreased by virtue of this paragraph.

8. Where at the time of decontrol any rent has been underpaid or any sum has been paid by way of rent which by virtue of the

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

169

Rent Acts or this Act is irrecoverable from the tenant, nothing in this Act shall be taken to affect the right of any person to recover that sum from any other person from whom he could have recovered it if the Rent Acts had continued to apply to the dwelling-house; and where any sum could under the Rent Acts have been recovered from the landlord by a deduction from rent it shall continue to be so recoverable notwithstanding that the Rent Acts have ceased to apply to the dwelling-house.

9. —(1) Where a tenancy which immediately before the time of decontrol was a controlled tenancy not falling within sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule contains a provision (however expressed) whereby the landlord is entitled, on or after the Rent Acts ceasing to apply to the dwelling-house, to increase the rent otherwise than in respect of rates, the provision of services or the use of furniture, and the amount by which the rent may be so increased is not specified by the terms of the tenancy, the tenant may by notice in writing served on the landlord not later than three months after the time of decontrol elect that as from the service of the notice the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall apply as if the tenancy had been such a tenancy as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule.

(2) Where a notice is served under this paragraph the tenancy to which it relates, and any sub-tenancy thereof (whether or not an immediate sub-tenancy), shall come to an end on the service of the notice; and if any such sub-tenancy was one falling within die foregoing sub-paragraph, then as from the service of the notice the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall apply as if the sub-tenancy had been such a tenancy as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule.

This sub-paragraph shall not prejudice the power of a sub-tenant to serve a notice under this paragraph where no such notice has been served by a superior tenant.

(3) In the case of a tenancy falling within sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, the rent shall not in any case be increased under the terms of the tenancy as respects a rental period beginning before the expiration of three months after the time of decontrol.

10. For the purposes of this Schedule the power of a tenant under a tenancy for a term of years to terminate the tenancy at a specified point during the term shall not be treated as a power to terminate the tenancy by notice to quit.

11. A statutory tenancy which, immediately before the time of decontrol, was one to which, but for paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section forty-three of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954, Part II of that Act would have applied if it had been a tenancy within the meaning of that Act, shall after the time of decontrol be deemed for the purposes of that Act to be a tenancy to which Part II thereof applies, being a tenancy continuing by virtue of section twenty-four of that Act after the expiry of a term of years certain, and accordingly paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall not apply to it.

12. Where any mortgaged property consists of or comprises one or more dwelling-houses to which the Rent Acts applied immediately

F*

4th Sch.

—cont.

170

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. before the time of decontrol those Acts shall, until the expiration of —eon/. fifteen months after the time of decontrol, have effect in relation to the mortgage as if they had not ceased to apply to the dwelling-house or dwelling-houses, and any question whether a mortgage is a mortgage to which those Acts apply, or whether or in what manner the principal moneys secured by a mortgage can be apportioned under subsection (5) of section twelve of the Act of 1920, shall be determined accordingly.

13. An order under subsection (3) of section eleven of this Act may provide that, in the application of the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to dwelling-houses excluded from the Rent Acts by virtue of the order, for references to fifteen months there shall be substituted references to such shorter period, not being less than six months, as may be specified in the order.

14. As respects any time after the time of decontrol, references in this Schedule to the tenant include references to any other person who by virtue of paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of section twelve of the Act of 1920 would have been entitled on the death of the tenant to retain possession if the Rent Acts had not ceased to apply to the dwelling-house.

15. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland,—

(a) in paragraph 3 for the words from " be the same as " to the

end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the words "be the same as was recoverable from him for the last rental period beginning before that time ";

(b) in paragraph 5 for any reference to the county court there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff, and in sub-paragraph (4) the words from " if the improvement is one " to " 1927, or ", and sub-paragraph (7) shall be omitted;

(c) in paragraph 7 for any reference to section forty of the

Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, there shall be substituted a reference to section thirty-one of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954, and for the words from "and subsection (2) of section four" to the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the words "and any question whether, or by what amount, the recoverable rent is decreased by virtue of this paragraph shall be determined by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant or by the sheriff; and any such determination may be made so as to relate to past rental periods and shall have effect as respects rental periods subsequent to the periods to which it relates until revoked or varied by such an agreement as aforesaid or by the sheriff "; and

() " mortgage " means a heritable security, including a security constituted by absolute disposition qualified by back bond or letter, and " mortgaged " shall be construed accordingly.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

171

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Ascertainment and adjustment of Rateable Value and 1956 Gross Value

Part I

Ascertainment of Rateable Value and adjustments for Pending Proposals

1. In relation to any premises in England or Wales, any reference in this Act to the rateable value on a particular date (hereinafter referred to as the "date of ascertainment") shall subject to die following provisions of this Part of this Schedule be construed—

(a) if the premises are a hereditament for which a rateable

value is then shown in the valuation list, as a reference to the rateable value of the hereditament, or where that value differs from the net annual value, the net annual value thereof, as shown in the valuation list on that date;

(b) if the premises form part only of such a hereditament, as a reference to such proportion of the said rateable value or net annual value as may be agreed in writing between the landlord and tenant or determined by the county court;

(c) if die premises consist of or form part of more than one such hereditament, to the aggregate of the rateable values (ascertained in accordance with the foregoing sub-para-graphs) of those hereditaments or parts.

2. —(1) The following provision shall have effect for the purposes of subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act or an order made under subsection (3) thereof, that is to say, where after the date of ascertainment the valuation list is altered so as to vary the rateable value of a hereditament, and the alteration has effect from a date not later than the date of ascertainment and is made in pursuance of a proposal to which this paragraph applies, the rateable value on the date of ascertainment of any dwelling-house consisting of or wholly or partly comprised in that hereditament shall be ascertained as if the amount of the rateable, or as the case may be net annual, value of that hereditament shown in the valuation list on the date of ascertainment had been the amount of that value shown in the list as altered.

(2) This paragraph applies to a proposal made—

(a) if the date of ascertainment is that specified in subsection (1)

of section eleven of this Act, before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven;

(b) if the date of ascertainment is a date specified in an order under subsection (3) of the said section eleven, before such date as may be specified by the order for the purposes of this provision.

3. —(1) Where the application or non-application of the Rent Acts to a dwelling-house may be affected by an alteration in the valuation 1ist made in pursuance of a proposal to which the foregoing paragraph applies, then-

fa) if the proposal is pending at the commencement of this Act, notiiing in subsection (1) of section eleven thereof, and

F* 2

Sections 11, 25.

172

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 E. 2

5th Sch. (A) if it is pending at the date specified in an order under sub-

—cont. section (3) of that section as the date from which the Rent

Acts are to cease to apply, nothing in the order,

shall exclude the application of the Rent Acts to the dwelling-house at any time before the proposal is settled.

(2) The foregoing sub-paragraph shall not have effect as respects the said subsection (1) in a case where the proposal is one for an alteration in the valuation list reducing the rateable value of the dwelling-house and that rateable value on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, was such that, if it had remained unaltered, the Rent Acts would apart from this and the last foregoing paragraph have ceased to apply to the dwelling-house by virtue of the said subsection (1); and in any such case the said subsection (1) (if it has effect in relation to the dwelling-house) shall have effect in relation thereto as from the commencement of this Act notwithstanding that at that date the proposal had not been settled.

4. The following provision shall have effect for the purposes of section twelve of this Act, that is to say, where after the date of ascertainment the valuation list is altered so as to vary the rateable value of a hereditament, and the alteration has effect from a date not later than the date of ascertainment, the rateable value on the date of ascertainment of any dwelling consisting of or comprised in that hereditament shall be ascertained as if the amount of the rateable, or as the case may be net annual, value of that hereditament shown in the valuation list on the date of ascertainment had been the amount of that value shown in the list as altered.

5. This Part of this Schedule shall apply to Scotland subject to the following modifications—

(a) for paragraph 1 there shall be substituted the following

paragraph—

*1. In relation to any premises in Scotland, any reference in this Act to the rateable value on a particular date (hereinafter referred to as ‘the date of ascertainment') shall, subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule, be construed as a reference to the rateable value thereof as shown in the valuation roll on that date, or where the premises form part only of lands and heritages shown in that roll, to such proportion of the rateable value of those lands and heritages as may be agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the sheriff.";

(b) for references to the valuation list and to a hereditament there shall be substituted references to the valuation roll and to lands and heritages, and any reference to net annual value shall be omitted;

(c) for any reference to a proposal to which paragraph 2 of this

Schedule applies there shall be substituted a reference to an appeal or complaint duly made in accordance with the provisions of the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854,

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

173

and the Acts amending that Act, against an entry in the valuation roll, and sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 2 shall be omitted;

() in paragraph 3, for heads (a) and (b) of sub-paragraph (1) there shall be substituted the words " nothing in subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act or in an order under subsection (3) of that section", and in sub-paragraph (2) for the words " the thirty-first day of March " there shall be substituted the words " the fifteenth day of May ";

(e) for the purposes of this Part of this Schedule an appeal or

complaint shall be taken to be settled when an alteration is made in the valuation roll to give effect to it, or when the appeal or complaint (including any further appeal to the Lands Valuation Appeal Court) is finally determined, or when the appeal or complaint is withdrawn, whichever first occurs.

Part n

Modification, in special cases, of 1956 Gross Value

6. If, in pursuance of a proposal made before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, or made on the ground of a change in the occupier or in the circumstances of occupation, the gross value shown for a hereditament in the valuation list is varied after the seventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-six. then, as regards any rental periods (whether beginning before or after the variation) the 1956 gross value of a dwelling being or forming part of that hereditament shall be ascertained by reference to the gross value as so varied.

7. Where a dwelling is or forms part of a hereditament for which no gross value was shown in the valuation list on the said seventh day of November, the provisions of this Act defining the 1956 gross value shall have effect in relation to the dwelling as if for the references to that date there were substituted references to the first subsequent date on which a gross value for that hereditament was shown in the valuation list.

8. Where in pursuance of a proposal made on the ground of a change in the occupier or circumstances of occupation the gross value shown in the valuation list is varied so as to take account of the state of the dwelling at a date after the commencement of this Act, a reference to that date shall, in relation to that dwelling, be substituted for the reference in section five of this Act to the commencement thereof.

9. Where a dwelling is or forms part of a hereditament the gross value of which, as shown in the valuation list, was arrived at after such a reduction as is provided for in subsection (3) of lection four of the Valuation for Rating Act, 1953 (which relates io certain hereditaments consisting partly of premises used wholly for the purposes of a private dwelling and partly of other premises) that gross value shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be further reduced by four-sevenths of so much thereof as is attributable to that part of the hereditament which is not used wholly for the

5th Sch.

—cont.

174

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

5th Sch. purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings; and a certificate —com. of the valuation officer shall be conclusive evidence of the amount so attributable.

10. Where a dwelling consists of or forms part of more than one hereditament, the 1956 gross value of the dwelling shall be ascertained by determining the 1956 gross value of each hereditament or part as if it were a separate dwelling and aggregating the gross values so determined; but in determining for the purposes of this paragraph the 1956 gross value of any hereditament the gross value of which is ascertained in accordance with the definition of gross value in section sixty-eight of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, that gross value shall be taken to be reduced by four-sevenths.

Part III

Reduction of 1956 Gross Value and Rateable Value in case

OF CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS

11. —(1) Where the tenant, or any previous tenant, under a controlled tenancy current at the commencement of this Act has made or contributed to the cost of an improvement on the premises comprised in the tenancy and the improvement is one to which this Part of this Schedule applies, then, if the tenant, not later than six weeks after the commencement of this Act, serves on the landlord a notice in the prescribed form requiring him to agree to a reduction under this Part of this Schedule.—

(a) the 1956 gross value of the premises, and

(b) their rateable value as ascertained for the purposes of subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act,

shall be reduced by such amount, if any, as may be agreed or determined in accordance with the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule.

(2) This Part of this Schedule applies to any improvement made before the seventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, by the execution of works amounting to structural alteration, extension or addition.

12. —<1) The amount of any such reduction may at any time be agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant.

(2) Where, at the expiration of a period of six weeks from the service of a notice under paragraph 11 of this Schedule any of the following matters has not been agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant, that is to say,—

(a) whether the improvement specified in the notice is an improvement to which this Part of this Schedule applies;

(h) what works were involved in it;

(c) whether the tenant or a previous tenant under the controlled

tenancy has made it or contributed to its cost; and

() what proportion his contribution, if any, bears to the whole cost;

the county court may on the application of the tenant determine that matter, and any such determination shall be final and conclusive.

e,

I

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

175

(3) An application under the last foregoing sub-paragraph must be made within three weeks from the expiration of the period mentioned therein or such longer time as the court may allow.

13.—(1) Where, after the service of a notice under paragraph 11 of this Schedule, it is agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the county court—

(a) that the improvement specified in the notice is one to which

this Part of this Schedule applies, and what works were involved in it; and

(b) that the tenant or a previous tenant under the controlled tenancy has made it or contributed to its cost, and, in the latter case, what proportion his contribution bears to the whole cost,

then if, at the expiration of a period of two weeks from the agreement or determination, it has not been agreed in writing between the landlord and the tenant whether any or what reduction is to be made under this Part of this Schedule, and the tenant, within two weeks from the expiration of that period, makes an application to the valuation officer for a certificate under the next following sub-paragraph, that question shall be determined in accordance with the certificate, unless the landlord and the tenant otherwise agree in writing.

(2) On any such application the valuation officer shall certify—

(a) whether or not the improvement has affected the 1956 gross

value and the rateable value on the seventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-six (as ascertained for tile purposes of subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act), of the hereditament of which the premises consist or, as the case may be, in which they are wholly or partly comprised, and

(b) if it has, the amount by which the said gross value and rateable value respectively would have been less if the improvement had not been made.

(3) An application for such a certificate shall be in the prescribed form and shall state the name and address of the landlord, and the valuation officer shall send a copy of the certificate to the landlord.

(4) Where the amount of the reduction under this Part of this Schedule falls to be determined in accordance with such a certificate, it shall be equal to the amount specified in pursuance of head (b) of sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, but proportionately reduced in any case where a proportion only of the cost was contributed by the tenant or a previous tenant under the controlled tenancy.

(5) Where at the time of an application for a certificate under this paragraph a proposal for an alteration in the valuation list relating to the hereditament is pending and the alteration would have effect from a date earlier than the eighth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, the valuation officer shall not issue the certificate until the proposal is settled.

5th Sch.

—cent.

176

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

5th Sch.

—con/.

Section 26.

14. Where the rateable value of a dwelling-house on the seventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, as ascertained for the purposes of subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act, is reduced under this Part of this Schedule and, as reduced, is not such that the application of the Rent Acts to the dwelling-house is excluded by the said subsection (1), nothing in that subsection shall be taken to have excluded the application of those Acts to the dwelling-house between the commencement of this Act and the time at which the reduction is agreed or determined.

15. An order under subsection (3) of the said section eleven may make provision as to the reduction of the rateable value of dwelling-houses for the purposes of the order corresponding (with such modifications as may be provided in the order) to so much of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Schedule as relates to rateable value.

Part IV

General provisions

16. Where, after a notice of increase has been served in respect of any dwelling, its 1956 gross value is reduced under paragraph 6 or under Part III of this Schedule, the notice shall not be invalidated but shall take effect so far as it can without causing the rent to exceed the rent limit.

17. For the purposes of this Schedule, a proposal shall be taken to be settled when an alteration is made in the valuation list so as to give effect to it, or to an agreement made in consequence of it, or when the proceedings on an appeal against, or a reference to arbitration relating to, an objection to the proposal (including any proceedings in consequence of such an appeal or reference to arbitration) are finally determined, or when the proposal is withdrawn, whichever first occurs.

SIXTH SCHEDULE

Minor and consequential amendments and application of

ENACTMENTS

Amendments consequential on provisions as to rent

1. Section fourteen of the Act of 1920 (which relates to the recovery by the tenant of sums overpaid by way of rent and other related matters) shall have effect as if any sum in respect of rent which is irrecoverable by virtue of this Act (including any sum irrecoverable by virtue of section fifteen thereof) were irrecoverable by virtue of the Act of 1920.

2. Subsection (1) of section six and subsection (1) of section eight of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1923 (which relate to the amendment of notices of increase of rent by the county court) shall apply to notices of increase under this Act.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

177

3. In section sixteen of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927 (which enables landlords to recover, as rent, sums in respect of increases in taxes, rates or fire premiums ascribable to improvements made by tenants) for the words from " anything to the contrary " to the end of the section there shall be substituted the words " and shall be so recoverable notwithstanding anything in the Rent Act, 1957".

4. In section four and subsection (1) of section eight of the Act of 1933 (which relate to excessive charges for sublet parts of dwellings and to the rectification of rent books) the references to recoverable rent shall be construed as references to the rent which is or was for the time being recoverable having regard to the provisions of this Act, and references to rent which is irrecoverable shall be construed accordingly.

5. In paragraph 2 of the First Schedule to the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949 (which provides for the recovery of premiums by deduction from rent) for the words from " shall not" in sub-paragraph (1) to the end of sub-paragraph (2) there shall be substituted the words " shall not exceed the rent recoverable in accordance with the provisions of the Rent Act, 1957 (other than paragraph 5 of the Sixth Schedule thereto) less the rental equivalent of the premium

6. —(1) As respects any statutory tenancy arising after the commencement of this Act under section sixteen, seventeen or eighteen of the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951, the provisions of the three following sub-paragraphs shall have effect in substitution for the provisions of those sections as to standard rents.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the rent for any rental period for which it is neither increased nor reduced under the provisions of this Act other than this paragraph shall be of an amount equal to the rent limit ascertained under subsection (1) of section one of this Act.

(3) Where the rent payable for the last rental period of the tenancy qualifying for protection referred to in section sixteen or section seventeen of the said Act of 1951, (hereinafter referred to as "the contractual rent") was greater than the amount mentioned in the last foregoing sub-paragraph, the rent payable for any such rental period as is mentioned in that sub-paragraph shall be of an amount equal to the contractual rent; and where this sub-paragraph has effect the rent limit shall be an amount equal to the contractual rent, but subject to adjustment from time to time under sections three and four of this Act and under section five thereof except as respects improvements completed before the beginning of the statutory tenancy, and to reduction as provided by Part II of the First Schedule to this Act in case of disrepair.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall have effect subject to any agreement between the parties for the payment of a lower rent; and where a lower rent is agreed it shall not be increased under this Act, but may notwithstanding anything in this Act be increased up to the rent limit by agreement in writing between the parties.

6th Sch.

—cont.

178

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

6th Sch. 7. In paragraph (h) of subsection (1) of section six of the Land-

—cont. lord and Tenant Act, 1954, for the words " so agreed or determined "

there shall be substituted the words " agreed or determined in accordance with the next following section

8. —(1) In relation to any statutory tenancy created under Part I of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954, after the commencement of this Act, any reference in sections seven and nine of that Act to the rent which is to be the standard rent of the dwelling-house during the period of the statutory tenancy shall be construed as a reference to the rent which during the period of the statutory tenancy is to be the rent for any rental period for which it is neither increased nor reduced under the provisions of this Act other than this paragraph.

(2) The last-mentioned rent shall, unless a lower rent is agreed, be an amount equal to the rent limit, ascertained under subsection (1) of section one of this Act; and where a lower rent is agreed it shall not be increased under this Act but notwithstanding anything therein may be increased up to that limit by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant.

(3) The foregoing sub-paragraph shall not apply to a dwelling-house such that at the beginning of the period of the statutory tenancy it would but for subsection (4) of section eleven of this Act be excluded from the Rent Acts by subsection (1) or subsection (3) of that section; but in the case of any such dwelling-house the rent limit during the period of the statutory tenancy shall, notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of section one of this Act, be the rent agreed or determined under section seven of the Landlord and Tenant Act. 1954, subject however to the provisions of subsection (2) of section one of this Act.

9. At the end of paragraph 9 of the First Schedule to the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954 (which provides, in certain cases, for the recovery of instalments of a payment for accrued tenant's repairs as if it were rent) there shall be added the words " and shall be so recoverable notwithstanding anything in the Rent Act, 1957 ".

10. In the Second Schedule to the said Act of 1954, at the end of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 1 (which empowers the court to order a reduction of rent where the landlord fails to carry out initial repairs) there shall be added the words " and any such order shall have effect notwithstanding anything in the Rent Act, 1957 ".

Amendments consequential on section twenty

11. In paragraph (e) of subsection (2) of section three of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act, 1924, for the words from "the appropriate normal rent" to "local authority themselves" there shall be substituted the words " the limit imposed by section twenty of the Rent Act, 1957

12. In subsection (1) of section three of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926, the following paragraph shall be substituted for paragraph (b)—

" (b) the rent payable by the occupier in respect of the dwelling shall not exceed the limit imposed by section twenty of the Rent Act, 1957, and no fine, premium or other like sum shall be taken in addition to the rent ".

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

179

13. In subsection (1) of section three of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act, 1938, the following paragraph shall be substituted for paragraph (b)—

" (6) if let, is let at a rent not exceeding the limit imposed by section twenty of the Rent Act, 1957

14. In subsection (1) of section twenty-three of the Housing Act, 1949, the following words shall be substituted for heads (i) and (ii) of paragraph (c)—

" the limit imposed by section twenty of the Rent Act, 1957

Amendments consequential on section twenty-one

15. —(1) The Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954, shall be amended as follows.

(2) In subsection (1) of section two, the words "at a low rent" where they first occur shall be omitted, and for the words " if the tenancy had not been one at a low rent " there shall be substituted the words " if the tenancy had not been a long tenancy and (in the case of a tenancy at a low rent) had not been a tenancy at a low lent".

(3) In subsections (2) and (3) of section two and in sections eighteen and nineteen, the words " at a low rent " shall be omitted wherever those words occur.

(4) In subsection (3) of section three, for the words " if the tenancy in question were not one at a low rent" there shall be substituted the words " if the tenancy in question were not a long tenancy and (in the case of a tenancy at a low rent) were not a tenancy at a low rent".

(5) In subsection (2) of section twelve, in paragraphs (a) and (6), for the words " if the tenancy were not one at a low rent " there shall be substituted the words " if the tenancy were not a long tenancy and (in the case of a tenancy at a low rent) were not a tenancy at a low rent ".

(6) In subsection (1) of section nineteen, immediately before the words " the second tenancy " there shall be inserted the words " and the second tenancy is a tenancy at a low rent

Miscellaneous amendments and application of enactments

16. Sections nine and ten of the Act of 1920 (which relate to furnished lettings) shall cease to have effect.

17. In subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Act of 1920 (which, as amended, imposes a penalty of twenty pounds for offences in connection with rent books), for the words M twenty pounds " there shall be substituted the words M fifty pounds

18. In sections ten and eleven of the Act of 1933 (which confer on local authorities power to publish information and power to prosecute for offences) the references to the principal Acts shall be deemed to include references to the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949, and this Act

6th Sch.

—cont.

180

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

6th Sch. 19. The power conferred by section fourteen of the Act of 1933 to

—cont. make regulations shall include power to make regulations prescribing

forms for notices, certificates and other documents required or authorised under this Act and requiring such notices, certificates and documents to contain such information as may be specified in the regulations.

20. In subsection (3) of the said section fourteen (which imposes a penalty of ten pounds for the use of rent books not conforming to the prescribed requirements), for the words " ten pounds " there shall be substituted the words " fifty pounds ".

21. For paragraph (h) of the First Schedule to the Act of 1933 (which relates to possession without proof of alternative accommodation), the following paragraph shall be substituted—

" ( h) the dwelling-house is reasonably required by the landlord (not being a landlord who has become landlord by purchasing the dwelling-house or any interest therein after the seventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-six) for occupation as a residence for—

(i) himself; or

(ii) any son or daughter of his over eighteen years of age; or

(iii) his father or mother.*

22. Section two of the Housing Act, 1936 (which implies, in contracts for letting at rents below specified limits, a condition as to fitness for human habitation), shall have effect, in relation to contracts entered into after the commencement of this Act, as if for the words " forty pounds " and " twenty-six pounds " there were substituted respectively the words "eighty pounds" and "fifty-two pounds ".

23. Section one hundred and sixty-seven of the Housing Act, 1936 (which relates to the service of notices) shall apply to the service of notices, certificates and documents required or authorised to be served under this Act, and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision, shall apply to the service of such notices, certificates and documents by virtue of subsection (5) of section seven of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1938, as applied by this Schedule on an agent of the landlord or a person receiving the rent.

24. Subsection (5) of section seven of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1938 (which enables documents to be served on agents or persons receiving rent and compels such persons to disclose the name and address of the landlord) shall apply for the purposes of this Act as if references therein to the principal Act included references to this Act.

25. —(1) In subsection (2) of section sixteen of the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951, there shall be added at the end of paragraph (bb) the words "or by or under section eleven of the Rent Act, 1957", but the Rent Acts shall not apply by virtue of this sub-paragraph where on the coming to an end of the tenancy qualifying for protection the tenant is entitled to retain possession by virtue of the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

181

(2) Nothing in section eleven of this Act or any order thereunder shall affect any statutory tenancy which by virtue of the said Act of 1951 is subsisting at the commencement of this Act or the date specified in the order as the date on which the Rent Acts are to cease to apply.

(3) At the end of subsection (2) of section sixteen of the said Act of 1951 there shall be added the following paragraph: —

" (/) that the tenancy qualifying for protection was a long tenancy as defined in section two of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954

(4) In subsection (4) of section nineteen of the said Act of 1951, for the words * as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section " there shall be substituted the words "as mentioned in subsection (1) of section sixteen or subsection (1) of section eighteen of this Act, or apply by virtue of section seventeen of this Act".

26. —(1) Section thirty-three of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954 (under which a tenancy where the interest of the landlord belongs to a housing association is not a controlled tenancy if the condition specified in subsection (2) of that section is fulfilled) shall have effect as if at the end of the said subsection (2) there were added the following: —

"or

(c) the premises comprised in the tenancy were provided by the housing association with the assistance of a local authority or county council under subsection (3) of section ninety-three of the Housing Act, 1936, or were provided or improved by the housing association in accordance with arrangements made under section thirty-one of the Housing Act, 1949 "

(2) Subsection (8) of the said section thirty-three (which provides for the variation of arrangements between housing associations and local authorities) shall apply in relation to agreements and arrangements entered into before the commencement of this Act in connection with the assistance mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph or under section thirty-one of the said Act of 1949 as it applies in relation to the arrangements mentioned in that subsection.

27. —(1) In section forty-three of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954, in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) after the words " 1920 " there shall be inserted the words "or subsection (1) of section twenty-one of the Rent Act, 1957

(2) In paragraph 1 of the Third Schedule to the said Act of 1954, for the words " the twenty-first day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty " in paragraph (« a) of the proviso there shall be substituted the words " the seventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-six

Provisions as to Scotland

28. Section five of the Removal Terms (Scotland) Act, 1886, shall have effect as if at the end thereof there were added the following: —

"Provided that in no case shall notice of removal be given less than twenty-eight days before the date on which it is to take effect"

6th Sch. —cont.

182

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

6th Sch. 29. Section thirty-eight of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907,

—cont. shall have effect as if at the end thereof there were added the

following: —

" Provided that in no oase shall notice of removal be given less than twenty-eight days before the date on which it is to take effect"

30. —(1) The House Letting and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1911, shall be amended as follows.

(2) In section four for the words 44 the next payment " in the first place where they occur there shall be substituted the words 44 a payment", and for those words in the second place where they occur there shall be substituted the words 44that payment", and in paragraph (b) of the proviso for the words from 44 except " to the end of the section there shall be substituted the words 44 so, however, that in no case shall the notice be given less than twenty-eight days before the date on which it is to take effect."

(3) In section five for the words 44 forty-eight hours " there shall be substituted the words44 twenty-eight days ".

31. Where a repayment has been or will be made under section twelve of the Clean Air Act, 1956, in respect of an improvement the reference in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920 to the amount expended on the improvement shall be construed as a reference to that amount diminished by the amount of the repayment.

32. —(1) Section twenty-five of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954 (under which a tenancy where the interest of the landlord belongs to a housing association is not a controlled tenancy if the condition specified in subsection (2) of that section is fulfilled) shall have effect as if at the end of the said subsection (2) there were added the following: —

44 or

(c) the premises comprised in the tenancy were provided by the housing association with the assistance of a local authority under subsection (2) of section seventy-nine of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950. or were improved by the housing association in accordance with arrangements made under section one hundred and twenty-one of that Act ".

(2) Subsection (7) of the said section twenty-five (which provides for the variation of arrangements between housing associations and local authorities) shall apply in relation to agreements and arrangements entered into before the commencement of this Act in connection with the assistance mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph or under section one hundred and twenty-one of the said Act of 1950 as it applies in relation to the arrangements mentioned in that subsection.

(3) Paragraph 9 of the First Schedule to the said Act of 1954 shall have effect as if at the end there were added the following sub-paragraph—

44 (c) if or in so far as the cost thereof has been or will be repaid under section twelve of the Clean Air Act, 1956 ",

1957 Rent Act, 1957 Ch. 25

33.—(1) Paragraph 1, paragraphs 16 to 21, paragraphs 23 and 24, sub-paragraphs (1), (2) and (4) of paragraph 25, and paragraphs 28 to 32 of this Schedule shall apply to Scotland subject to the modifications hereinafter mentioned, but save as aforesaid the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall not apply to Scotland.

(2) Nothing in paragraph 19 shall apply to any notice served for the purposes of section seven or nine of this Act.

(3) In paragraph 23 for the reference to section one hundred and sixty-seven of the Housing Act. 1936. there shall be substituted a reference to section three hundred and forty-nine of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, subject however to the modification that any reference in that section to a local authority shall include a reference to any person other than a local authority.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE General transitional provisions

1. If, at the commencement of this Act, any agreement or determination of a tribunal made or given for the purposes of paragraph (h) of subsection (3) of section twenty-four of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, is in force in the case of a controlled tenancy, that agreement or determination shall, until an agreement or determination is made under paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act, be deemed to be an agreement or determination made under that paragraph.

2. —(1) The following provisions of this paragraph shall have effect with respect to improvements completed before the commencement of this Act.

(2) Where a notice of increase under section three of the Act of 1920 has been served in respect of the improvement but the service was effected less than four weeks before the commencement of this Act, sections one and two of this Act shall, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, have effect, in relation to any rental period beginning more than four weeks after the service of the notice, as if the notice had taken effect as from the beginning of the basic rental period.

(3) Where the improvement was completed after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-six and has not affected the 1956 gross value of the dwelling, then, if the rent limit under a controlled tenancy of the dwelling falls to be ascertained under subsection (1) of section one of this Act, the rent limit shall, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, be increased by eight per cent, per annum of the amount expended on the improvement by die landlord or any superior landlord or any person from whom the landlord or any superior landlord derives title.

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, where the last foregoing sub-paragraph applies or a notice of increase was served in respect of the improvement under section three of the Act of 1920 less than four weeks before the commencement of this Act, subsections (3) and (4) of section five of this Act shall apply in relation to the increase authorised by the last foregoing sub-paragraph, or.

183

6th Sch.

— con

Section 26.

184

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz.

7th Sch.

—con/.

as the case may be, specified in the said notice, as they apply in relation to an increase authorised by the said section five, but with the modification that, except where no notice of increase under the Act of 1920 was ever served in respect of the improvement, the period within which an application to the court may be made under the said subsection (3) shall be one month after the commencement of this Act or such longer time as the court may allow and that paragraph (b) of the proviso to the said subsection (3) shall not apply.

(5) Where before the commencement of this Act the tenant has applied to the court (under the proviso to paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920) for an order suspending or reducing an increase of rent in respect of an improvement no application in respect thereof shall be made under the last foregoing sub-paragraph; but if the application under the said proviso has not been finally determined at the commencement of this Act, proceedings on the application may be continued notwithstanding the repeals effected by this Act and effect shall be given, in ascertaining the rent limit and the rent recoverable for any rental period, to any order made on the application.

(6) A certificate of the valuation officer that an improvement has or has not affected the 1956 gross value of a dwelling shall be conclusive for the purposes of sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph.

3. —(1) Any certificate of a local authority under subsection (1) of section twenty-six of the Housing, Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, and any certificate of a sanitary authority having effect (under paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section twenty-seven of that Act) as if it were a certificate under Part II thereof, being a certificate in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, shall, to the extent that it specifies any defects as regards the state of repair of any dwelling, have effect after the commencement of this Act as if it were a certificate of disrepair under this Act; but nothing in this paragraph or in the repeals effected by this Act shall affect the power of the county court in proceedings pending at the commencement of this Act to order that die certificate shall cease to be in force.

(2) Where any such certificate as aforesaid ceases to have effect (whether by virtue of an order of the court or in consequence of being cancelled by the local authority), sections one and two of this Act shall have effect, in relation to any rental period beginning after the date as from which it ceases to have effect, as if it had ceased to have effect immediately before the basic rental period.

4. Where any increase in the rent recoverable under a controlled tenancy current at the commencement of this Act took effect before the commencement of this Act but after the beginning of the basic rental period, section one of this Act shall have effect as if for references to the rent recoverable for the basic rental period there were substituted references to the rent that would have been recoverable for that period if the increase had taken effect before the beginning thereof.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

185

EIGHTH SCHEDULE Repeals Part I

Enactments repealed as respects England and Wales

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 5. The Increase of Rent c. 17. and Mortgage Interest

(Restrictions) Act, 1920.

In section one, the words "the rent of any dwelling-house to which this Act applies, or ", the words 44 the increased rent or ", the words 44 standard rent or ", the words 44 the tenant or ", the words "as the case may be", and the proviso.

Section two.

In section three, in subsection (1) the words 44 any increase of rent except in respect of a period during which but for this Act the landlord would be entitled to obtain possession, or4 * and the whole of subsections (2) and (3).

Sections nine to eleven.

In section twelve, in subsection (1), paragraphs (a), (c) and (</)» in subsection (2) the words 44 either the annual amount of the standard rent or", in subsection (3), the words44 standard rent or" and the words "the rent at the date in relation to which the standard rent is to be fixed, or ", and in subsection (7)

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 13.

The Rent Restrictions (Notices of Increase) Act. 1923.

the words from44 and this Act " to the end of the subsection. The whole Act.

13 A14 Geo. 5. c. 32.

The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1923.

In section four, in subsection (7) of the section directed to be substituted for section five of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920, the words from 44 and in any such case 44 to the end of the subsection.

Section seven.

Subsection (3) of section eight.

Subsection (2) of section ten.

Section eleven.

In section eighteen, subsections (2) and (3).

14 A13 Geo. 5. The Housing (Financial c. 35. Provisions) Act, 1924.

Subsection (3) of section three.

Section 26.

186

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

8th Sch.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 32.

26 Geo. 5 & 1

The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933.

The Housing Act, 1936

In section four, in subsection (2) the words "neither an apportionment of standard rent as between the dwelling-house and the sublet part thereof " and the words " apportionment or ", and in subsection (3) the words from the beginning to "apply, or" and the words "apportionment or ".

Sections six and seven.

In the Second Schedule, the entry relating to section eighteen of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1923.

Subsection (2) of section sixty-five.

Edw. 8.C.51.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Increase of Rent c. 26. and Mortgage Interest

(Restrictions) Act, 1938.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 35.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 71.

The Housing (Rural Workers) Amendment Act, 1938.

The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1939.

Section five.

Subsections (2) and (4) of section seven.

In the Second Schedule, the amendments of section fourteen of the Act of 1920, of section three of the Rent Restrictions (Notices of Increase) Act, 1923, of section seven of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1923, and of the First Schedule to the Act of 1933.

Sections four and six.

In the First Schedule-

in the entry relating to section one of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920, the words " the increased rent or " the words "standard rent or* and the words "if the increased rent exceeds the standard rent by more than the amount permitted under this Act or, as the case may be ", the whole of the entries relating to sections two, three, nine and ten of that Act and in the first paragraph of the entry relating to section twelve of that Act the words "(a) and";

the entry relating to section seven of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1923; and

v^»

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

187

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Rent and Mortgage c. 71—coni. Interest Restrictions

Act, 1939—cont.

the entry relating to section six of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933, and so much of the entry relating to the First Schedule to that

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 34.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 48.

12, 13 14

Geo. 6. c. 40.

12, 13 14

Geo. 6. c. 47.

The Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act, 1946.

The Housing (Financial and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1946.

The Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949.

The Finance Act, 1949.

Act as relates to paragraph ( h) thereof.

In section seven, the words from the beginning to " save as aforesaid ".

Subsection (2) of section thirteen.

Sections one, four, five and six.

In section eight, in subsection (2) the words " standard rent or ", subsections (3) and (4), in subsection (8) the words " Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section " and subsection (9).

Subsection (10) of section forty.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 60.

The Housing Act, 1949.

14 & 15 Geo.6. The Reserve and c. 65. Auxiliary Forces

(Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. Sc 1 Eliz. 2. c. 40.

The Crown Lessees (Protection of Sub-Tenants) Act, 1952.

Section twenty-two.

In section twenty-seven, the proviso to subsection (2).

In section twenty-eight, in subsection (2), the words "and six ".

Section twenty-nine.

In section sixteen, in subsection

(1) the words from "but shall" to the end of the subsection and subsections (3) to (8).

In section seventeen, in subsection (1) the words "then subject to the next succeeding subsection " and subsection (2).

In section eighteen, subsection (2).

In section nineteen, subsections

(2) and (3).

In section two, proviso (a) to subsection (1); and subsections (2) and (3).

In the Schedule, paragraph (a) of the entry relating to section one of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920, and the whole of the entries relating to sections two, nine and ten of that Act and to section six of and the First Schedule to the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933.

8th Sch.

—cont.

188

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz.2

8th Sch.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

The Housing Act, 1952.

2 A 3 Eliz. 2. The Housing Repairs c. 53. and Rents Act, 1954.

In section three, in subsection (3) the words following paragraph 0b).

In section four, subsection (2).

In section sixteen, subsections (6) and (8).

Sections twenty-three to thirty-two.

Subsection (5) of section thirty-three.

2 A 3 Eliz. 2. The Landlord and c. 56. Tenant Act, 1954.

Sections thirty-four, thirty-six to thirty-eight, forty and forty-four.

Subsection (1) of section forty-five.

Sections forty-six to forty-eight.

In section forty-nine, in subsection (1), the definitions of "Act of 1923", "Act of 1938", "good repair", "repair ", " repairs " and " repairs increase "; and subsection (3).

The Second and Third Schedules.

In the Fourth Schedule, in the Table in paragraph 1 the words "section 2 (1) (a) ", the words " section 2 (1) ( ) ", the words " section nine (1) ", the words "section ten", and the words " Act of 1933 .... Schedule 1, paragraph (h) and paragraphs 2 and 4.

In section two, the words " at a low rent" in the first place where they occur in subsection (1) and where they occur in subsections (2) and (3).

In section six, in subsection (1), the words " at a rent equal to the standard rent agreed or determined in accordance with

the next following section"; in subsection (4) the words from " subject to the following adaptations " to " as aforesaid "; and subsection (5).

In section seven, in subsection (1) the words " standard rent of the dwelling-house during the period of the statutory tenancy, and the other ", and the words from "and for the avoidance of doubt " to the end of the subsection; and in subsection (2) the word "rent ", in the first place where it occurs in paragraph (b) and the word "standard " in that paragraph.

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

189

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Landlord and Section eleven.

c. 56—cont. Tenant Act, 1954 —cont. In sections eighteen and nineteen, the words "at a low rent*’ wherever they occur.

3 A 4 Eliz. Z The Requisitioned In section four, in paragraph (b)

c. 24. Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act, 1955. of subsection (2) the words from "at a rent*’ to "this section *, and in subsection (3) the words from "and for the purposes* to the end of the subsection.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c.9. The Rating and Valuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1955. Section twelve.

8th Sch. —cont.

Part n

Enactments repealed as respects Scotland

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

lO&llGeo. 5. The Increase of Rent c. 17. and Mortgage Interest

(Restrictions) Act, 1920.

Sections nine and ten.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. The Rent and Mortgage c. 32. Interest Restrictions

Act, 1923.

In section four, in subsection (7) of the section directed to be substituted for section five of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920, the words from "and in any such case* to the end of the subsection.

1 & 2 Geo. 6.

c. 26.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 71.

The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1938.

The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1939.

Subsection (2) of section ten.

Subsection (4) of section seven.

In the Second Schedule, the amendments of section fourteen of the Act of 1920 and of the First Schedule to the Act of 1933.

In the First Schedule the whole of the entries relating to sections nine and ten of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920; and so much of the entry relating to the First Schedule to the Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) (Amendment) Act, 1933, as relates to paragraph (h) thereof.

6 A 7 Geo. 6.

c. 44.

The Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act, 1943.

In section five the words from the beginning to " save as aforesaid *.

190

Ch. 25

Rent Act, 1957

5 & 6 Buz. 2

8th Sch. —cant.

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

14 & 15 Geo. 6. The Reserve and c. 65. Auxiliary Forces

(Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951.

In section nineteen, subsection (2).

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 40.

The Crown Lessees (Protection of Sub-Tenants) Act, 1952.

In the Schedule the whole of the entries relating to sections nine and ten of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920, and the First

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 50.

The Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954.

Schedule to the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933.

Sections twenty-six and thirty-four.

In subsection (1) of section thirty-nine, in the definition of '* dwelling-house'*, the words "or prospective controlled tenancy*.

In the Third Schedule, in the Table in paragraph 1, the words " Section 9 (1) ", " section 10 * and the words "Act of 1933 ... Schedule 1, paragraph (A) *.

COO

1957

Rent Act, 1957

Ch. 25

191

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854

Public Health Act, 1875

Removal Terms (Scotland) Act, 1886

Private Street Works Act, 1892

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907

House Letting and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1911 Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest

(Restrictions) Act, 1920

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act,

17 & 18 Vict. c. 91.

38 & 39 Vict c. 55. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 50. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 57.

7 Edw. 7. c. 51.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 53.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 17.

1923

Housing (Financial Provisions) Act, 1924

Rating and Valuation Act, 1925

Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926

Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927

Land Drainage Act, 1930

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions

(Amendment) Act, 1933

Public Health Act, 1936

Public Health (London) Act, 1936

Housing Act, 1936

Housing (Financial Provisions) Act, 1938 Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest

(Restrictions) Act, 1938

Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland)

Act, 1943

Town and Country Planning Act, 1944 Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act, 1946 ... Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Local Government Act, 1948

Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949

Housing Act, 1949

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950

Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of

Civil Interests) Act, 1951

Housing Act, 1952

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 32.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 35.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 90.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 56.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 36.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 44.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 32.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 49. 26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8.C.50. 26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 51. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 16.

I & 2 Geo. 6. c. 26.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 44.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 47.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 34.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

II & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 40. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 60. 14 Geo. 6. c. 34.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 65.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions)

Act, 1953

Valuation for Rating Act, 1953

Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954

Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act,

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954

Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954

Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act, 1955

Local Government (Street Works) (Scotland)

Act, 1956

Clean Air Act, 1956

Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956 ...

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 42.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 13.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 50. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 56.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 24.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 40. 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 52. 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 60.

192

Ch. 26

National Insurance , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Re-entry into regular employment after

retirement.

CHAPTER 26

National Insurance , 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Re-entry into regular employment after retirement.

2. Benefits for persons over pensionable age.

3. Benefits in respect of adult dependants.

4. Treatment of days as days of unemployment.

5. Child’s special allowance.

6. Benefits in respect of children.

7. Amendments as to death grant.

8. Contributions of insured persons under sixteen.

9. Regulations—miscellaneous and general.

10. Citation, construction, commencement and extent.

Schedule—Corresponding amendments of other enactments.

An Act to provide for modifying the provisions of the National Insurance Act, 1946, under which persons are treated as having retired; to amend the conditions of entitlement to certain benefits payable out of the National Insurance Fund or the Industrial Injuries Fund; to provide for an additional description of benefit under the aforesaid Act in respect of a child; to amend the provisions of that Act as to contributions in respect of periods as an insured person under the age of sixteen; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[6th June, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Regulations may provide that, in the case of a person of such description as may be prescribed who—

(a) has retired for the purposes of the National Insurance Act, 1946 (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") from regular employment or has otherwise become entitled to a retirement pension but is, in the case of a woman, under the age of sixty-five or, in the case of a man, under the age of seventy; and

(6) elects, in such manner and in accordance with such conditions as may be prescribed, that the regulations shall apply in his case, the principal Act shall have effect as if that person had not retired or become entitled as aforesaid:

Provided that, where a husband and wife have both become entitled to retirement pensions by virtue of the husband's insurance, the husband shall not be entitled to elect as aforesaid

1957

National Insurance , 1957

Ch. 26

193

without the consent of the wife, unless that consent is unreasonably withheld.

(2) Any such regulations may make such modifications of the principal Act or this Act in the application thereof in a case where a person elects as aforesaid as may appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient, and may in particular provide for determining how contributions paid by that person, whether before or after that person’s first retirement or, as the case may be, first becoming entitled to a retirement pension, are to be dealt with for the purposes of subsection (4) of section twenty of the principal Act.

2.—(1) In relation to a woman who attains pensionable age on or after the date of commencement of this subsection and who, immediately before attaining that age, is entitled to widow’s benefit—

(a) paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section twenty-one of

the principal Act (which provides for a woman to be entitled to a retirement pension by virtue of the insurance of a husband in respect of whose death she was immediately before attaining pensionable age entitled to widow’s benefit) shall not apply;

(b) subsection (6) of the said section twenty-one (which provides that where a woman, immediately before attaining pensionable age, is a widow not entitled to widow’s benefit, account may be taken of her husband’s contributions for the purpose of her right to a retirement pension by virtue of her own insurance) shall have effect as if the words " not entitled to widow’s benefit " were omitted;

(c) the following provisions of the principal Act, that is to

say, paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section seventeen (which limits the payment of a widow’s pension to periods during which the widow is under pensionable age) and paragraph (a) of subsection (1) and paragraph

(a) of subsection (4) of section eighteen (which paragraphs confer certain rights with respect to a widow’s pension on a widow who is under pensionable age) shall have effect as if after the words " pensionable age " in each of those paragraphs there were inserted the words "or, being over pensionable age, has not retired from regular employment "; and

(d) regulations made by virtue of subsection (3) of section seventy-one of the principal Act (which relates to certain women over the age of fifty immediately before the appointed day for the purposes of that Act) shall not apply.

(2) The proviso to subsection (2) of section twenty-one of the principal Act (which provides that if a widow entitled to a

o

Benefits for persons over pensionable age.

194

Ch. 26

National Insurance Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eli/. 2

retirement pension by virtue of her late husband’s insurance remarries, the pension shall not be payable for any subsequent period) shall not apply in relation to such a widow who remarries after the commencement of subsection (1) of this section.

(3) For subsections (1) to (3) of section twenty-six of the principal Act (which makes provision as to unemployment and sickness benefit for persons over pensionable age) there shall be substituted the following two subsections: —

’* (1) Subject to the next following subsection, a person who is over pensionable age but has not retired from regular employment shall be entitled to unemployment or sickness benefit in respect of any day for which he would be so entitled if for the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) and

(b) of subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act there were substituted a condition that on the day for which benefit is claimed he would be entitled to a retirement pension had he retired from regular employment on attaining pensionable age and made the necessary claim.

(2) Where unemployment or sickness benefit is payable by virtue of this section—

(a) the weekly rate thereof, apart from any increase by

virtue of any provision of this Act, shall be that at which, apart from any such increase, the said retirement pension would have been payable;

(b) paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (2) of section twenty-four of this Act shall not apply in relation to the unemployment or sickness benefit; and

(c) if the beneficiary would have been entitled to the retire-

ment pension only by virtue of section twenty-five of this Act, that section shall have effect in relation to an increase of the weekly rate of unemployment or sickness benefit as if he were entitled to that benefit only by virtue of that section and as if the relevant contribution conditions for that benefit were those for the retirement pension "; and consequently in subsection (4) of the said section twenty-six the words " (including the rate of any increase thereof) " shall cease to have effect:

Provided that where a person was in receipt of unemployment or sickness benefit by virtue of the said section twenty-six immediately before the commencement of this subsection, then, for so long as that person would have continued without a break to receive one or other of those benefits if this subsection had not been passed, he shall continue to receive that benefit at a weekly rate, including any increase by virtue of any provision of the principal Act, not less than that at which the benefit would have been payable if this subsection had not been passed.

(4) For paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section twenty of the principal Act (which relates to the circumstances in which a

1957

National Insurance , 1957

Ch. 26

195

person may be treated as having retired from regular employment) there shall be substituted the following—

" (b) subject to the next following paragraph, a person shall not be treated as having retired from regular employment unless he has complied with the prescribed requirements as to notice of the date of his retirement and—

(i) where the date of retirement specified in the notice falls before the date when the notice is given, that person shall not be treated as having so retired earlier than on the date of commencement of the prescribed period before the giving of the notice;

(ii) where the date of retirement specified in the notice falls after the date when the notice is given, an award of a retirement pension as from the date of retirement so specified may be made before that date but shall be conditional on that person’s having retired on or before that date."

3.—(1) In subsection (1) of section twenty-four of the principal Act, as amended by section six of the National Insurance Act, 1951 (which provides for the weekly rate of certain benefits to be increased by a specified amount for any period during which the beneficiary is residing with or is wholly or mainly maintaining his wife and her weekly earnings do not exceed twenty or, in certain circumstances, forty shillings)—

(a) for the words " wholly or mainly maintaining " there

shall be substituted the words " contributing at a weekly rate of not less than that amount to the maintenance of"; and

(b) for the words from " exceed " onwards there shall be

substituted the words " exceed forty shillings "; and the said section six is hereby repealed.

(2) Immediately after subsection (2) of the said section twenty-four (which by paragraph (c) thereof provides for an increase in the weekly rate of unemployment or sickness benefit for any period during which a female person other than a child has the care of a child of the beneficiary’s family) there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (2A) The weekly rate of a retirement pension shall be increased by the amount set out as aforesaid for any period during which the requirements of paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of this section are satisfied in respect of the beneficiary:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply if the beneficiary—

(a) being a man, is entitled to an increase of the pension in respect of his wife under subsection (1) of this section; or

Benefits in respect of adult

dependants.

196

Ch. 26

National Insurance Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(b) is a man whose wife is entitled to a retirement pension by virtue of his insurance; or

(c) being a woman, is entitled to the pension by virtue of her husband’s insurance."

(3) Paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of the said section twenty-four (which provides that in the case of a retirement pension the said section shall not apply where the beneficiary is a married man and his wife is over pensionable age) is hereby repealed.

(4) In subsection (1) of section thirty-four of the principal Act (which enables regulations to provide for determining the circumstances in which a person is or is not to be deemed to be wholly or mainly maintaining another person) after the word "maintaining " there shall be inserted the words " or to be contributing at any weekly rate to the maintenance of

(5) The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments so specified, being amendments corresponding to those made to the principal Act by paragraph (a) of subsection (1) or subsection (4) of this section.

Treatment of 4.—(1) For the purposes of the principal Act, where a person

days as days of is employed in any employed contributor’s employment which unemployment has not been terminated, then, in any week, a day on which in the normal course that person would not work in that or any other employed contributor’s employment shall not be treated as a day of unemployment unless each other day in that week (other than Sunday) on which in the normal course he would so work is a day of interruption of employment.

(2) Regulations may prescribe respective circumstances in which, for the purposes of the foregoing subsection—

(a) an employed contributor’s employment which has not

been terminated may be treated as if it had been terminated; or

(b) a day which falls during a period when a person’s employment in an employed contributor’s employment is suspended but does not fall to be treated as aforesaid and which, apart from the provisions of the regulations, would not fall to be treated as a day of interruption of employment may be treated as such a day.

(3) In subsection (1) of this section—

(a) the expression " week " means a period of seven days

commencing with the midnight between Saturday and Sunday; and

(b) the expression "Sunday", in relation to a person in

whose case regulations made under paragraph id) of subsection (2) of section eleven of the principal Act have provided that some other day is for the time being

1957

National Insurance Act, 1957

Ch. 26

197

to be substituted for Sunday as a day which is not to be treated as a day of unemployment, means that other day.

5.—(1) There shall be an additional description of benefit chad’s special under the principal Act to be known as child’s special allowance, allowance.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the principal Act and to subsection (4) of the next following section, a woman whose marriage has been terminated by divorce shall be entitled to child’s special allowance if—

(a) the husband of that marriage is dead and satisfied the

relevant contribution conditions; and

(b) she has a family which includes a child who at that

husband’s death was, or but for the fact that the child was not then in Great Britain would have been, either a child of her family or such a child of that husband’s family as could have been treated under paragraph 3 of the Schedule to the Family Allowances Act, 1945, as a child of her family; and

(c) that husband had before his death been contributing

at not less than the prescribed weekly rate to the cost of providing for that child.

(3) Subject as aforesaid, child’s special allowance shall be payable for any period during which the beneficiary has a family which includes one or more children with respect to whom the conditions specified in paragraphs (b) and (c) of the last foregoing subsection are satisfied, and the weekly rate of the allowance shall be whichever of the following is the less, that is to say—

(a) the weekly rate of the amount or aggregate amount con-

tributed as mentioned in the said paragraph (c) in respect of the child or children in question; or

(b) sixteen shillings and sixpence increased, if there are two

or more such children, by eight shillings and sixpence in respect of each such child other than the elder or eldest:

Provided that the allowance shall not be payable for any period for which, by virtue of the proviso to subsection (2) of section seventeen of the principal Act, widow’s benefit would not have been payable to that beneficiary.

(4) The contribution conditions for child’s special allowance shall be those for the time being in force for widow’s benefit; and any regulations under section twenty-five of the principal Act (which relates to the partial satisfaction of contribution conditions) shall apply to child’s special allowance in like manner as they apply to widow’s benefit, so. however, that where the beneficiary is entitled to the allowance solely by virtue of those regulations, the weekly rate of the allowance shall be the same as if the contribution conditions had been fully satisfied.

Lr.

198

Ch. 26

National Insurance Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Benefits in respect of children.

6.—(1) In section nineteen of the principal Act (which provides among other conditions of entitlement to a guardian’s allowance in respect of a child that the parents of the child are dead)—

(a) in the proviso to subsection (1) (which provides that regulations may modify the condition aforesaid in relation to certain cases) for the words " the child’s parents or one of them cannot be traced " there shall be substituted the following—

" (iii) where one of the child’s parents is dead and the person claiming the allowance shows that he was at the date of the death unaware of, and has failed after all reasonable efforts to discover, the whereabouts of the other parent ";

(b) subsection (3) (which provides that in the said section nineteen the expression " parent " shall include a stepparent) shall cease to have effect.

(2) Subsection (2) of section twenty-three of the principal Act and subsection (2) of section seventeen of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946 (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Industrial Injuries Act ") (which provide in relation to increases of certain benefits in respect of a child of the beneficiary’s family that, where the beneficiary is a man, a child of the family of a woman residing with him shall in certain circumstances be treated as a child of his family) shall each be amended as follows, that is to say—

(a) the words " Where the beneficiary is a man " shall cease

to have effect;

(b) for the word "him " there shall be substituted the words

" the beneficiary "; and

(c) for the word "his " there shall be substituted the words

" the beneficiary’s ";

and consequently there shall be added at the end of paragraph

(c) of subsection (3) of the said section twenty-three the words " or, where the beneficiary is a woman who became entitled to the pension without having retired, the date when she so became entitled ".

(3) Without prejudice to the next following subsection, where a man is entitled to unemployment benefit, sickness benefit or a retirement pension under the principal Act or to injury benefit or a disablement pension under the Industrial Injuries Act, then, for the purposes of section twenty-three of the principal Act or, as the case may be, of section seventeen of the Industrial Injuries Act, there shall be treated as included in the beneficiary’s family any child who, on the day for which the increase provided for by that section is claimed, though not so included, could have been treated under paragraph 3 of the Schedule to the Family

1957

National Insurance , 1957

Ch. 26

199

Allowances Act, 1945, as so included, or could have been treated under that paragraph as so included but for the fact that the beneficiary is contributing to the cost of providing for the child at a weekly rate which, though not less than the prescribed rate, is less than the minimum rate for the time being required for the purposes of subsection (2) of section three of the said Act of 1945.

(4) Where, apart from this subsection, a person is entitled to receive payment in respect of a child who is, or who falls to be treated for the purposes of the relevant provision hereinafter mentioned as, a child of that person’s family of an amount—

(a) under section nineteen of the principal Act by way of

guardian’s allowance; or

(b) under section twenty-three of the principal Act by way

of an increase of unemployment benefit, sickness benefit, a retirement pension or a widow’s allowance; or

(c) under section eight of the National Insurance Act, 1953,

by way of an increase of a maternity allowance; or

() under section five of this Act by way of child’s special

allowance; or

(e) under section seventeen of the Industrial Injuries Act

by way of an increase of injury benefit or a disablement pension; or

if) by way of death benefit under section twenty-one of the Industrial Injuries Act, otherwise than by virtue of the words added to subsection (1) of that section by paragraph 10 of the Schedule to the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956,

that amount shall not be payable unless one of the following conditions is satisfied, that is to say—

(i) that the child in question is living with the beneficiary;

or

(ii) that contributions to the cost of providing for the child

in question are being made at a weekly rate not less than that of the amount in question by the beneficiary or, where the beneficiary is one of spouses living together, by those spouses taken together, being, if an allowance under the Family Allowances Act, 1945, is payable in respect of the child as a child of the beneficiary’s family, contributions over and above those required for the purposes of subsection (2) of section three of that Act or, as the case may be, for the purposes of the proviso to sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 1 of the Schedule to that Act.

200

Cfl.26

National Insurance Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Amendments as to death grant

(5) Any question arising under paragraph (i) of the last foregoing subsection shall be determined in the manner provided by subsection (2) of section forty-three of the principal Act or, as the case may be, by paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section thirty-six of the Industrial Injuries Act (which provide for the determination of certain questions in like manner as questions arising under the Family Allowances Act, 1945); and in paragraph (c) of the said subsection (2) as amended by paragraph 6 of the Schedule to the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956, in sub-paragraph (iii) of the said paragraph ( )as amended by paragraph 12 of that Schedule, and in the said paragraphs 6 and 12, the words from "or is" onwards shall cease to have effect.

(6) Subsection (1) of section thirty-four of the principal Act and subsection (1) of section thirty-five of the Industrial Injuries Act (which enable regulations to provide for determining the circumstances in which a person is or is not to be deemed to satisfy certain requirements) shall each be amended by adding at the end the words " or to be or have been contributing at any weekly rate to the cost of providing for a child ".

7.—(1) For section twenty-two of the principal Act (which relates to death grant) there shall be substituted the following:—

" 22.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a death grant shall be payable in respect of the death of any person (hereafter in this section referred to as ‘ the deceased *) if the deceased either himself satisfied the relevant contribution conditions, or was at death the husband, wife, widower, widow, or a child of the family, of a person satisfying the said conditions, or a child who—

(a) had, immediately before the death of some other person satisfying the said conditions, been a child of the family of that other person; or

(b) was a posthumous son or daughter of a man satisfying the said conditions.

(2) With respect to cases where the deceased was at death a child but the requirements of the foregoing subsection are not satisfied, regulations may provide for death grant to be payable if the relevant contribution conditions were satisfied by such other person as may be prescribed.

(3) Where at his death the deceased was not a child but was under the age of eighteen years and would, if he had been under the age of sixteen years, have been a child by virtue of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section two of the Family Allowances Act, 1945, as amended by subsection (2)

1957

National Insurance , 1957

Ch. 26

201

of section one of the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956 (which relates to persons incapacitated by reason of illness or disability of mind or body), then, for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this section, the deceased shall be treated as if he had been a child at his death.

(4) Regulations under paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section forty-six of this Act may make provision with respect to claims for, and the payment of, death grant as if it were a benefit due to the deceased at his death and as if the reference in that paragraph to creditors included a reference to any person who gives an undertaking in writing to pay the whole or part of the deceased’s funeral expenses.

(5) Except where regulations otherwise provide, a death grant shall not be payable in respect of a death occurring outside Great Britain."

(2) In subsection (4) of section fifty of the National Assistance Act, 1948, and in subsection (2) of section eighteen of the Children Act, 1948 (which provide for the recovery by local authorities of expenses incurred in the burial or cremation of dead persons), for the words from " and not reimbursed " onwards there shall in each case be substituted the words " less any amount received by the authority by way of death grant in respect of that death under section twenty-two of the National Insurance Act, 1946"; and subsection (5) of the said section fifty is hereby repealed.

8.—(1) In section sixty-one of the principal Act (which makes Contributions provision in relation to any person who on the appointed day of insured for the purposes of that Act was under the age of sixteen) for under

the words " the appointed day" there shall be substituted the words " his entry into insurance ". 2

(2) In paragraph (b) of the said section sixty-one (which provides for crediting contributions to such a person as aforesaid for periods after the beginning of the contribution year in which he attains thfe age of sixteen, being periods for which he would have been liable to pay contributions as a non-employed person but for paragraph (a) of that section)—

(a) for the words " after the beginning of the contribution

year in which " there shall be substituted the word "before"; and

(b) at the end of the paragraph there shall be added the

words " or, in the case of a period of absence from Great Britain, but for that paragraph and any regulations made under the last foregoing section

G*

202

Ch. 26

National Insurance Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Regulations— 9.—(1) Regulations may provide—

miscc1laneou8 , v f ...

and general. w) tor any sum or sums paid by a person by way of con-

tribution towards either or both of the following, that is to say, the maintenance of his wife and the cost of providing for one or more children, to be treated for the purposes of section five and subsections (3) and (4) of section six of this Act, subsection (1) of section twenty-four of the principal Act and subsection (1) of section eighteen of the Industrial Injuries Act as such contributions, of such respective amounts equal in the aggregate to the said sum or sums, in respect of such persons, as may be determined in accordance with the regulations so as to secure as large a payment as possible by way of benefit in respect of dependants;

(b) that, in such cases and subject to such exceptions as may be prescribed, a contribution paid by a woman over pensionable age in respect of any contribution week for the whole of which—

(i) she is entitled to widow’s benefit or to a retirement pension by virtue of her husband’s insurance; or

(ii) her husband is entitled in respect of her to an increase of the weekly rate of any benefit,

shall be disregarded for the purposes of subsection (4) of section twenty of the principal Act (which relates to increases in the weekly rate of a retirement pension payable by virtue of the beneficiary’s own insurance in respect of contributions paid by the beneficiary in respect of periods after the beneficiary attains pensionable age);

(c) for a voidable marriage which has been annulled.

whether before or after the date when the regulations come into force, to be treated for the purposes of such provisions of, or of any regulations under, the principal Act or this Act, subject to such exceptions or conditions, as may be prescribed as if it had been a valid marriage which was terminated by divorce at the date of the annulment. 2

(2) Regulations under this Act shall be made separately according as they relate to the principal Act or to the Industrial Injuries Act, and for the purposes—

(a) of any provision of the Act to which they relate with

respect to regulations under that Act; and

(b) of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946,

shall be treated as regulations under the Act to which they relate.

1957

National Insurance , 1957

Ch. 26

203

10.—(1) This Act may be cited as the National Insurance Citation,

(a) so far as it relates to the principal Act, shall be construed

as one with that Act and may be cited together with the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1956, as the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1957;

(b) so far as it relates to the Industrial Injuries Act, shall

be construed as one with that Act and may be cited together with the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts, 1946 to 1956, as the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts, 1946 to 1957;

and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions with respect to the construction of this Act, subsection (1) of section four of the National Insurance Act, 1954 (which relates to the making under the principal Act of regulations relating to the provisions of the said Act of 1954) shall have effect for the purposes of this Act as if any reference in that subsection to the said Act of 1954 were a reference to this Act.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the Minister may by order made by statutory instrument appoint, and different days may be appointed for different purposes of this Act or for the same purposes in relation to different cases or classes of case; and any such order may—

(a) if the date thereby appointed is appointed for some

only of the purposes of this Act or in relation only to some cases or classes of case, contain such incidental or supplementary provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient as respects the period or any part of the period when this Act is to have a partial operation only, and, in particular, provisions modifying and supplementing, in relation to die period to which the order is to apply, the provisions of this Act or any Act amended by this Act;

(b) be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under this

subsection.

(4) Without prejudice to the operation, in relation to any matters arising out of this Act, of any provision relating to Northern Ireland of the principal Act or the Industrial Injuries Act, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Act, 1957.

(2) This Act-

construction, commencement and extent.

G* 2

204

Ch. 26

National Insurance Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 3.

SCHEDULE

Corresponding Amendments of Other Enactments

1. In the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946—

(a) in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section eighteen, for the words " wholly or mainly maintaining " there shall be substituted the words " contributing at a weekly rate of not less than the amount aforesaid to the maintenance of ";

(b) in subsection (1) of section thirty-five, after the word "maintaining" there shall be inserted the words "or to be contributing at any weekly rate to the maintenance of

2. In the Workmen’s Compensation (Supplementation) Act, 1951, in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section two, for the words " residing with or wholly or mainly maintaining his wife (or is under the provisions of a scheme to be treated as doing so) " there shall be substituted the words " treated under the provisions of a scheme as residing with or contributing at a weekly rate not less than that prescribed by the scheme towards the maintenance of his wife

3. In the Pneumoconiosis and Byssinosis Benefit Act, 1951, in paragraph () of subsection (2) of section three, for the words " residing with or is wholly or mainly maintaining his wife (or is under the scheme to be treated as doing so)" there shall be substituted the words "treated under the provisions of the scheme as residing with or contributing at a weekly rate of not less than the amount hereinafter mentioned towards the maintenance of his wife

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Family Allowances Act, 1945

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946

National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946

National Insurance Act, 1946

National Assistance Act, 1948

Children Act, 1948

Workmen’s Compensation (Supplementation)

Act, 1951

National Insurance Act, 1951

Pneumoconiosis and Byssinosis Benefit Act, 1951

National Insurance Act, 1953

National Insurance Act, 1954

Family Allowances and National Insurance Act,

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c.41.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 62.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 67.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 29.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 43.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 22.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 34.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 4.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 29.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 1.

1956

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 50.

1957

Solicitors 1957

Ch. 27

205

CHAPTER 27

Solicitors Act, 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Provisions Relating to Right to Practise as Solicitor Qualifications to practise as, and privileges and rights solicitor

Section

1. Qualifications for practising as solicitor.

2. Rights and privileges of qualified solicitors.

Admission as solicitor

3. General provisions as to admission as solicitor.

4. Admission as solicitors of certain overseas solicitors.

5. Additional provisions with respect to admissions of overseas solicitors.

The roll

6. Keeping and custody of the roll.

7. Entry of name on roll on admission.

8. Re-entry on roll of names struck off or removed.

Practising certificates

9. Declaration by applicant for practising certificate.

10. Issue, dating and expiry of practising certificates.

11. Fee payable on issue of practising certificate.

12. Discretion of Society with respect to issue of practising certificates in

special cases.

13. Appeals in connection with issue of practising certificates.

14. Suspension of practising certificate in certain circumstances.

15. Duration of suspension of practising certificate.

16. Publication of suspension or termination of suspension of practising

certificate in certain cases.

17. Evidence as to holding of practising certificate.

Provisions with respect to unqualified persons acting as solicitors

18. Unqualified person not to act as solicitor.

19. Penalty for pretending to be a solicitor.

20. Unqualified person not to prepare certain instruments, etc.

21. Unqualified person not to act in preparation of papers for probate, etc.

22. Application of penal provisions to body corporate.

23. No costs recoverable where unqualified person acts as solicitor.

24. Time limit for commencement of certain proceedings.

General provisions as to Part I

25. General regulations by Master of the Rolls.

26. Evidence as to solicitors in Scotland.

27. Saving for persons authorised to conduct legal proceedings.

Part II

Professional Practice, Conduct and Discipline of Solicitors and Clerks General power to make rules

28. General power to make rules as to professional practice, conduct and

discipline of solicitors.

Accounts, etc.

29. Rules as to keeping of accounts by solicitors.

30. Accountants’ certificates.

Control of solicitor's property and compensation to clients in certain cases

31. Power of Council to deal with property of certain solicitors.

32. Compensation for loss due to dishonesty of solicitor or clerk.

206

Ch. 27

Solicitors Act, 1957

5 & 6 Elk. 2

Restrictions on practice as solicitor

Section

33. Restriction on right to practise of solicitor who is justice of the peace.

34. Solicitor not to act as agent for unqualified person.

35. Solicitor not to commence or defend actions whilst in prison.

Restriction on employment of certain persons

36. Employment by solicitor of persons struck off the roll or suspended.

37. Failure to disclose fact of having been struck off, etc.

38. Control of employment of certain clerks.

39. Offences in connection with orders controlling employment of certain

clerks.

Articles

40. Power for Society to make regulations with respect to articles.

41. Restrictions on taking of articled clerks.

42. Power to prohibit taking of articled clerk in certain cases.

43. Power to discharge articles on grounds of moral unfitness.

44. Power to discharge articles on application of solicitor or clerk.

45. Rights of articled clerk upon bankruptcy, etc. of solicitor.

Disciplinary proceedings before disciplinary committee

46. Constitution and proceedings of disciplinary committee.

47. Jurisdiction and powers of disciplinary committee.

48. Appeals against orders of disciplinary committee.

49. Additional provisions with respect to orders of disciplinary committee.

Disciplinary proceedings before Supreme Court

50. Jurisdiction of Supreme Court over solicitors.

51. Procedure upon certain applications to High Court.

52. Power of Society to draw up order of court.

53. Production of order of court to Society.

Disciplinary proceedings—general

54. Restrictions on powers to strike names off roll.

55. Applications with respect to allegations.

Part III Remuneration of Solicitors

Non-contentious business

56. Orders as to remuneration of solicitors for non-contentious business.

57. Agreements with respect to remuneration for non-contentious business.

58. Remuneration of a solicitor who is a mortgagee.

Contentious business

59. Power to make agreements as to remuneration for contentious business.

60. Effect of agreements with respect to contentious business.

61. Enforcement of agreements with respect to contentious business.

62. Death, incapability or change of solicitor, etc.

63. Agreement excludes taxation.

64. Form of bill of costs for contentious business.

65. Miscellaneous provisions as to remuneration for contentious business.

General provisions as to remuneration

66. Inclusion in bill of costs of disbursements due but not paid.

67. Power of court to order solicitor to deliver bill, etc.

68. Action to recover solicitor’s costs.

69. Taxation of bills on application of party chargeable or solicitor.

70. Taxation on application of third parties, etc.

71. General provisions as to taxations.

72. Charging orders.

73. Special provisions as to contentious business done in county courts.

74. Saving for certain enactments.

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

207

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

Provisions with respect to the Society

Section

75. Compulsory membership of Society.

76. Non-practising solicitors eligible for membership of Society.

77. Annual subscription to Society.

78. Cessation and suspension of membership of Society, etc.

79. Appointment of committees of the Council.

80. Powers to act on behalf of Society.

Miscellaneous provisions

81. Registration of appointment of solicitor as commissioner for oaths.

82. Qualification for holding office of solicitors who have been barristers.

83. Power of Society to inspect file of proceedings in bankruptcy of solicitor.

84. Service of documents at solicitor’s place of business.

85. Relief to banks.

General provisions

86. Interpretation.

87. Saving for solicitors to public departments and City of London.

88. Repeals, general savings, adaptations, etc.

89. Short title, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Control of property of a solicitor in certain cases. Second Schedule—The Compensation Fund.

Third Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate the Solicitors Acts, 1932 to 1956, and certain other enactments relating to solicitors, with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949.

[6th June, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Provisions Relating to Right to Practise as Solicitor

Qualifications to practise as, and privileges and rights of, solicitor

1. No person shall be qualified to act as a solicitor unless—

(a) he has been admitted as a solicitor; and

(b) his name is for the time being on the roll; and

(c) he has in force a certificate issued by the Society in

accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act authorising him to practise as a solicitor (in this Act referred to as a " practising certificate "); and for the purposes of this Act a practising certificate shall be deemed not to be in force at any time while it is suspended by an order under subsection (2) of section thirteen or by virtue of section fourteen of this Act.

Qualifications for practising as solicitor.

2.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, every person Rights and qualified in accordance with the foregoing section may practise privileges of as a solicitor— qualified

(a) in the Supreme Court; solicitors.

208

Ch. 27

Solicitors Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I (b) in any county court;

—cont. (c) Upon signing the roll of solicitors of any inferior court

of law or equity which keeps such a roll (but without payment of any fee), in that court;

() in all courts and before all persons having jurisdiction

in matters ecclesiastical; and

(e) in all matters relating to applications to obtain notarial

faculties,

and shall be entitled to all the rights and privileges, and may exercise and perform all the powers and duties, formerly appertaining to the office or profession of a proctor in the provincial, diocesan or other jurisdictions in England.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall affect the provisions of section one hundred and twenty of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which imposes on officers of the Supreme Court restrictions as to practise as a solicitor), section thirty of the County Courts Act, 1934 (which imposes <mch restrictions on officers of a county court), or section eighty-six of the said Act of 1934 (which relates to the rights of solicitors to address a county court), or of any other enactment in force at the commencement of this Act which restricts the right of any solicitor to practise as such in any court.

(3) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall prejudice or affect any right of practising or being heard in, before or by any court, tribunal or other body which immediately before the commencement of this Act was enjoyed by virtue of any enactment, rule, order or regulation or by custom or otherwise by persons qualified to act as solicitors.

General provisions as to admission as solicitor.

Admission as solicitor

3.—(1) Subject to the next following section and to subsection (3) of section twenty of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949 (which relates to the admission as solicitors of certain persons who have served as assistant to a justices’ clerk), no person shall be admitted as a solicitor unless he has satisfied the Society that he has complied with such requirements as the Society may by regulations made with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice and the Master of the Rolls prescribe with respect to—

(a) service under articles;

(b) attendance at a course of legal education; and

(c) the passing of examinations,

and unless the Society is also satisfied as to that person’s moral fitness to be an officer of the Supreme Court:

Provided that no person shall be disqualified for admission as a solicitor by reason only that a solicitor whom he has served for the whole or any part of the term of articled service required in his case by any such regulations has neglected or

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

209

omitted to take out a practising certificate in accordance with Part 1 the provisions of this Part of this Act, or by reason only that —cont. the name of a solicitor whom he has served for any period has after the termination of that period been removed from or struck off the roll.

(2) Any such regulations may make different provision for different circumstances and may include provision for the charging by the Society, and the application, of fees.

(3) Any person who has obtained a certificate that the Society is satisfied as required by subsection (1) of this section may apply to the Master of the Rolls to be admitted as a solicitor; and thereupon the Master of the Rolls, or any judge of the High Court whom the Master of the Rolls may by writing under his hand have appointed to act for the time being on his behalf for that purpose, shall, unless cause to the contrary, whether by reason of subsection (1) of this section or otherwise, is shown to his satisfaction, by writing under his hand, and in such manner and form as the Master of the Rolls may from time to time think fit, admit that person to be a solicitor.

4.—(1) Subject to subsection (1) of the next following section. Admission a solicitor of a superior court in any territory to which this sub-a* solicitors section for the time being applies who has been in practice before that court for not less Sian three years may, and a solicitor of solicitors, such a court who has for not less than three years served bona fide as a clerk to a solicitor in England may with the consent of the Council of the Society, be admitted as a solicitor of the Supreme Court—

(a) after giving due notice and the prescribed proof of his

Qualifications and good character; and

(b) after passing the prescribed examination or, in the pre-

scribed cases, without examination; and

(c) after service under articles during the prescribed period

or, in the prescribed cases, without such service; and

() on payment of the prescribed amount in respect of fees.

(2) Where, as respects a superior court in a territory such as is mentioned in subsection (4) of this section. Her Majesty in Council is satisfied on the report of a Secretary of State—

(a) that the regulations respecting the admission of solicitors

of that court are such as to secure that those solicitors possess proper qualifications and competency; and

(b) that by the law of that territory solicitors of the Supreme

Court will be admitted as solicitors of the superior court in that territory on terms as favourable as those on which it is proposed to admit solicitors of that superior court in pursuance of the foregoing subsection as solicitors of the Supreme Court,

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

210

Ch. 27

Part I Her Majesty may by Order in Council apply the foregoing sub-

—cont. section to that superior court and that territory subject to any

exceptions, conditions and modifications specified in the Order, and by the same or any subsequent Order in Council may, as respects that court and territory, provide for all matters authorised by this section to be prescribed and for all matters appearing to Her Majesty to be necessary or proper for giving effect to the Order and to this section.

(3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council revoke or vary any Order previously made under this section.

(4) The territories referred to in subsection (2) of this section are—

(a) any part or parts of Her Majesty’s dominions outside

the United Kingdom under a single legislature or under the same central legislature;

(b) the Republic of India;

(c) the Republic of Pakistan;

(d) any territory or part of a territory included in any of the three foregoing paragraphs which is under a local as well as a central legislature;

(e) the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland;

(/) any foreign country in which for the time being Her Majesty has jurisdiction and to which this section has for the time being been extended by or by virtue of an Order in Council made under the Foreign Jurisdiction Acts, 1890 and 1913.

(5) In this section, the expressions " superior court " and " solicitor " mean respectively, as respects any territory, such court in that territory and such solicitor, attorney, law agent or other person entitled to practise as agent in a court of law in that territory as may be prescribed.

5.—(1) A person admitted under the Colonial Solicitors Act, 1900, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, as a solicitor in Scotland or in Northern Ireland shall not, whilst remaining such a solicitor, be admitted under the last foregoing section as a solicitor of the Supreme Court, and for the purposes of this subsection a person who before the first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-one, was admitted under the said Act of 1900 as a solicitor in Ireland shall be deemed to have been admitted under that Act as a solicitor in Northern Ireland.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (2) of section six of the said Act of 1900 (which makes for Scotland and Northern Ireland provision corresponding to the foregoing subsection), a person admitted as a solicitor of the Supreme Court under the last foregoing section shall be deemed to have been admitted as a solicitor in England under that Act.

Additional provisions with respect to admissions of overseas solicitors.

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

211

(3) An Order in Council applying subsection (1) of the last foregoing section to any court and providing for the admission of solicitors of that court as solicitors of the Supreme Court, and an Order in Council applying the said Act of 1900 to the same court and providing for the admission of solicitors of that court as solicitors in Scodand, may, if it be convenient, be made together as one Order.

The roll

6. —(1) The roll shall be kept by the Society in the form of an alphabetical list of all solicitors of the Supreme Court and in accordance with the provisions of this Act and of any regulations made under section twenty-five thereof.

(2) The Society shall have the custody of the roll and of all documents relating thereto and shall allow any person to inspect the roll during office hours without payment.

7. Upon production of an admission of any person as a solicitor signed by the Master of the Rolls or by such a judge as is mentioned in subsection (3) of section three of this Act, and on payment to the Society of such fee not exceeding five pounds as the Council may from time to time determine, the Society shall enter the name of that person on the roll.

8. The Master of the Rolls may at any time, if he thinks fit, order the Society to replace on the roll the name of a solicitor whose name has been removed from or struck off the roll, and upon production of such an order and payment to the Society of such fee not exceeding five pounds as the Council may from time to time determine the Society shall replace that name accordingly.

Practising certificates

9.—(1) Not less than fourteen days before a solicitor applies for a practising certificate, he shall attend at the Society’s halL either in person or by his agent, and deliver a written declaration in such form as the Society may by regulations made with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice and the Master of the Rolls prescribe—

(a) specifying the applicant’s full name, place or places of business and date of admission; and

(b) containing such other particulars as the Society may by

such regulations as aforesaid prescribe; and

(c) signed by the applicant personally:

Provided that the Society may at its discretion in any particular case, on the ground of illness or absence abroad of the applicant or on any other ground deemed by the Society sufficient, either unconditionally or subject to such conditions as

Part I

—cont.

Keeping and custody of the roll.

Entry of name on roll on admission.

Re-entry on roll of name struck off or removed

Declaration by applicant for practising certificate.

212

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I

— con.

Issue, dating and expiry of practising certificates.

Fee payable on issue of practising certificate.

the Society may think fit, accept a declaration signed by a partner of the applicant or by some other competent person approved by the Society.

(2) The Society shall, in the case of every declaration delivered under the foregoing subsection, cause to be entered in a register kept for that purpose such of the particulars contained in the declaration as are mentioned in paragraph (a) of that sub-section, and any person may inspect that register during office hours without payment.

(3) If in a declaration under this section any person makes any false statement, a complaint in respect of that statement may be made by or on behalf of the Society to the disciplinary committee.

10. —(1) Application for a practising certificate shall be made in person at the Society’s hall either by the applicant or by his agent and, subject to the provisions of the two next following sections, if the Society is satisfied that the name of the applicant is on the roll and that he is not for the time being suspended from practice and that the requirements of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section have been complied with, the Society shall thereupon deliver a practising certificate in such form as the Society may by regulations made with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice and the Master of the Rolls prescribe.

(2) Every practising certificate issued after the fifteenth day of November and before the sixteenth day of December in any year shall bear the date of the sixteenth day of November in that year, and every other practising certificate shall bear the date of the day on which it is issued.

(3) Every practising certificate shall have effect from the beginning of the day of which it bears the date, and that date shall be entered by the Society on the roll.

(4) Every practising certificate shall expire at the end of the fifteenth day of November next after it is issued:

Provided that where the name of a solicitor is removed from or struck off the roll, the practising certificate, if any, of that solicitor for the time being in force shall expire forthwith. 11

11. —U) There shall be paid to the Society in respect of each practising certificate issued by it such fee not exceeding five pounds as the Master of the Rolls, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor and the Lord Chief Justice or (in the case of difference) of one of them, may from time to time by order determine: and the Society may withhold the issue of a practising certificate until that fee and any sum payable by the applicant under subsection (2) of section seventy-five of this Act or under paragraph 2 of the Second Schedule to this Act has been paid.

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

213

(2) Out of every fee received by the Society under this section five shillings may be applied by the Society to its own use and the remainder shall be applied—

(a) in such manner and to such extent as the Society may

consider necessary, towards the expenses of law schools provided or approved by the Society; and

(b) subject thereto, to such other purposes of this Act as

the Society may think fit;

and the Society shall submit annually to the judges mentioned in the foregoing subsection an account of all such fees and of their application, and shall cause a copy of the account to be deposited at the Society’s hall for inspection by any solicitor.

12.—(1) Subject to subsection (3) of this section and to subsection (5) of section fifteen of this Act, the next following subsection shall have effect where a solicitor applies for a practising certificate—

(a) when for twelve months or more he has ceased to hold a practising certificate in force; or Ib) whilst he is an undischarged bankrupt or a receiving order in bankruptcy is in force against him; or

(c) when, having been suspended from practice or having

had his name removed from or struck off the roll, the period of his suspension has expired or his name has been restored to the roll, as the case may be; or

() not having held a practising certificate in force within the

twelve months next following the date of his admission as a solicitor; or

(e) whilst he is a person to whom the powers and provisions

of Part IV of the Lunacy Act, 1890, relating to management and administration apply; or

(/) without having paid a penalty or costs ordered by the disciplinary committee to be paid by him; or

(g) after he has been invited by the Council to give an

explanation in respect of any matter affecting his conduct and has failed to give to the Council an explanation in respect of that matter which the Council regard as sufficient and satisfactory, and has been notified in writing by the Council that he has so failed; or

(h) after having had an order made against him for the issue

of a writ of attachment; or

(i) after having been adjudicated a bankrupt and obtained

his discharge or after having entered into a composition with his creditors or a deed of arrangement for the benefit of his creditors; or

Part 1

—cont.

Discretion of Society with respect to issue of practising certificates in special cases.

Solicitors Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

214

Part I —cont.

Appeals in connection with issue of practising certificates.

CH. 27

(j) after having had given against him any judgment which involves the payment of moneys, not being a judgment—

(i) limited to the payment of costs; or

(ii) as to the whole effect of which upon him he is entitled to indemnity or relief from some other person; or

(iii) evidence of the satisfaction of which has been produced to the Society.

(2) The applicant shall, unless the Society or the Master of the Rolls otherwise orders, give to the Society not less than six weeks before his application for a practising certificate notice of his intention to apply therefor, and the Society may in its discretion—

(a) grant or refuse the application; or

(b) decide to issue a certificate to the applicant subject to

such terms and conditions as the Society may in its discretion think fit,

and where the Society decides to issue a certificate subject to conditions, it may, if it thinks fit, postpone the issue of the certificate pending the hearing and determination of any appeal under subsection (2) of the next following section:

Provided that in a case such as is mentioned in paragraph (b) (h) or <j) of the foregoing subsection, where an appeal has been made to the appropriate court against the order or judgment in question the Society shall not refuse the application before the determination of that appeal unless in the opinion of the Society the proceedings on that appeal have been unduly protracted by the appellant or are unlikely to be successful.

(3) Where a practising certificate free of conditions is issued by the Society under the last foregoing subsection to a solicitor in relation to whom that subsection has effect by virtue of particular circumstances such as are mentioned in paragraph (a), (c),

(), (g), (h), (i)or (j) of subsection (1) of this section, the last foregoing subsection shall not thereafter have effect in relation to that solicitor by virtue of those circumstances.

13.—(1) If in any case, not being a case to which the last foregoing section applies, the Society on an application duly made to it refuses or neglects to issue a practising certificate, the applicant may apply to the High Court or any judge thereof or to die Master of the Rolls who may make such an order in the matter, including an order for payment of costs by or to either the Society or the applicant, as shall be just.

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

215

(2) Where under the last foregoing section the Society either Part I

refuses to grant a practising certificate or decides to issue such a —com.

certificate subject to terms and conditions, the applicant may by petition presented within one month after being notified of the decision of the Society, and in such manner and subject to such regulations as the Master of the Rolls may from time to time direct, appeal against that decision to the Master of the Rolls who may—

(a) affirm the decision of the Society; or

(b) direct the Society to issue a certificate to the applicant

free from terms and conditions or on such terms and conditions as the Master of the Rolls may think fit; or

(c) direct the Society not to issue a certificate; or

()if a certificate has been issued, by order suspend that certificate; or

(e) make such other order as he may think fit.

14. The making by the disciplinary committee or the court of Suspension an order suspending a solicitor from practice shall operate, and practising the adjudication in bankruptcy of a solicitor shall operate imme-

diately, to suspend any practising certificate of that solicitor for circumstances, the time being in force.

15. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a Duration of practising certificate has become suspended by an order under suspension subsection (2) of section thirteen of this Act or by virtue of the of* practising last foregoing section, that suspension shall continue until the 06111110316 certificate expires. 2 3

(2) The suspension of a practising certificate by virtue of the last foregoing section by reason of an adjudication in bankruptcy shall terminate if the adjudication is annulled and an office copy of the order annulling the adjudication has been served upon the Society.

(3) Where a solicitor's practising certificate has become suspended—

(a) by an order under subsection (2) of section thirteen of

this Act; or

(b) by virtue of the last foregoing section by reason of his

adjudication in bankruptcy; or

(c) by virtue of the last foregoing section by reason of his

suspension from practice and the period of his suspension from practice expires before the date of expiry of the certificate,

the solicitor may at any time before the certificate expires (and, in the case of adjudication in bankruptcy, while the adjudication

216

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I

—cont.

Publication of suspension or termination of suspension of practising certificate in certain cases.

Evidence as to holding of practising certificate.

remains unannulled) apply to the Society to terminate the suspension, and the Society may in its discretion—

(a) by order terminate the suspension either unconditionally

or subject to such terms and conditions as the Society may in its discretion think fit; or

(b) refuse the application.

(4) If on an application by a solicitor under the last foregoing subsection the Society refuses the application or terminates the suspension subject to terms or conditions, the solicitor may, by petition presented in such manner and subject to such regulations as the Master of the Rolls may from time to time direct, appeal against the decision of the Society to the Master of the Rolls who may—

(a) affirm the decision of the Society; or

(b) terminate the suspension either unconditionally or

subject to such terms and conditions as he may think fit.

(5) Where a solicitor's practising certificate has become suspended by virtue of the last foregoing section by reason of his suspension from practice and the suspension of his practising certificate is terminated unconditionally under either of the two last foregoing subsections, then, notwithstanding paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section twelve of this Act, subsection (2) of the said section twelve shall not thereafter have effect in relation to that solicitor by virtue of that suspension from practice and the expiry of the period thereof.

16. Where a solicitor’s practising certificate has become suspended—

(a) by an order under subsection (2) of section thirteen of

this Act *, or

(b) by virtue of section fourteen of this Act by reason of

his adjudication in bankruptcy, the Society shall forthwith cause notice of that suspension to be published in the London Gazette and a note thereof to be entered against the name of the solicitor in the roll; and where that suspension is terminated under subsection (2), (3) or (4) of the last foregoing section, the Society shall forthwith cause a note of that termination to be entered against the name of the solicitor in the roll and, if so requested in writing by the solicitor, a notice thereof to be published in the London Gazette.

17. —(1) Any list purporting to be published by authority of the Society and to contain the names of solicitors who have obtained practising certificates for the current year before the second day of January in that year shall, until the contrary is proved, be evidence that the persons named therein as solicitors holding such certificates as aforesaid for the current year are solicitors holding such certificates.

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

217

(2) The absence from any such list of the name of any person Part I

shall, until the contrary is proved, be evidence that that person —cont‘

is not qualified to practise as a solicitor under a certificate for the current year, but in the case of any such person an extract from the roll certified as correct by the Society shall be evidence of the frets appearing in the extract

Provisions with respect to unqualified persons acting as solicitors

18. —(1) No unqualified person shall act as a solicitor, or as Unqualified such sue out any writ or process, or commence, carry on or person not defend any action, suit or other proceeding, in the name of any ^iSlor other person or in his own name, in any court of civil orw criminal jurisdiction, or act as a solicitor in any cause or matter,

civil or criminal, to be heard or determined before any court of assize, any general or quarter sessions, any justice or justices, or any commissioners of Her Majesty’s revenue.

(2) If any person contravenes the provisions of this section, he shall—

(a) be guilty of a misdemeanour and of contempt of the

court in which the action, suit, cause, matter or proceeding in relation to which he so acts is brought or taken and may be punished accordingly; and

(b) be incapable of maintaining any action for any costs in

respect of anything done by him in the course of so acting; and

(c) in addition to any other penalty or forfeiture and any

disability to which he may be subject, be liable for each such offence to a penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered, with full costs of action, by action brought in the High Court or in any county court by the Society with the sanction of the Attorney-General and to be applied to the use of Her Majesty.

19. Any unqualified person who wilfully pretends to be, or Penalty for takes or uses any name, title, addition or description implying pretending to that he is, qualified or recognised by law as qualified to act as a 1* a solicitor, solicitor shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds for each such offence.

20. —(1) Any unqualified person who either directly or Unqualified

indirectly— person not

(a) draws or prepares any instrument of transfer or charge ^£2

for the purposes of the Land Registration Act, 1925, or instruments, makes any application or lodges any document for etc. registration under that Act at the registry; or

(b) draws or prepares any other instrument relating to real

or personal estate, or any legal proceeding.

218 Ch. 27 Solicitors , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I shall, unless he proves that the act was not done for or in

—cont. expectation of any fee, gain or reward, be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to—

(i) a barrister or duly certificated notary public;

(ii) any public officer drawing or preparing instruments or

applications in the course of his duty;

(iii) any person employed merely to engross any instrument, application or proceeding;

and paragraph (b) of this subsection shall not apply to a duly certificated solicitor in Scotland.

(2) For the purposes of paragraph ( of the foregoing subsection, the expression " instrument " does not include—

(a) a will or other testamentary instrument;

(b) an agreement under hand only;

(c) a letter or power of attorney; or

() a transfer of stock containing no trust or limitation

thereof.

Unqualified person not to act in preparation of papers for probate, etc.

21. Any unqualified person, not being a barrister or duly certificated notary public, who, either directly or as an agent of any person, whether or not that other person is a qualified person, barrister or duly certificated notary public, takes instructions for or draws or prepares any papers on which to found or oppose a grant of probate or of letters of administration shall, unless he proves that the act was not done for or in expectation of any fee, gain or reward, and without prejudice to any other liability or disability to which he may be subject under this or any other Act, be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds for each such offence.

Application of penal provisions to body corporate.

22.—(1) If any act is done by a body corporate, or by any director, officer or servant thereof, of such a nature or in such a manner as to be calculated to imply that the body corporate is qualified or recognised by law as qualified to act as a solicitor, the body corporate shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds for each such offence, and, in the case of an act done by a director, officer or servant of the body corporate, he also shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds for each such offence.

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

219

(2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that in Part l

sections eighteen, twenty and twenty-one of this Act references —com.

to unqualified persons and to persons include references to bodies corporate.

23. No costs in respect of anything done by any unqualified No costs person acting as a solicitor shall be recoverable in any action, recoverable suit or matter by any person whomsoever. unqualified

person acts as solicitor.

24. Notwithstanding anything in the Magistrates’ Courts Act, Time limit for 1952, proceedings in respect of any offence under section nine- commence-teen, twenty or twenty-one of this Act may be brought at any time within two years next after the commission of the offence, proceedings, or within six months next after the first discovery thereof by the prosecutor, whichever period expires first.

General provisions as to Part I

25. The Master of the Rolls with the concurrence of the Lord General Chancellor and the Lord Chief Justice or (in case of difference) regulations of one of them may, for the purposes of the execution of this^theRolls Part of this Act, make general regulations with respect to the following matters or any of them, that is to say, the admission

of a person as a solicitor, the issue of practising certificates, and the duties of the Society with respect to the keeping of the roll and the issuing of such certificates.

26. For the purposes of this Part of this Act, a letter purport- Evidence as

ing to be signed by or on behalf of the registrar of solicitors in to solicitors Scotland— ™ Scotland.

(a) stating that a person specified therein is or is not a

solicitor in Scotland shall be evidence that that person is, or as the case may be, is not a solicitor in Scotland; or

(b) stating with respect to a person and a period specified

in the letter that that person did not at any time during that period have in force a practising certificate as a solicitor in Scotland shall be evidence that that person was not during any part of that period a duly certificated solicitor in Scotland.

27. Nothing in this Part of this Act shall affect any enactment Saving for empowering an unqualified person to conduct, defend or other- ,

wise act in relation to any legal proceedings. coJSuctl

proceedings.

220

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 E. 2

Part II

Professional Practice, Conduct and Discipline of SOLiaTORS AND CLERKS

General power to make rules

General power 28.—(1) Without prejudice to any other provision of this Part

to make rules of this Act, the Council may, if they see fit, make rules for regulating in respect of any matter the professional practice, conduct and discipline of solicitors:

Provided that any such rules shall not come into operation until they have been approved by the Master of the Rolls.

(2) If a solicitor fails to comply with any rules made under this section, any person may make a complaint in respect of that failure to the disciplinary committee.

professional practice, conduct and discipline of solicitors.

Accounts etc.

Rules as to 29.—(1) The Council shall make rules—

accounted (a) as to the opening and keeping by solicitors of accounts

solicitors. at banks for clients’ money; and

(b) as to the keeping by solicitors of accounts containing particulars and information as to moneys received, held or paid by them for or on account of their clients; and

(c) empowering the Council to take such action as may be necessary to enable them to ascertain whether or not the rules are being complied with:

Provided that any such rules shall not come into operation until they have been approved by the Master of the Rolls.

(2) The Council shall also make rules—

(a) as to the opening and keeping by every solicitor who

is a sole trustee, or who is co-trustee only with one or more of his partners, clerks or servants, of an account at a bank for moneys of any trust of which he is such a sole trustee or co-trustee; and

(b) as to the keeping by every such solicitor of accounts

containing particulars and information as to moneys received, held or paid by him for or on account of any such trust; and

(c) empowering the Council to take such action as may

be necessary to enable them to ascertain whether or not the rules are being complied with.

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

221

(3) If a solicitor fails to comply with any rules made under this section, any person may make a complaint in respect of that failure to the disciplinary committee.

(4) Rules made under paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) or under paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (2) of this section shall not apply to a solicitor acting in the course of his employment as a public officer or in a county office; rules made under paragraph (a) or (b) of the said subsection (1) shall not apply to any solicitor who is in whole-time employment as an officer of a local authority or of statutory undertakers and does not engage in private practice as a solicitor; and rules made under paragraph (a) or (b) of the said subsection (2) shall not apply to a solicitor in whole-time employment as an officer of a local authority acting in that capacity.

(5) In this section, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively, that is to say—

" county office " means the office of clerk or deputy clerk of the peace of a county, clerk or deputy clerk of a county council, clerk of the lieutenancy, or any other office connected with the administration of a county to which a person has, whilst holding any of the offices aforesaid, been appointed by the court of quarter sessions or by the county council, or by a joint committee of the court of quarter sessions and the county council, or by a committee of either of them;

"local authority" means any body having power to levy a rate, as defined for the purposes of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, or to issue a precept to a rating authority;

"public officer" means an officer whose remuneration is defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, the revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall or the Duchy of Lancaster, the general fund of the Church Commissioners, the Forestry Fund, the Development Fund, or any other revenues or fund which the Treasury may from time to time by order made by statutory instrument prescribe for the purposes of this section;

" statutory undertakers " means any person authorised by or under an Act of Parliament, or an order having the force of an Act of Parliament, to construct, work, or carry on any railway, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, tramway, gas, electricity, water or other public undertaking;

" trust " and " trustee " extend to implied and constructive trusts and to cases where the trustee has a beneficial interest in the trust property and to the duties incident

Part n —cont.

222

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II —cont. to the office of a personal representative, and " trustee ", where the context admits, includes a personal representative.

Accountants* certificates. 30.—(1) Every solicitor shall once in each period of .twelve months ending with the fifteenth day of November, unless he satisfies the Council that owing to the circumstances of his case it is unnecessary so to do, deliver to the Society a certificate signed by an accountant (in this section referred to as an " accountant’s certificate ") stating— (a) that in compliance with this section and any rules made thereunder the accountant has examined the books, accounts and documents of the solicitor or his firm for such accounting period as may be specified in the certificate; and (b) whether or not the accountant is satisfied, from his examination of the books, accounts and documents produced to him and from the information and explanations given to him, that during the said accounting period the solicitor or his firm has complied with any rules made under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section; and (c) if the accountant is not satisfied as aforesaid, the matters in respect of which he is not so satisfied. (2) Subject to any rules made under this section, the accounting period for the purposes of an accountant’s certificate shall— (a) begin at the expiry of the last preceding accounting period for which an accountant’s certificate has been delivered; ib) cover not less than twelve months; (c) terminate not more than twelve months, or such less period as the said rules may prescribe, before the date of the delivery of the certificate to the Society; and (« )where possible, consistently with the foregoing paragraphs, correspond to a period or consecutive periods for which the accounts of the solicitor or his firm are ordinarily made up. (3) The Council shall make rules to give effect to the provisions of this section, and those rules shall prescribe— (a) what qualification shall be held by an accountant by whom an accountant’s certificate may be given; (b) the nature and extent of the examination to be made by the accountant of the books and accounts of a solicitor or his firm and of any other relevant documents with a view to the signing of a certificate to be delivered by the solicitor under this section;

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

223

(c) the form of the accountant’s certificate; and Part II

() the evidence, if any, which shall satisfy the Council that —cont-

the delivery of an accountant’s certificate is unnecessary and the cases in which such evidence is or is not required.

(4) Any such rules may include provision—

(a) permitting in such special circumstances as may be

defined in the rules a different accounting period from that specified in subsection (2) of this section; and

(b) regulating any matters of procedure or matters inci-

dental, ancillary or supplemental to the provisions of this section.

(5) If any solicitor fails to comply with the provisions of this section or of any rules made thereunder, a complaint in respect of that failure may be made by or on behalf of the Society to the disciplinary committee.

(6) A certificate under the hand of the Secretary of the Society shall, until the contrary is proved, be evidence that a solicitor has or, as the case may be, has not delivered to the Society an accountant’s certificate or supplied any evidence required under this section or any rules made thereunder.

(7) Where a solicitor is employed as a public officer within the meaning of the last foregoing section—

(a) nothing in this section shall apply to him unless he

takes out a practising certificate;

(b) an accountant’s certificate shall in no case deal with

books, accounts or documents kept by him in the course of his employment as a public officer; and

(c) no examination shall be made of any such books,

accounts and documents under any rules made under this section.

Control of solicitor’s property and compensation to clients in certain cases

31.—(1) If the Council have reasonable cause to believe that Power of a solicitor, or a clerk or servant of a solicitor, has been guilty of Council to dishonesty in connection with that solicitor’s practice as a solid- ™Dertvof tor or in connection with any trust of which that solicitor is a certain y trustee, the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act, except solicitors, paragraph 7 thereof, and, if the Council are satisfied that the solicitor, clerk or servant has been guilty as aforesaid, the said paragraph 7, shall apply in relation to that solicitor. 2

(2) Where the name of a solicitor is removed from or struck off the roll or a solicitor is suspended from practice, that solicitor

224

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II shall within twenty-one days from the material date satisfy the —cont. Council that he has made suitable arrangements for making available to his clients or to some other solicitor or solicitors instructed by his clients or by himself—

(a) all deeds, wills, documents constituting or evidencing

title to any property, papers, books of account, records, vouchers and other documents in his or his firm's possession or control, or relating to any trust of which he is the sole trustee or co-trustee only with one or more of his partners, clerks or servants; and

(b) all sums of money due from him or his firm to, or held

by him or his firm on behalf of, his clients or subject to any such trust as aforesaid, and if he fails so to satisfy the Council the said First Schedule shall apply in relation to him.

(3) In the last foregoing subsection, the expression "the material date " means whichever is the latest of the following dates, that is to say—

(a) the date when the order of the disciplinary committee or of the court by or in pursuance of which the solicitor’s name is removed from or struck off the roll, or the solicitor is suspended from practice, is to take effect;

(b) the last date on which an appeal against that order

may be lodged;

(c) the date on which any such appeal is dismissed or

abandoned.

(4) In this section and in the said First Schedule, the expressions " trust " and " trustee " have the same meanings as in section twenty-nine of this Act.

Compensation 32.—(1) A fund, to be known as " the Compensation Fund ",

for loss due shall be maintained and administered in accordance with the of ST" provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act. or clerk. (2) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Council that

any person has sustained loss in consequence of dishonesty on the part of any solicitor or any clerk or servant of a solicitor in connection with that solicitor’s practice as a solicitor or in connection with any trust of which that solicitor is a trustee, then, subject to the provisions of this section, the Society may, if the Council think fit, make a grant to that person out of the Compensation Fund for the purpose of relieving or mitigating that loss.

(3) A grant may be made under this section whether or not the solicitor had a practising certificate in force when the act

1957

Solicitors Act, 1957

Ch. 27

225

of dishonesty was committed, and notwithstanding that subse- Part II quently to the commission of that act the solicitor has died or had his name removed from or struck off the roll, or has ceased to practise or been suspended from practice.

(4) On the making by the Society of any grant under this section to any person in respect of any loss—

(i a)the Society shall to the amount of that grant be sub-

rogated to any rights and remedies in respect of that loss of the person to whom die grant is made or of the solicitor, clerk or servant; and

(b) the person to whom the grant is made shall have no right under bankruptcy or other legal proceedings or otherwise to receive any sum out of the assets of the solicitor, clerk or servant in respect of the loss until the Society has been reimbursed the full amount of its grant,

and in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection references to the person to whom the grant is made or to the solicitor, clerk or servant include, in the event of his death, insolvency or other disability, references to his personal representative or any other person having authority to administer his estate.

(5) The Council may make rules with respect to the procedure to be followed in giving effect to the provisions of tins section and of the Second Schedule to this Act and with respect to any matters incidental, ancillary or supplemental to those provisions or concerning the administration or protection of the Compensation Fund, and no grant shall be made under this section in respect of any loss unless notice of the loss is received by the Society in such manner and within such time after the loss first came to the knowledge of the loser as may be prescribed by the rules; and, for the purposes of enquiring into any matters which may affect the making or refusal of a grant under this section, the Council or any committee appointed by the Council and authorised by them to exercise any of their functions under this section or to assist them in the exercise of any such functions may administer oaths.

(6) In this section the expressions "trust" and "trustee" have the same meanings as in section twenty-nine of this Act.

Restrictions on practice as solicitor

33.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall not Restriction be lawful for any solicitor who is one of the justices of the peace on r^ht for any area, nor for any partner of his, to act in connection Heitor who with proceedings before any of those justices as solicitor or agent is justice of for the solicitor of any person concerned in those proceedings, the peace.

H

226

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 ELiz. 2

Part II

—con/.

Solicitor not to act as agent for unqualified person.

Solicitor not to commence or defend actions whilst in prison.

(2) Where a solicitor is a justice of the peace for any area, but either—

(a) his name is entered in the supplemental list for that

area within the meaning of section four of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949; or

(b) he is for the time being excluded from the exercise of

his functions as a justice for that area under section four of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1906 (which relates to ex-officio justices),

his being a justice for the area shall not subject him or any partner of his to any disqualification under this section.

(3) Where a solicitor is a justice of the peace for the county of London, but is so by virtue only of his office as mayor of a metropolitan borough, his being a justice for the county shall not subject any partner of his to any disqualification under this section.

34, —(1) No solicitor shall wilfully and knowingly act as agent in any action or in any matter in bankruptcy for any unqualified person, or permit his name to be made use of in any such action or matter upon the account or for the profit of any unqualified person, or send any process to any unqualified person, or do any other act enabling any unqualified person to appear, act or practise in any respect as a solicitor in any such action or matter.

(2) Where it appears to the disciplinary committee or, as the case may be, to the High Court that a solicitor has acted in contravention of this section, the committee or court shall order that his name be struck off the roll.

(3) Where the High Court order the name of a solicitor to be struck off the roll in respect of an offence under this section, they may further order that the unqualified person who was enabled by the conduct of the offender to act or practise as a solicitor shall be imprisoned for any period not exceeding one year.

(4) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that in subsection (1) of this section references to an unqualified person include references to a body corporate.

35. —(1) No solicitor whilst a prisoner in any prison shall as a solicitor, in his own name or in the name of any other solicitor, sue out any writ or process, or commence, prosecute or defend any action or any matter in bankruptcy.

(2) Any solicitor commencing, prosecuting or defending any such action or matter in contravention of this section shall be incapable of maintaining any action for the recovery of any costs in respect of any business done by him whilst such a prisoner

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

227

as aforesaid, and he and any solicitor permitting him to com- Part ii

mence, prosecute or defend any such action or matter in his name —com.

shall be guilty of contempt of the court in which that action or matter was commenced or prosecuted and may be punished accordingly.

Restriction on employment of certain persons

36.—(1) No solicitor shall, in connection with his practice as Employment a solicitor, without the written permission of the Society, which by solicitor may be given for such period and subject to such conditions as the Society thinks fit, employ or remunerate any person who to rou or his knowledge is disqualified from practising as a solicitor by suspended, reason of the fact that his name has been struck off the roll or that he is suspended from practising as a solicitor.

(2) A solicitor aggrieved by the refusal of the Society to grant any such permission as aforesaid, or by any conditions attached by the Society to the grant thereof, may appeal to the Master of the Rolls, who may confirm the refusal or the conditions, as the case may be, or may, in lieu of the Society, grant such permission for such period and subject to such conditions as he thinks fit.

(3) If any solicitor acts in contravention of the provisions of this section or of the conditions subject to which any permission has been given thereunder, his name shall be struck off the roll, or he shall be suspended from practice for such period as the disciplinary committee or, as the case may be, the court think

37*—(1) Any person who, whilst he is disqualified from prac- Failure to tising as a solicitor by reason of the fact that his name has been disclose fact struck off the roll or that he is suspended from practising as a of laying solicitor, seeks or accepts employment by a solicitor in connection J*"t*truck with that solicitor’s practice without previously informing him that he is so disqualified shall on summary conviction be liable for each offence to a fine not exceeding ten pounds. 2 *

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the Magistrates* Courts Act,

1952, proceedings under this section may be commenced at any time before the expiration of six months after the first discovery of the offence by the prosecutor, but no such proceedings shaft be commenced except by, or with the consent of, the Attorney-General.

38.—(1) Where in the case of a person who is or was a clerk Control of

fit

employment of certain clerks.

228

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 ELiz. 2

Part n (ii) of any other criminal offence in respect of any

—com. money or property belonging to or held or controlled

by the solicitor by whom he is or was employed or any client of that solicitor; or

(b) it appears to the Society—

(i) in the course or as the result of any proceedings before the disciplinary committee under any other provision of this Act; or

(ii) in the exercise of any powers of the Society under rules made under any of sections twenty-eight to thirty and thirty-two of, or the First Schedule to, this Act,

that that person has been a party to any act or default of the solicitor to whom he is or was clerk in respect of which an application or complaint against that solicitor has been or might be made to the disciplinary committee under any other provision of this Act,

an application may be made to the disciplinary committee with respect to that person by or on behalf of the Society.

(2) On the hearing of any application under the foregoing subsection, the disciplinary committee may make an order that as from such date as may be specified in the order no solicitor shall in connection with his practice as a solicitor take into or retain in his employment, or remunerate, the person with respect to whom the application is made except in accordance with permission in writing granted by the Society for such period and subject to such conditions as the Society may think fit to specify in the permission, and may also make an order as to the payment by any party to the application of costs.

(3) Sections forty-six, forty-eight and forty-nine of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the hearing of, and orders on, applications under this section. 4 5

(4) Every order made under this section shall be filed with the Secretary of the Society and the file kept by him for that purpose may be inspected by any solicitor during office hours without payment but shall not be open to the inspection of any person other than a solicitor.

(5) For the purposes of this section—

(a) an order under Part I of the Criminal Justice Act, 1948, placing a person on probation or discharging him absolutely or conditionally shall, notwithstanding anything in section twelve of that Act, be deemed to be a conviction of the offence for which the order was made; and

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

229

(6) the death of a solicitor against whom an application or Part li complaint might have been made to the disciplinary —com. committee under this Act shall not prevent an application being made under this section in respect of a person who was a clerk to that solicitor but is not himself a solicitor, and who is alleged to have been a party to any act or default of that solicitor.

39.—(1) Any person who, while there is in force in respect of Offences in him an order under the last foregoing section, seeks or accepts <»nnection any employment by or remuneration from a solicitor in con- Strolling nection with his practice as a solicitor without previously inform- employment ing him of that order shall on summary conviction be liable for of certain each offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds. clerks.

(2) Where an order has been made under the last foregoing section in respect of any person and no appeal has been made against that order or that order ha? been confirmed upon appeal, then, if any solicitor knowingly acts in contravention of that order or of any conditions subject to which permission for the employment of that person has been granted thereunder, a complaint in respect of that contravention may be made by or on behalf of the Society to the disciplinary committee.

(3) Any document purporting to be such an order as aforesaid and to be duly signed in accordance with subsection (1) of section forty-nine of this Act shall be received in evidence in any proceedings under this section and be deemed to be such an order without further proof unless the contrary is shown.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the Magistrates’ Courts Act,

1952, proceedings under subsection (1) of this section may be commenced at any time before the expiration of six months after the first discovery of the offence by the prosecutor, but no such proceedings shall be commenced, except with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions, by any person other than the Society or a person acting on behalf of the Society.

Articles

40. Without prejudice to any other provision of this Act, the Power for Society may by regulations made with the concurrence of the s<x?ety to. Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice and the Master of the tionsvvdUi Rolls make provision with respect to the taking and retaining of respect to articled clerks by solicitors and the conduct, duties and responsi- articles, bilities towards one another of the parties to articles.

41. —(1) No solicitor who has not at some time been in con- Restrictions tinuous practice as a solicitor for a period of five years shall,

without the special leave in writing of the Society, take any articled clerk.

230

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II

—cont.

Power to prohibit taking of articled clerk in certain cases.

Power to discharge articles on

grounds of moral unfitness.

Power to discharge articles on application of solicitor or clerk.

(2) No solicitor shall have more than two articled clerks at the same time.

(3) No solicitor shall take or retain any articled clerk after he has ceased to practise as a solicitor or while the solicitor is employed as a clerk by another solicitor.

(4) If any solicitor takes or has an articled clerk in contravention of any of the foregoing provisions of this section, the Society may of its own motion discharge the articles of that clerk upon such terms, including terms as to return of premium, as the Society thinks fit.

42. —(1) Where in the case of any solicitor the Society has power under section twelve of this Act to refuse an application by that solicitor for a practising certificate, the Society may in its discretion by notice in writing to that solicitor prohibit him from taking any articled clerk, and may, if the Society thinks fit, of its own motion discharge the articles of any clerk then already articled to that solicitor upon such terms, including terms as to return of premium, as the Society thinks fit.

(2) If, where any such prohibition has been imposed on a solicitor and has not been withdrawn by the Society, that solicitor takes an articled clerk, a complaint in respect thereof may be made by or on behalf of the Society to the disciplinary committee, and the Society may of its own motion discharge the articles of that clerk upon such terms, including terms as to return of premium, as the Society thinks fit.

43. If any allegation is made to the Council as to the moral unfitness of an articled clerk to be an officer of the Supreme Court, and the Council, after inquiring into that allegation, are satisfied that the clerk is morally unfit to be such an officer, the Society may of its own motion discharge the articles of that clerk upon such terms, including terms as to return of premium, as the Society thinks fit.

44. If at any time while a person is serving as an articled clerk to a solicitor, the Society is satisfied on the application either of the solicitor or of the clerk that the articles ought to be discharged, the Society may discharge the articles upon such terms, including terms as to return of premium, as the Society thinks fit.

Rights of articled clerk upon bankruptcy etc. of solicitor

45.—(1) Where, before the expiration of the term for which a clerk is articled, the solicitor to whom he is articled is adjudged bankrupt, or is imprisoned for debt and remains so imprisoned for twenty-one days, the High Court upon the application of the clerk may order his articles to be discharged or to be transferred

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

231

to another solicitor on such terms and in such manner as the Part II court may think fit. —corn.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall be construed as limiting or affecting—

(a) any power in relation to articles possessed by the High

Court apart from that subsection; or

(b) the provisions of section thirty-four of the Bankruptcy

Act, 1914.

Disciplinary proceedings before disciplinary committee

46.—(1) The Master of the Rolls shall appoint from among Constitution members of the Council and such former members of the Council Pd proceed-as are practising as solicitors in England a disciplinary committee SSinlinary consisting of such number of persons, not being less than three committee! nor more than nine, as he may from time to time think fit, and may from time to time remove any member from, or fill any vacancy in, or, subject to the limits aforesaid, increase the number of the members of, that committee.

(2) The disciplinary committee may, for the purpose of hearing and determining applications or complaints under this Act, sit in two or more divisions and, for the purposes of the hearing and determination of, and the making of an order on, any such application or complaint by such a division, that division shall be deemed to be the committee.

(3) The quorum of the disciplinary committee or a division thereof shall for all purposes be three:

Provided that the decision of the committee or division on an application or complaint may be announced by a single member thereof.

14) Subject to the last foregoing subsection, the disciplinary committee, with the concurrence of the Master of the Rolls, may from time to time make rules for regulating the making to the committee, and the hearing and determining by the committee or a division thereof, of applications or complaints under this Act

(5) Any such rules may—

(a) make provision, in relation to applications under section thirty-eight of this Act, as to who shall be parties to any such application, as to the service of any notice or order upon any party, and as to whether any such application shall be heard prior to, in the course of, concurrently with or subsequent to the hearing of any application or complaint to the committee against a solicitor under this Act;

232

Ch. 27

Solicitors Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part n —cont.

Jurisdiction and powers disciplinary committee.

(b) provide, in relation to any other application or complaint, that, where in the opinion of the committee or of the division thereof to which that application or complaint is referred no prima facie case is shown in favour of the application or complaint, the committee or division may refuse that application or dismiss that complaint without requiring the solicitor to whom the application or complaint relates to answer the allegations and without hearing the applicant or complainant

(6) For the purposes of any application or complaint made to the disciplinary committee under this Act the committee or any division thereof may administer oaths, and the applicant or complainant and any person with respect to whom the application or complaint is made may issue writs of subpoena ad testificandum and duces tecum, but no person shall be compelled under any such writ to produce any document which he could not be compelled to produce on the trial of an action.

(7) The power to make rules conferred by subsection (4) of this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, shall apply to a statutory instrument containing such rules in like manner as if the rules had been made by a Minister of the Crown.

47.—(1) In addition to any other jurisdiction conferred upon the disciplinary committee by this Act, any application—

(a) by a solicitor to procure his name to be removed from

the roll:

(b) by another person to strike the name of a solicitor off

die roll, or to require a solicitor to answer allegations contained in an affidavit.

shall be made to that committee:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect any jurisdiction of the Master of the Rolls or any judge of the High Court over solicitors exercisable apart from die provisions of this subsection by virtue of section fifty of this Act. 2

(2) Subject to section fifty-four of this Act, on the hearing of any application or complaint made to the disciplinary committee under this Act, other than an application under section thirty-eight thereof, the committee or a division thereof shall have power to make such order as they may think fit, and any such order may in particular include provision for any of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) removing from or striking off the roll the name of the

solicitor to whom the application or complaint relates;

(b) suspending that solicitor from practice;

1957 Solicitors Act, 1957 Ch. 27 233

(c) payment by that solicitor of a penalty not exceeding Part II five hundred pounds, which shall be forfeit to Her —com. Majesty; and

(d) payment by any party of costs or of such sum as the committee or division may consider a reasonable contribution towards costs:

Provided that upon proof of the commission of an offence with respect to which express provision is made by any section of this Act, the committee or division shall, without prejudice to their power of making an order as to costs, impose the punishment, or one of the punishments, specified in that section.

48. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection, an appeal Appeals against any order made by the disciplinary committee or a divi- f sion thereof on an application or complaint under this Act disciplinary shall lie to the High Court at the instance either of the applicant committee, or complainant or of the person with respect to whom the application or complaint is made, and every such appeal shall be

made within such time and in such form and shall be heard in such manner as may be prescribed by rules of court:

Provided that any rules made under section eight of the Solicitors Act, 1932, as originally enacted, and any regulations made under subsection (7) of section sixteen of the Solicitors Act, 1941, as originally enacted, being rules or regulations in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, shall continue to have effect for the purposes of this section until revoked by rules of court made by virtue of this subsection as if they were such rules of court.

(2) In the case of an order made on an application under section thirty-eight of this Act—

(a) an appeal shall lie under this section only at the instance of the person with respect to whom the application was made;

(b) the time prescribed for the making of the appeal shall commence with the date of service of a copy of the order on the person aforesaid; and

(c) the decision of the High Court on the appeal shall be final.

49. —(1) Every order made by the disciplinary committee or Additional a division thereof on an application or complaint made to the provisions committee under this Act shall be prefaced by a statement of with respect their findings in relation to the facts of the case and shall be disciplinary signed by the chairman of the committee or by some other committee, member of the committee authorised by the committee in that

behalf.

H*

234

Part II —cont.

Jurisdiction of Supreme Court over solicitors.

Procedure upon certain applications High Court.

Ch. 27 Solicitors , 1957 5 & 6 ELiz. 2

(2) Every such order, other than an order made on an application under section thirty-eight of this Act, shall be filed with the Society, and as soon as it has been so filed shall be acted upon by the Society and be enforceable in the same manner as a judgment or order of the High Court to the like effect.

(3) Where any order filed as aforesaid includes provision for any of the matters referred to in paragraphs (a) to () of subsection (2) of section forty-seven of this Act, the Society shall cause a note of the effect of that order to be entered on die roll against the name of the solicitor with respect to whom the application or complaint was made and, except in the case of an order making provision only for the matters referred to in the said paragraph (), shall forthwith upon the filing of the order cause a notice stating the effect of the operative part thereof to be published in the London Gazette.

(4) The file kept by the Society for the purposes of this section shall be open to inspection by any person during office hours without payment.

Disciplinary proceedings before Supreme Court

50. —(1) Any person duly admitted as a solicitor shall be an officer of the Supreme Court:

Provided that section one hundred and twenty of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which imposes on officers of the Supreme Court restrictions as to practice as solicitors) shall not apply to any solicitor by virtue only of this subsection.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the High Court and the Court of Appeal respectively, or any division or judge thereof, may exercise the same jurisdiction in respect of solicitors as any one of the superior courts of law or equity from which the Supreme Court of Judicature was constituted might have exercised immediately before the passing of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, in respect of any solicitor, attorney or proctor admitted to practise therein.

51. —(1) Where an application to strike the name of a solicitor off the roll or to require a solicitor to answer allegations contained in an affidavit is made to the High Court, then, subject to section fifty-four of this Act, the following provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to that application. 2

(2) The court shall not entertain the application except upon production of an affidavit proving that the applicant has served upon the Society fourteen clear days’ notice of his intention to make the application, together with copies of all affidavits intended to be used in support thereof.

1957

Solicitors Act, 1957

Ch. 27

235

(3) The Society may appear by counsel upon the hearing of Part II the application and upon any other proceedings arising out of —com. or in reference to the application, and may apply to the court

to make absolute any order nisi which may have been made by the court in the matter of the application, or to make an order that the name of the solicitor with respect to whom the application is made be struck off the roll, or such other order as the court may think fit.

(4) The court may order the costs of the Society of or relating to any of the matters aforesaid to be paid by the solicitor against whom, or by the person by whom, the application was made, or was intended to be made, or partly by one and partly by the other of them.

52. Where an order, whether nisi or absolute, has been made Power of by the High Court or the Court of Appeal upon a motion to Society to remove from or strike off the roll the name of a solicitor, or dfaw UP ordcr to require a solicitor to answer allegations contained in an ot court* affidavit, and has not been drawn up by the applicant within

one week after it was made, the Society may cause the order to be drawn up, and all future proceedings thereon shall be taken as if the motion had been made by the Society.

53. Where an order is made by the High Court or the Court Production of of Appeal that the name of a solicitor be removed from or order of court struck off the roll, or that a solicitor be suspended from practice,to Socicty-the proper officer of the court shall forthwith send to the Society

a copy of the order, and the Society shall enter a note thereof on the roll in connection with the name of the solicitor and, where the order so directs, shall remove or strike off the name.

Disciplinary proceedings—general

54. —(1) No solicitor shall be liable to have his name struck Restrictions off the roll on account of any failure to comply with the require- on powers to ments with respect to service under articles of any regulations strike names made under section three of this Act or on account of any defect ° ro *

in his admission and enrolment, unless the application to strike his name off the roll is made within twelve months after the date of his enrolment:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in any case where fraud is proved to have been committed in connection with the failure or defect. 2

(2) No person shall be liable to have his name struck off the roll by reason only that a solicitor whom he has served for the whole or any part of the term of articled service required in his case by the regulations aforesaid has neglected or omitted to take out a practising certificate in accordance with the provisions of Part I of this Act, or by reason only that the name

H* 2

236

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II —cont.

Applications with respect to allegations.

Orders as to remuneration of solicitors for non-con tentious business.

of a solicitor whom he has served for any period has after the termination of that period been removed from or struck off the roll.

55. For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that an application by any person to require a solicitor to answer allegations contained in an affidavit, whether that application is made to the disciplinary committee or to the High Court, may be treated as an application to strike the name of that solicitor off the roll on the grounds of the matters alleged.

Part III Remuneration of Solicitors

Non-contentious business

56.—(1) For the purposes of this section there shall be a committee consisting of the following persons—

(a) the Lord Chancellor;

(b) the Lord Chief Justice;

(c) the Master of the Rolls;

(d) the President of the Society;

(e) a solicitor, being the president of a provincial law society, nominated by the Lord Chancellor to serve on the committee during his tenure of office as president; and

(/) subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, the Chief Land Registrar appointed under the Land Registration Act, 1925.

(2) The committee or any three of the members thereof (the Lord Chancellor being one) may make general orders prescribing and regulating in such manner as they think fit the remuneration of solicitors in respect of non-contentious business and any order made under this section may revoke or alter any previous order so made:

Provided that the Chief Land Registrar shall be deemed to be a member of the committee for the purpose only of prescribing and regulating the remuneration of solicitors in respect of business under the Land Registration Act, 1925. 3

(3) Before any such order is made, the Lord Chancellor shall cause a draft thereof to be sent to the Council, and the committee shall, before making the order, consider any observations in writing submitted to them by the Council within one month of the sending to them of the draft, and may then make the order, either in the form of the draft or with such alterations or additions as they may think fit.

1957

Solicitors Act, 1957

Ch. 27

237

(4) An order under this section may, as regards the mode of Part III remuneration, prescribe that it shall be according to a scale of —con/. rates of commission or percentage, varying or not in different

classes of business, or by a gross sum, or by a fixed sum for each document prepared or perused, without regard to length, or in any other mode, or partly in one mode and partly in another, and may regulate the amount of remuneration with reference to all or any of the following, among other, considerations, that is to say—

(a) the position of the party for whom the solicitor is concerned in the business, that is, whether as vendor or purchaser, lessor or lessee, mortgagor or mortgagee, and the like;

(Z>) the place where, and the circumstances in which, the business or any part thereof is transacted;

(c) the amount of the capital money or rent to which the business relates;

(d) the skill, labour and responsibility involved therein on the part of the solicitor;

(e) the number and importance of the documents prepared or perused, without regard to length.

(5) An order under this section may authorise and regulate—

ia) the taking by a solicitor from his client of security for

payment of any remuneration, to be ascertained by taxation or otherwise, which may become due to him under any such order; and

(b) the allowance of interest.

(6) So long as an order made under this section is in operation, taxation of bills of costs of solicitors in respect of non-con-tentious business shall, subject to the provisions of the next following section, be regulated by that order.

(7) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, and the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, shall apply to a statutory instrument containing such an order in like manner as if the order had been made by a Minister of the Crown.

57.—(1) Whether or not any order is in force under the last Agreements foregoing section, a solicitor and his client may, either before with respect to or after or in the course of the transaction of any non-con- j^JJ^ation tentious business by the solicitor, make an agreement as to contentious the remuneration of the solicitor in respect thereof. business.

238

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part III

—cont.

Remuneration of a solicitor who is a mortgagee.

(2) The agreement may provide for the remuneration of the solicitor by a gross sum, or by commission or percentage, or by salary, or otherwise, and it may be made on the terms that the amount of the remuneration therein stipulated for either shall or shall not include all or any disbursements made by the solicitor in respect of searches, plans, travelling, stamps, fees or other matters.

(3) The agreement shall be in writing and signed by the person to be bound thereby or his agent in that behalf.

(4) The agreement may be sued and recovered on or set aside in the like manner and on the like grounds as an agreement not relating to the remuneration of a solicitor:

Provided that if on any taxation of costs the agreement is relied on by the solicitor and objected to by the client as unfair or unreasonable, the taxing officer may enquire into the facts and certify them to the court, and if on that certificate it appears just to the court that the agreement should be cancelled, or the amount payable thereunder reduced, the court may order the agreement to be cancelled, or the amount payable thereunder to be reduced, and may give such consequential directions as they think fit.

58.—(1) If a mortgage is made to a solicitor, either alone or jointly with any other person, he, or the firm of which he is a member, shall be entitled to recover from the mortgagor in respect of all business transacted and acts done by him or them in negotiating the loan, deducing and investigating the title to the property, and preparing and completing the mortgage, such usual costs as he or they would have been entitled to receive if the mortgage had been made to a person who was not a solicitor and that person had retained and employed him or them to transact that business and do those acts.

(2) If a mortgage has been made to, or has become vested by transfer or transmission in, a solicitor, either alone or jointly with any other person, and any business is transacted or acts are done by that solicitor, or by the firm of which he is a member, in relation to that mortgage or the security thereby created or the property comprised thereunder, then he or they shall be entitled to recover from the person on whose behalf the business was transacted or the acts were done, and to charge against the security, such usual costs as he or they would have been entitled to receive if the mortgage had been made to and had remained vested in a person who was not a solicitor and that person had retained and employed him or them to transact that business and do those acts.

(3) In this section the expression " mortgage " includes any charge on any property for securing money or money’s worth.

1957

Solicitors Act, 1957

Ch. 27

239

Part III

Contentious business —cont.

59. A solicitor may make an agreement in writing with his Power to make client as to his remuneration in respect of any contentious business done, or to be done, by him providing that he shall remuneration be remunerated either by a gross sum, or by salary, or otherwise, for contentious and at either a greater or a less rate than that at which he would business, otherwise have been entitled to be remunerated.

60.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have Effect of effect in relation to any agreement such as is referred to in agreements the last foregoing section. ^Su,

(2) The agreement shall not affect the amount of, or any business* rights or remedies for the recovery of, any costs payable by the client to, or to the client by, any person other than the solicitor, and that person may, unless he has otherwise agreed, require any such costs to be taxed according to the rules for the time being in force for the taxation thereof:

Provided that the client shall not be entitled to recover from any other person under any order for the payment of any costs to which the agreement relates more than the amount payable by him to his solicitor in respect thereof under the agreement.

(3) The agreement shall be deemed to exclude any claim by the solicitor in respect of the business to which it relates other than—

(a) a claim for the agreed costs; or

(b) a claim for such costs as are expressly excepted therefrom.

(4) A provision in the agreement that the solicitor shall not be liable for negligence, or that he shall be relieved from any responsibility to which he would otherwise be subject as a solicitor, shall be void.

61.—(1) No action shall be brought upon any such agreement Enforcement as is referred to in section fifty-nine of this Act but the court of agreements may, on the application of any person who is a party to, or the representative of a party to, the agreement, or who is, or b^tlouS who is alleged to be, liable to pay, or who is or claims to be entitled to be paid, the costs due or alleged to be due in respect of the business to which the agreement relates, enforce or set aside the agreement and determine every question as to the validity or effect thereof.

(2) On any such application, the court—

(a) if they are of opinion that the agreement is in all respects

fair and reasonable, may enforce it;

(b) if they are of opinion that the agreement is in any

respect unfair or unreasonable, may declare it void

<^»

240

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IU

—cont.

and may order it to be given up to be cancelled and may order the costs covered thereby to be taxed as if die agreement had never been made;

(c) in any case, may make such order as to the costs of the application as they think fit.

(3) If the business covered by any such agreement is business done, or to be done, in any action, the amount payable under the agreement shall not be received by the solicitor until the agreement has been examined and allowed by a taxing officer of the court, and, if the taxing officer is of opinion that the agreement is unfair or unreasonable, he may require the opinion of the court to be taken thereon, and the court may reduce the amount payable thereunder, or order the agreement to be cancelled and the costs covered thereby to be taxed as if the agreement had never been made.

(4) When the amount agreed for under any such agreement has been paid by or on behalf of the client or by any person entitled so to do, the person making the payment may at any time within twelve months after payment apply to the court, and the court, if it appears to them that the special circumstances of the case require the agreement to be reopened, may, on such terms as may be just, re-open the agreement and may order the costs covered thereby to be taxed and the whole or any part of the amount received by the solicitor to be repaid by him.

(5) Where any such agreement is made by the client as the guardian or committee of, or as a trustee under a deed or will for, any person whose property will be chargeable with the whole or any part of the amount payable under the agreement, the agreement shall, before payment, be laid before the taxing officer of the court, and that officer shall examine the agreement and may disallow any part thereof, or may require the opinion of the court to be taken thereon.

(6) Any such client as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection who pays the whole or any part of the amount payable under the agreement without the agreement having been allowed by the officer or by the court shall be liable at any time to account to the person whose property is charged with the whole or any part of the amount so paid for the sum so charged, and the solicitor who accepts the payment may be ordered by the court to refund the amount received by him.

(7) In this and the next following section the expression " court " means—

(a) in relation to an agreement under which any business has been done in any court having jurisdiction to enforce and set aside agreements, any such court in which any of that business has been done;

1957 Solicitors , 1957 Ch.

(b) in relation to an agreement under which no business

has been done in any such court, and under which more than fifty pounds is payable, the High Court;

(c) in relation to an agreement under which no business

has been done in any such court and under which not more than fifty pounds is payable, any county court which would, but for the provisions of subsection (1) of this section prohibiting the bringing of an action on the agreement, have had jurisdiction in any action thereon;

and for the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the expression " court having jurisdiction to enforce and set aside agreements " in paragraph (a) of this subsection includes a county court.

62.—(1) If, after some business has been done under an agree- Death, ment made in pursuance of the provisions of section fifty-nine incapability of this Act but before the solicitor has wholly performed it, or change of the solicitor dies or becomes incapable of acting, then any party 8ollcitor»etc to, or the representative of any party to, the agreement may apply to the court, and the court shall have the same jurisdiction as to enforcing the agreement so far as it has been performed, or setting it aside, as they would have had if the solicitor had not died or become incapable of acting:

Provided that the court may, notwithstanding that they are of opinion that the agreement is in all respects fair and reasonable, order the amount due in respect of the business done thereunder to be ascertained by taxation, and in that case—

(a) the taxing officer, in ascertaining that amount, shall

have regard so far as may be to the terms of the agreement; and

(b) payment of the amount found by him to be due may be

enforced in the same manner as if the agreement had been completely performed.

(2) The provisions of the foregoing subsection shall apply in the event of the client changing his solicitor (as, notwithstanding the agreement, he shall be entitled to do) before the conclusion of the business to which the agreement relates in the same manner as they apply when the solicitor dies or is incapacitated, with this modification, that if an order is made for the taxation of the amount due to the solicitor in respect of the business done under the agreement the court shall direct the taxing officer to have regard to the circumstances under which the change of solicitor has taken place, and the taxing officer, unless he is of opinion that there has been no default, negligence, improper delay or other conduct on the part of the solicitor affording to the client reasonable ground for changing his solicitor, shall not allow to the solicitor the full amount of the remuneration agreed to be paid to him.

241

Part HI

—cont.

242

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part III

—CO/!/.

Agreement

excludes

taxation.

Form of bill of costs for contentious business.

Miscellaneous provisions as to remuneration for contentious business.

63. Subject to the provisions of the three last foregoing sec- . tions, the costs of a solicitor in any case where an agreement has been made in pursuance of the provisions of section fifty-nine of this Act shall not be subject to taxation, nor to the provisions of section sixty-eight of this Act.

64. Where the remuneration of a solicitor in respect of contentious business done by him is not the subject of such an agreement as is mentioned in section fifty-nine of this Act, the solicitor’s bill of costs may at the option of the solicitor either contain detailed items or be for a gross sum:

Provided that—

(a) at any time before service upon him of a writ or other

originating process for the recovery of costs included in a gross sum bill and before the expiration of three months from the date of the delivery to him of the bill, the party chargeable therewith may require the solicitor to deliver to him in lieu thereof a bill containing detailed items, and the gross sum bill shall thereupon be of no effect;

(b) where an action is commenced on a gross sum bill, the

court shall, if so requested by the party chargeable therewith before the expiration of one month from the service on that party of the writ or other originating process, order that die bill shall be taxed;

(c) if a gross sum bill is referred to taxation, whether under

this section or otherwise, nothing in this section shall prejudice any rules of court with respect to taxation, and the solicitor shall furnish the taxing officer with such details of any of the costs covered by the bill as the taxing officer may require.

65. —(1) Nothing in sections fifty-nine to sixty-three of this Act shall give validity to—

(a) any purchase by a solicitor of the interest, or any part

of the interest, of his client in any action, suit or other contentious proceeding; or

(b) any agreement by which a solicitor retained or employed

to prosecute any action, suit or other contentious proceeding stipulates for payment only in the event of success in that action, suit or proceeding; or

(c) any disposition, contract, settlement, conveyance,

delivery, dealing or transfer which is under the law relating to bankruptcy invalid against a trustee or creditor in any bankruptcy or composition. 2

(2) A solicitor may, with respect to any contentious business to be done by him, take security from his client for his costs to be ascertained by taxation or otherwise.

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

243

(3) Subject to the provisions of any rules of court, upon every Part III taxation of costs with respect to any contentious business, the taxing officer may—

(a) allow interest at such rate and from such time as he

thinks just on moneys disbursed by the solicitor for the client, and on moneys of the client in the hands of, and improperly retained by, the solicitor;

(b) in determining the remuneration of the solicitor, have

regard to the skill, labour and responsibility involved in the business done by him.

General provisions as to remuneration

66. For the purposes of the remuneration of a solicitor, his Inclusion in bill of costs may include costs payable in discharge of a liability bill of costs of properly incurred by the solicitor on behalf of the party to be

charged with the bill (including counsel’s fees) notwithstanding that those costs have not been paid before the delivery to that party of that bill:

Provided that—

(a) those costs shall be described in the bill as not then paid;

(b) if the bill is referred to taxation, the taxing officer shall

not allow those costs unless they have been paid before the taxation is completed.

67. —(1) The jurisdiction of the High Court to make orders for Power of court the delivery by a solicitor of a bill of costs and for the delivery to order

up of, or otherwise in relation to, any deeds, documents or^ywhSl papers in his possession, custody or power, is hereby declared etc. to extend to cases in which no business has been done by him in the High Court

(2) A county court shall have the same jurisdiction as the High Court to make orders for the delivery by a solicitor of a bill of costs and for the delivery up of, or otherwise in relation to, any deeds, documents or papers in his possession, custody or power, in cases where the bill of costs, deeds, documents or papers relate wholly or partly to contentious business done by the solicitor in that county court.

(3) In this and the three next following sections the expression 44 solicitor " includes the executors, administrators and assignees of the solicitor in question.

68. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no action shall Action to be brought to recover any costs due to a solicitor until one month after a bill thereof has been delivered in accordance with ^ts. the requirements set out in the next following subsection:

Provided that, if there is probable cause for believing that the party chargeable with the costs is about to quit England, or

244

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part III

—conf.

Taxation of bills on application of party chargeable or solicitor.

to become a bankrupt, or to compound with his creditors, or to do any other act which would tend to prevent or delay the solicitor obtaining payment, the High Court may, notwithstanding that one month has not expired from the delivery of the bill, order that the solicitor be at liberty to commence an action to recover his costs and may order those costs to be taxed.

(2) The requirements referred to in the foregoing subsection are that the bill must—

(a) be signed by the solicitor, or if the costs are due to a

firm, by one of the partners of that firm, either in his own name or in the name of the firm, or be enclosed in, or accompanied by, a letter which is so signed and refers to the bill; and

(b) be delivered to the party to be charged therewith, either

personally or by being sent to him by post to, or left for him at, his place of business, dwelling-house, or last known place of abode;

and, where a bill is proved to have been delivered in compliance with those requirements, it shall not be necessary in the first instance for the solicitor to prove the contents of the bill and it shall be presumed, until the contrary is shown, to be a bill bona fide complying with this Act.

69.—(1) On the application, made within one month of the delivery of a solicitor’s bill, of the party chargeable therewith, the High Court shall, without requiring any sum to be paid into court, order that the bill shall be taxed and that no action shall be commenced thereon until the taxation is completed. 2

(2) If no such application is made within the period mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, then, on the application either of the solicitor or of the party chargeable with the bill, the court may, upon such terms, if any, as they think fit (not being terms as to the costs of the taxation), order—

(a) that the bill shall be taxed;

(b) that, until the taxation is completed, no action shall be

commenced on the bill, and any action already commenced be stayed:

Provided that—

(i) if twelve months have expired from the delivery of the bill, or if the bill has been paid, or if a verdict has been obtained or a writ of inquiry executed in an action for the recovery of the costs covered thereby, no order shall be made on the application of the party chargeable with the bill except in special circumstances and, if an order is made, it may contain such terms as regards the costs of the taxation as the court may think fit;

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

245

(ii) in no event shall any such order be made after the expiration of twelve months from the payment of the bill.

(3) Every order for the taxation of a bill shall require the taxing officer to tax not only the bill but also the costs of the taxation and to certify what is due to or by the solicitor in respect of the bill and in respect of the costs of the taxation.

(4) If after due notice of any taxation either party thereto fails to attend, the officer may proceed with the taxation ex parte.

(5) Unless—

(a) the order for taxation was made on the application of

the solicitor and the party chargeable does not attend the taxation; or

(b) the order for taxation otherwise provides,

the costs of the taxation shall be paid according to the event of the taxation, that is to say, if one-sixth of the amount of the bill is taxed off, the solicitor shall pay the costs, but otherwise the party chargeable shall pay the costs:

Provided that—

(i) if, in the case of a bill for non-contentious business, not

less than half of the amount of the bill before taxation consists of costs for which no scale charge is provided by an order for the time being in operation under section tifty-six of this Act, for the reference in this subsection to one-sixth of the amount of the bill there shall be deemed to be substituted a reference to one-fifth thereof;

(ii) the taxing officer may certify any special circumstances

relating to the bill or the taxation thereof to the court, and the court may make thereon any such order as they think fit respecting the payment of the costs of the taxation.

70.—(1) Where a person other than the person who is the party chargeable with the bill for the purposes of the last foregoing section has paid, or is or was liable to pay, the bill either to the solicitor or to the party chargeable with the bill, that person or his executors, administrators or assignees may apply to die court for an order for the taxation of the bill as if he were the party chargeable therewith, and the court may make thereon the same order, if any, as they might have made if the application had been made by that party:

Provided that, in cases where the court have no power to make an order except in special circumstances, the court may, in considering whether there are special circumstances sufficient to

Part 111

—cont.

Taxation on application of third parties, etc.

246

Ch. 27

Solicitors Act, 1957

5 & 6 B2

Part in —cont.

General provisions as to taxations.

justify them in making an order, take into account circumstances affecting the applicant but which do not affect the party chargeable with the bill.

(2) If a trustee, executor or administrator has become liable to pay a bill of a solicitor, the High Court may, upon the application of any person interested in any property out of which the trustee, executor or administrator has paid, or is entitled to pay, the bill, and upon such terms, if any, as they think fit, order the bill to be taxed, and may order such payments, in respect of the amount found due to or by the solicitor and in respect of the cost of the taxation, to be made to or by the applicant, or to or by the solicitor, or to the executor, administrator or trustee, as they think fit:

Provided that in considering any such application the court shall have regard to—

(a) the provisions of the last foregoing section as to applications by the party chargeable with the taxation of a solicitor’s bill so far as they are capable of being applied to an application made under this subsection;

(b) the extent and nature of the interest of the applicant

(3) If an applicant under the last foregoing subsection pays any money to the solicitor, he shall have the same right to be paid that money by the trustee, executor or administrator chargeable with the bill as the solicitor had.

(4) On an application made under this section—

(a) except in special circumstances no order shall be made

for the taxation of a bill which has already been taxed;

(b) the court may, if they order taxation of the bill, order the

solicitor to deliver to the applicant a copy of the bill upon payment of the costs of that copy.

71.—(1) Every application for an order for the taxation of a solicitor’s bill or for the delivery of such a bill and the delivery up of any deeds, documents and papers by a solicitor shall be made in die matter of that solicitor.

(2) In the course of any taxation, the taxing officer may request the taxing officer of any other court to assist him in taxing any part of the bill, and the taxing officer so requested shall thereupon proceed to tax that part of the bill and shall return the bill with his opinion thereon to the taxing officer making the request.

(3) In any case such as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection die taxing officer who is requested to tax part of a bill shall have such powers, and may take such fees, in respect thereof as he would have or be endded to take if he were taxing that part of the bill in pursuance of an order of the

1957 Solicitors; 1957 Ch. 27

court of which He is an officer, and the taxing officer who made the request shall not take any fee in respect of that part of the bill.

(4) The certificate of the taxing officer by whom any bill has been taxed shall, unless it is set aside or altered by the court, be final as to the amount of the costs covered thereby, and the court may make such order in relation thereto as they think fit, including, in a case where the retainer is not disputed, an order that judgment be entered for the sum certified to be due with costs.

72. Any court in which a solicitor has been employed to prosecute or defend any suit, matter or proceeding may at any time declare the solicitor entitled to a charge on the property recovered or preserved through his instrumentality for his taxed costs in reference to that suit, matter or proceeding, and may make such orders for the taxation of the said costs and for raising money to pay, or for paying, the said costs out of the said property as they think fit, and all conveyances and acts done to defeat, or operating to defeat, that charge shall, except in the case of a conveyance to a bona fide purchaser for value without notice, be void as against the solicitor:

Provided that no order shall be made if the right to recover the costs is barred by any statute of limitations.

73. —(1) For the purposes of regulating the remuneration of a solicitor in respect of contentious business done by him in a county court, sections fifty-nine to seventy-two of this Act shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) Where a bill of costs relates wholly or partly to contentious business done in a county court and the amount of the bill does not exceed four hundred pounds, the powers and duties of the High Court relating thereto under sections sixty-eight, sixty-nine, and seventy of this Act may be exercised and performed by a county court in which any part of the business was done.

(3) The registrar of a county court shall be the taxing officer of that court but any taxation of costs by him may be reviewed by die judge of that court on the application of any party thereto. 4

(4) On the taxation of any costs or bill of costs, the amount which may be allowed in respect of any item relating to proceedings in a county court shall not exceed the amount which could have been allowed in respect of that item as between party and party in those proceedings, having regard to the nature of the proceedings and the amount of the claim and counter claim, if any, therein.

247

Part III

—cont.

Charging

orders.

Special provisions as to contentious business done in county courts.

248

Ch. 27

Solicitors Act, \951

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part in

—cont.

Saving for

certain

enactments.

Compulsory membership of Society.

74. Nothing in this Part of this Act shall affect the following enactments, that is to say—

(a) section three of the Leases Act, 1845 (which regulates the taxation of the costs of preparing and executing deeds under that Act);

Kb) section one hundred and thirty-nine of, and paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Fourteenth Schedule to, the Law of Property Act, 1922 (which contains provisions as to costs in connection with the extinguishment of manorial incidents under that Act);

(c) section one hundred and forty-four of the Land Registration Act, 1925 (which enables rules to be made regulating, amongst other things, the taxation and incidence of the costs of the registration of land and other matters done under that Act);

() section two hundred and forty-two of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which provides for the examination of certain costs incurred by the council of the county district by the clerk of the peace);

(e) any of the provisions of the Legal Aid and Advice Act, 1949;

if) any of the provisions of the Costs in Criminal (.'uses Act, 1952;

(g) any other enactment not expressly repealed by this Act which authorises the making of rules or orders or the giving of directions with respect to costs, or which provides that any such rule, order or direction made or given under a previous enactment shall continue in force.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

Provisions with respect to the Society

75.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall not come into operation until such day as the Lord Chancellor may by order made by statutory instrument appoint after he is satisfied on a poll taken by the Council of all solicitors for the time being holding practising certificates that not less than two-thirds of those voting are in favour of those provisions coming into operation. 2

(2) A solicitor shall, on each occasion on which a practising certificate is issued to him, pay to the Society, together with the fee payable by him in respect of that certificate under section eleven of this Act, the annual subscription which is or would be payable by him under section seventy-seven of this Act as a

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

249

member of the Society, and shall thereupon, notwithstanding Part IV anytiring in the Charter or in any byelaw or regulation of the —con*-Society, become, by virtue of this section and without election or appointment by the Council, a member of the Society and be subject to any byelaw or regulation of the Society for the time being affecting members thereof and, while he remains a member, be eligible for election as a member of the Council:

Provided that a solicitor to whom a practising certificate is issued after the fifteenth day of November but before the sixteenth day of December in any year shall on payment of the said annual subscription be deemed to have become a member of the Society on the sixteenth day of November in that year.

(3) Subject to the provisions of subsection (1) of section seventy-eight of this Act, a solicitor who has become a member of the Society under the last foregoing subsection on the issue to him of a practising certificate shall remain a member until the end of the fifteenth day of November next following the issue of that certificate.

76. Notwithstanding anything in the Charter, the Council may Non-practising appoint and elect to be a member of the Society any person soUdtora whose name is for the time being on the roll, whether or not he ~j^ciSdD has held a practising certificate, and upon appointment and Df society/ election and payment of the annual subscription payable by him

under the next following section that person shall become a member of the Society and be subject to any byelaw or regulation of the Society for the time being affecting the members thereof and, while he remains a member, be eligible for election as a member of the Council.

77. —(1) The amount of the annual subscription payable by Annual

members of the Society shall be fixed from time to time by the subscription Council. toSoaety.

(2) In fixing the amount of the annual subscription, the Council shall be at liberty to divide members into classes, and to provide that different amounts shall be paid by different classes and extend over different periods, and generally to regulate, and to vary from time to time, the subscriptions payable by members or by different classes of members, as the Council may think fit.

78. —(1) If the name of a solicitor who is a member of the Cessation and Society is removed from or struck off the roll that solicitor shall suspension of

thereupon cease to be a member of the Society. membership

/,v , , , , . , J of Society, etc.

(2) A member of the Society who is suspended from practising as a solicitor shall not be entitled during the period of his suspension to any of the rights or privileges of membership of the Society.

250 Ch. 27 Solicitors , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV (3) The Council may suspend any member of the Society from using the hall and library and any of the rooms belonging to the Society and from the exercise of all other rights and privileges of a member during such period as they may think fit for any cause which, in their opinion, renders such suspension necessary or expedient but is not of a nature to justify the making of a complaint by or on behalf of the Society to the disciplinary committee:

Provided that a member shall not be so suspended unless at least sixteen members of the Council are present at the meeting at which the suspension is resolved on and at least twelve of the members of the Council present at that meeting consent to the suspension.

(4) Any member of the Society who has been suspended under the last foregoing subsection may, upon giving the notice required by any byelaw or regulation of the Society, appeal against the suspension to the next available general meeting of members of the Society, and that meeting may confirm, rescind or vary the period of the suspension in any manner they think fit.

Appointment 79.—(i) The Council may appoint a committee for any such

of thTcouS 8eneral or special purpose as in the opinion of the Council may 0 * be better regulated or managed by means of a committee, and

may delegate to any committee so appointed, with or without restrictions or conditions, as they think fit, the exercise of any functions exercisable by the Council.

(2) The number and term of office of the members of a committee appointed under this section, and the number of those members necessary to form a quorum, shall be fixed by the Council.

(3) A committee appointed under this section may include persons who are not members of the Council:

Provided that—

(a) at least half the members of any committee (including

the chairman thereof) shall be members of the Council;

(b) if more than one-third of the members of any com-

mittee are not members of the Council, no resolution of that committee shall be duly passed unless the majority of the members of the Council present shall have voted in favour of it.

Powers to act 80.—(1) Anything authorised or required to be done by the

of Society under or in pursuance of this Act or of any instrument Sodcty* made thereunder may be done on behalf of the Society by the Council.

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

251

(2) Any document issued by the Society for any purpose whatsoever may be signed on behalf of the Society by the Secretary thereof or by such other officer thereof as may from time to time be prescribed by the Council.

Miscellaneous provisions

81.—(1) Every commission appointing a solicitor to be a commissioner for oaths shall, before being acted upon, be produced to the Society by or on behalf of the holder, and the Society shall enter the particulars of every commission so produced to it in a register to be kept for the purpose and shall note upon the commission the fact and date of entry.

(2) Such fees shall be chargeable by the Society in respect of the registration under this section of any commission as the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Lord Chief Justice and the Master of the Rolls, may by order made by statutory instrument from time to time prescribe.

(3) The register kept in pursuance of this section shall be open to inspection during office hours by any person without payment.

82. For the purpose of any statutory provision or custom whereby the qualification of a solicitor for holding any office depends upon his having been admitted and enrolled for a prescribed period, the period of enrolment of a solicitor who before admission was a barrister shall be deemed to include any period after his call to the bar in England during which he is, for the purposes of this section, recognised by the Society as having been, or certified by the Attorney-General as having in his opinion been, in practice or in employment as a barrister.

83. The Society shall be entitled, without payment of any fee, to inspect the file of proceedings in bankruptcy relating to any solicitor against whom proceedings in bankruptcy have been taken and to be supplied with office copies of the proceedings on payment of the usual charge for such copies.

84.—(1) For the purpose of facilitating the service of notices and other documents, every solicitor who has in force, or has applied for, a practising certificate shall give notice to the Society of any change in his place or places of business within fourteen days after die date on which the change takes effect, and every such notice shall be deemed to be, and shall be recorded by the

Part IV

—cont.

Registration of appointment of solicitor as commissioner for oaths.

Qualification for holding office of solicitors who have been barristers.

Power of Society to inspect file of proceedings in bankruptcy of solicitor.

Service of documents at solicitor’s place of business

252

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

— con

Relief to banks.

Interpretation.

Society as, an amendment of the latest declaration delivered by the solicitor to the Society under section nine of this Act

(2) Any notice or other document which is required or authorised by or under this Act to be served on a practising solicitor may, without prejudice to any other method of service, be served by sending it in a registered letter addressed to him at any place specified as his place of business, or one of his places of business, in the latest declaration so delivered by him as amended by any such notice as aforesaid.

85.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no bank shall, in connection with any transaction on account of any solicitor kept with it or with any other bank (other than an account kept by a solicitor as trustee for a specified beneficiary) incur any liability or be under any obligation to make any inquiry, or be deemed to have any knowledge of any right of any person to any money paid or credited to any such account, which it would not incur or be under or be deemed to have in the case of an account kept by a person entitled absolutely to all the money paid or credited to it:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall relieve a bank from any liability or obligation under which it would be apart from section twenty-nine of this Act or this section.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing subsection, a bank at which a solicitor keeps an account for clients’ moneys shall not, in respect of any liability of the solicitor to the bank, not being a liability in connection with that account, have or obtain any recourse or right, whether by way of set-off, counterclaim, charge or otherwise, against moneys standing to the credit of that account.

General provisions

86.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively, that is to say—

"articles" means written articles of clerkship binding a person to serve a solicitor as an articled clerk;

" the Charter " means the Royal Charter dated the twenty-sixth day of February, eighteen hundred and forty-five, whereby the Society was incorporated, together with the Royal Charters supplemental thereto dated respectively the twenty-sixth day of November, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, the fourth day of June, nineteen hundred and three, the second day of June, nineteen hundred and nine and the tenth day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-four;

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

253

" client " includes—

(a) in relation to contentious business, any person who as principal or on behalf of another person retains or employs, or is about to retain or employ, a solicitor, and any person who is or may be liable to pay a solicitor’s costs;

(b) in relation to non-contentious business, any person who, as a principal or on behalf of another, or as a trustee or executor, or in any other capacity, has power, express or implied, to retain or employ, and retains or employs or is about to retain or employ, a solicitor, and any person for the time being liable to pay to a solicitor for his services any costs;

" contentious business " means business done, whether as solicitor or advocate, in or for the purposes of proceedings begun before a court or before an arbitrator appointed under the Arbitration Act, 1950, not being business which falls within the definition of non-contentious or common form probate business contained in subsection (1) of section one hundred and seventy-five of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925;

44 costs " includes fees, charges, disbursements, expenses and remuneration;

" the Council " means the Council of the Society elected in accordance with the provisions of the Charter and this Act;

44disciplinary committee" means the committee appointed under section forty-six of this Act;

44 non-contentious business " means any business done as a solicitor which is not contentious business as defined by this subsection;

44 practising certificate " has the meaning assigned by section one of this A,ct;

44 provincial law society " means any body of solicitors in England, other than the Society, incorporated by Royal Charter or under any enactment relating to companies;

44 the roll " means the roll of solicitors of the Supreme Court kept by the Society under section six of this Act;

44 Secretary " of the Society includes any deputy or person appointed temporarily to perform the duties of that office;

44 the Society " means the Law Society, that is to say, the Society incorporated and regulated by the Charter;

"solicitor " means solicitor of the Supreme Court;

Part IV

—cont.

254

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—cont.

Saving for solicitors to public departments and City of London.

Repeals,

general

savings,

adaptations,

etc.

" solicitor in Scotland " means a person enrolled or deemed to have been enrolled as a solicitor in pursuance of the Solicitors (Scotland) Act, 1933;

" unqualified person " means a person not qualified under section one of this Act to act as a solicitor.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, references to the removal from the roll of a solicitor’s name shall be construed as references to the removal of a solicitor’s name at his own request, and references to striking off the roll the name of a solicitor shall be construed as references to striking that name off the roll otherwise than at the solicitor’s own request.

(3) Save where the context otherwise requires, references in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including any enactment contained in this Act.

87. —(1) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect any rights or privileges of the solicitor to die Treasury, any other public department, the Church Commissioners or the Duchy of Cornwall, or require any such officer as aforesaid or any clerk or officer appointed to act for him to be admitted or enrolled or to hold a practising certificate in any case where it would not have been necessary for him to be admitted or enrolled or to hold such a certificate if this Act had not been passed.

(2) Section twenty-eight, paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection

(1) of section twenty-nine and section eighty-five of this Act shall not apply to, and nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect any rights or privileges which immediately before the commencement of this Act attached to the office of, the Solicitor of the City of London.

88. —(1) The enactments mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Any instrument or other document whatsoever which was, or was treated as having been, made, issued, served or kept, and any other thing done, under or for the purposes of any enactment repealed by this Act shall be treated as having been made, issued, served, kept or done under or for the purposes of the corresponding provision of this Act; and, save where the context otherwise requires, any document referring, or to be construed as referring, to any enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) References in any other Act to solicitors, attorneys or proctors, or to the registrar of attorneys and solicitors or the registrar of solicitors, shall be construed as references to solicitors and to the Society respectively.

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27

255

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect the general application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with regard to the effect of repeals.

89.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Solicitors Act, 1957.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the Lord Chancellor may by order made by statutory instrument appoint, not being earlier than the day after the coming into operation of section two of the Solicitors (Amendment) Act, 1956.

(3) This Act, except subsections (2) and (3) of section five thereof, shall not extend to Scotland.

(4) This Act, except subsection (2) of section five thereof, shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Control of Property of a Solicitor in Certain Cases

1. The Council may require the production or delivery to any person appointed by the Council at a time and place to be fixed by the Council, and may take possession of, all deeds, wills, documents constituting or evidencing the title to any property, papers, books of account, records, vouchers and other documents in the possession or control of the solicitor or his firm, or relating to any trust of which he is a sole trustee or is co-trustee only with one or more of his partners, clerks or servants.

2. If any person having possession or control of any such documents fails to comply forthwith with any such requirement—

(a) he shall be guilty of an offence and be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds; and

(b) the High Court or a judge thereof may on the application of

the Council order that person to comply with the requirement within such time as may be specified in the order. 3 4 5

3. Upon taking possession of any such documents, the Council shall serve upon the solicitor and every person from whom those documents were received a notice giving particulars and the date of taking possession thereof.

4. Any requirement or notice under this Schedule shall be made in writing under the hand of such person as may be appointed by the Council for the purpose and may be served on any person either personally or by forwarding it by registered letter addressed to his last known place of business or residence.

5. Within fourteen days after the service of a notice under paragraph 3 of this Schedule, the solicitor or other person upon whom the notice was served may apply to a judge of the High Court in chambers for an order directing the Council to return those documents to the person from whom they were received by the Council or to such other person as the applicant may require, and on the hearing of any such application the judge may make such order with respect to the matter as he may think fit.

Part IV

—cont.

Short title, commencement and extent

Section 31.

256

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. 6. If no application is made under the last foregoing paragraph or —cont. if the judge to whom any such application is made directs that the documents shall remain in the custody or control of the Council, the Council may make inquiries to ascertain the person to whom those documents belong and may deal with those documents in accordance with the directions of that person.

7. The High Court or a judge thereof may, on the application of the Council, order that no payment shall be made without the leave of the High Court or a judge thereof by any banker named in the order out of any banking account in the name of the solicitor or his firm.

8. Any application to a judge of the High Court in chambers under paragraph 5 of this Schedule or to the High Court or a judge thereof under paragraph 2 or 7 of this Schedule shall be made in such form and heard in such manner as may be prescribed by rules of court:

Provided that any regulations made under paragraph 6 of the First Schedule to the Solicitors Act, 1941, as originally enacted, being regulations in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, shall continue to have effect for the purposes of this Schedule until revoked by rules of court made by virtue of this paragraph as if they were such rules of court.

9. The Council may make rules with respect to the procedure to be followed in giving effect to the provisions of paragraphs 1, 3, 4 and 6 of this Schedule and with respect to any matters incidental, ancillary or supplemental to those provisions.

Sections ll, 32 SECOND SCHEDULE

The Compensation Fund

1. The fund shall be maintained and administered by the Society and shall be held by the Society on trust for the purposes provided for in section thirty-two of this Act and this Schedule. 2

2. Every solicitor shall on each occasion on which a practising certificate is issued to him pay to the Society with the fee payable in respect of that certificate under section eleven of this Act a contribution (in this Schedule referred to as " the annual contribution ") of such sum not exceeding ten pounds as the Council may from time to time determine, and the Society shall pay that contribution into the fund:

Provided that—

(a) a solicitor shall not be required to pay the annual contribution

on the issue of the first three practising certificates issued to him after his admission; and

(b) on the issue of the fourth, fifth and sixth practising certificates

issued to him after his admission a solicitor shall be liable to pay only one half of the amount of the annual contribution.

1957 Solicitors , 1957 Ch. 27

3. The Society may invest in securities in which trustees are authorised by law to invest trust funds in their hands any moneys which form part of the fund and are not immediately required for any other purposes provided for by the said section thirty-two or this Schedule.

4. Subject to the provisions of section one of the Borrowing (Control and Guarantees) Act, 1946, and of any order for the time being in force thereunder, the Society may borrow for the purposes of the fund from any lender and may charge any investments of the fund by way of security for any such loan:

Provided that the aggregate sum owing at any one time in respect of such loans shall not exceed one hundred thousand pounds.

5. The Society may insure with any person authorised by law to carry on insurance business within the United Kingdom for such purposes and on such terms as the Council may deem expedient in relation to the fund.

6. There shall be carried to the credit of the fund—

(a) all annual contributions paid to the Society in pursuance of paragraph 2 of this Schedule;

(b) all interest, dividends and other income and accretions of capital arising from the investment of the fund or any part thereof;

(c) the proceeds of any realisation of any investments of the fund;

() all moneys borrowed for the purposes of the fund;

(e) all sums received by the Society under any insurance effected

by the Society under paragraph 5 of this Schedule;

(/) all sums received by the Society under subsection (4) of section thirty-two of this Act; and

(g) any other moneys which may belong or accrue to the fund or be received by the Society in respect thereof.

7. All moneys from time to time forming part of the fund and all

investments of the fund shall be applicable—

(a) for payment of any costs, charges and expenses of establishing,

maintaining, administering and applying the fund;

(b) for payment of any premiums on insurances effected by the Society under paragraph of this Schedule;

(c) for repayment of any moneys borrowed by the Society for the

purposes of the fund and for payment of interest on any moneys so borrowed;

() for payment of any grants which the Society may make under

section thirty-two of this Act;

(e) for payment of all costs, charges and expenses incurred by the

Society by virtue of subsection (1) of section thirty-one of this Act; and

(/) for payment of any other sums properly payable out of the fund by virtue of the said section thirty-two or this Schedule.

I

257

2nd Sch. —avi/.

258

Ch. 27

Solicitors , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 88.

THIRD SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

15 & 16 Geo. 5. The Supreme Court of Subsection (1) of section

c. 49. Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925. two hundred and fifteen.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. The Solicitors Act, 1932 ... The whole Act.

c. 37.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. The Solicitors Act, 1933 ... The whole Act.

c. 24.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 45. The Solicitors Act, 1934 ... In section one, subsection (1), in subsection (2) the words from "in sections forty-five " to " 1932 and ", and subsection (3); in section two, in subsection (1) the words from " as it applies to England " to " to Scotland " and subsection (2).

24 & 25 Geo. 5. The County Courts Act, Section one hundred and

c. 53. 1934. eighty-two from " and a " onwards; and section one hundred and eighty-four.

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. The Solicitors Act, 1936 ... The whole Act except section fourteen.

35.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 110. The Solicitors (Disciplinary Committee) Act, 1939. The whole Act.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. The Solicitors Act, 1941 ... The whole Act.

c. 46.

12, 13 & 14 The Solicitors, Public Subsections (2) and (4) of

Geo. 6.C.21. Notaries, &c.. Act, 1949. section one and the First Schedule.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101. The Justices of the Peace Act, 1949. Section seven.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. The Solicitors Act, 1950 ... The whole Act.

c.6.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The County Courts Act, Sub-paragraph (e) of para-

c. 8. 1955. graph 1 of the First Schedule.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Solicitors (Amendment) The whole Act except sub-

c. 41. Act, 1956. section (4) of section two and paragraph 5 of the First Schedule.

0

1957

Solicitors , 1957

Ch. 27, 28

259

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Leases Act, 1845

Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873

Interpretation Act, 1889

Lunacy Act, 1890

Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1890

Colonial Solicitors Act, 1900

Justices of the Peace Act, 1906

Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1913

Bankruptcy Act, 1914

Law of Property Act, 1922

Land Registration Act, 1925

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation)

Act, 1925

Rating and Valuation Act, 1925

Solicitors Act, 1932

Solicitors (Scotland) Act, 1933

Local Government Act, 1933

County Courts Act, 1934

Solicitors Act, 1941

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946

Borrowing (Control and Guarantees) Act, 1946

Criminal Justice Act, 1948

Legal Aid and Advice Act, 1949

Patents Act, 1949

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949

Arbitration Act, 1950

Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952

8 & 9 Vict c. 124.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 66.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 5.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 37.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 14.

6 Edw. 7. c. 16.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 16.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 59.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 16.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 21.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 90.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 37.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 21.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 53.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 46.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 58.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 51. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 87. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101.

14 Geo. 6. c. 27.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2.

c. 48.

Magistrates' Courts Act, 1952 ...

15 & 16 Geo. 6.&1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

Solicitors (Amendment) Act, 1956

... 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 41.

CHAPTER 28

Dentists , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OFfSECTIONS Part I

The General Dental Council

Section

1. Constitution and general duties of Council.

Part n The Dental Profession Qualification for registration

2. Qualification for registration in dentists register.

Qualifying examinations

3. Authority to hold examinations and grant licences.

4. Conduct of examinations for degrees and licences.

5. Granting of licences by Royal College of Surgeons of England.

6. Admission of candidates to examinations.

7. Supervision of examinations.

12

260

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Dental education

Section

8. Functions of Education Committee.

9. Attendance of visitors at dental schools.

10. Remedy where qualifying courses of study or examinations are

inadequate.

11. Candidates not to be required to adopt or reject particular theories of dentistry.

Registration of Commonwealth and foreign practitioners

12. Qualification for registration as a Commonwealth or foreign practitioner.

13. Temporary registration.

14. Meaning of " Commonwealth diploma " and " foreign diploma

Use by registered dentists of titles and descriptions

15. Use of titles and descriptions.

The dentists register and the procedure for registration

16. Manner of keeping the register.

17. Procedure for registration.

18. Power to make regulations with respect to the register.

19. Selection of proper abbreviations of diplomas granted in countries

overseas.

20. Publication of the register.

21. Erasure of names of deceased persons and of those who have ceased to

practise.

22. Erasure on grounds of fraud or error.

23. Alteration of names and addresses.

24. Transfer from Commonwealth or foreign list to main list.

Disciplinary cases

25. Erasure from register for crime or infamous conduct.

26. Committees of Council entrusted with disciplinary cases.

27. Proceedings in disciplinary cases.

28. Assessor in disciplinary cases.

29. Appeals in disciplinary cases.

30. Restoration of name erased in a disciplinary case.

31. Co-operation with Dental Board of Republic of Ireland.

Exemption from jury service and certain other duties

32. Exemption from jury service and certain other duties.

Part III

Restrictions on practice of Dentistry and on

CARRYING ON BUSINESS OF DENTISTRY The practice of dentistry

33. Definition of practice of dentistry.

34. Prohibition on practice of dentistry by laymen.

35. Prohibition on use of practitioners’ titles by laymen.

Restrictions on carrying on the business of dentistry

36. Definition of business of dentistry.

37. Restriction on individuals.

38. Restrictions on bodies corporate.

39. Bodies corporate entitled to carry on business of dentistry.

40. Withdrawal of privilege from body corporate.

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

261

Part IV Ancillary Dental Workers

Section

41. Power of Council to create classes of ancillary dental workers.

42. Restrictions on employment of ancillary dental workers.

43. Duty to make arrangements for experimental scheme.

44. Termination of experimental scheme.

45. Establishment of Ancillary Dental Workers Committee.

Part V Supplemental

46. Provisions as to proceedings before Disciplinary Committee.

47. Exercise of powers conferred on Privy Council.

48. Rules, regulations, orders and other instruments.

49. Transitional provisions as respects employees prejudiced by dissolution

of Dental Board.

50. Interpretation.

51. Repeal and savings.

52. Application to Northern Ireland.

53. Short title and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—The General Dental Council and its Committees. Second Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to dentists and other dental workers with corrections and improvements authorised under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949.

[6th June, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

Part I

The General Dental Council ,

1.—(1) There shall continue to be a body called the General Constitution Dental Council whose general concern it shall be to promote general high standards of professional education and professional council, conduct among dentists, and who shall in particular perform the functions assigned to them by this Act.

(2) Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the General Dental Council.

Part II The Dental Profession Qualification for registration

2.—(1) A person who is a graduate or licentiate in dentistry Qualification of one of the dental authorities shall be entitled to be registered for repstration in the dentists register in accordance with the provisions of this jester Act

262

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II

—cont.

Authority to hold examinations and grant licences.

Conduct examinations for degrees and licences.

(2) A degree or licence in dentistry granted by a dental authority shall not confer any right or title to be registered under the Medical Act, 1956, nor to assume any name, title or designation implying that the holder of the degree or licence is by law recognised as a practitioner or licentiate in medicine or general surgery.

(3) For the purposes of this Act the expression " dental authority" means any medical authority within the meaning of the following provisions of this section who grant diplomas in dentistry.

(4) For the purposes of this section the expression " medical authority " means, subject to the next following subsection, any of the universities or other bodies who choose appointed members of the General Medical Council.

(5) If a new university is at any time hereafter created in the Republic of Ireland and any of their examinations become qualifying examinations in medicine, surgery and midwifery for the purposes of the Medical Act, 1956, the expression " medical authority " in this Act shall include that university.

Qualifying examinations

3. —(1) Any medical authority within the meaning of the last foregoing section who have power for the time being to grant surgical degrees may, notwithstanding anything in any Act of Parliament, charter or other document, hold examinations in dentistry and grant licences certifying the fitness of the holders to practise dentistry; and the holders’ names shall be entered on a list of licentiates in dentistry to be kept by the medical authority.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall be without prejudice to any power to grant a degree or licence in dentistry which a medical authority may possess apart from the provisions of this Act 4 * *

4. —(1) For the purpose of any examinations to qualify for a degree or licence in dentistry held by—

(a) any university in England or Wales, Scotland or

Ireland,

(b) the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh,

(c) the Royal Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of

Glasgow, or

() the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland,

the Council or other governing body of the university, college or faculty may appoint a board of examiners.

(2) Each of the said boards shall be called the Board of Examiners in Dental Surgery or Dentistry, and shall consist of not less than six members, one half of whom at least shall be registered dentists, and nothing in any Act of Parliament,

1957

Dentists A, 1957

263

Ch. 28

charter or other document shall make it necessary for them to Part n possess any other qualification. —com.

(3) Persons appointed under this section shall continue in office for such period, and shall conduct the examinations in such manner, as the governing body appointing them may by byelaws or regulations respectively direct.

(4) A casual vacancy in any such board of examiners may be filled by the governing body which appointed die board and the person so appointed—

(a) shall be a registered dentist if the person in whose place

he is appointed was a registered dentist, and

(b) shall hold office for such time only as that other person would have held office.

(5) Such reasonable fees shall be paid for a degree or licence awarded after examination by a board of examiners under this section as the governing body by whom they were appointed may by byelaws or regulations direot and the degrees or licences awarded after examination by the board of examiners shall be in such form as that governing body may so direct.

(6) All byelaws and regulations made by a dental authority under the authority of this section, and any further byelaws or regulations altering or revoking them, shall be made in such manner, and subject to such approval or confirmation, if any. as in the case of other byelaws or regulations made by that dental authority.

5. The Royal College of Surgeons of England shall continue Granting of to hold examinations, and to appoint a board of examiners in licences dentistry, and to grant licences certifying the fitness of the

holders to practise, subject to and in accordance with the pro- surgeons visions of their charter dated the eighth day of September, of England, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, and the byelaws made in pursuance of that charter; and the name of the holder of any licence so granted shall be entered on a list of licentiates in dentistry to be kept by the said college.

6. A dental authority shall admit to the examinations held Admission of by them to qualify for a degree or licence in dentistry any person candidates to desirous of being examined who has attained the age of twenty-c ons* one years, and has complied with the regulations in force (if

any) as to education laid down by the dental authority. 7

7. —(l) Every dental authority shall from time to time when Supervision of required by the General Dental Council furnish them with such examinations, information as the Council may require as to the course of

itudy and examinations to be gone through in order to obtain a degree or licence in dentistry and generally as to the conditions laid down for obtaining such a degree or licence.

264

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II (2) Any member of the General Dental Council or any person —cont. appointed by the Council may be present at any such examinations and die General Dental Council shall have power to remunerate members of the Council, as well as non-members, for being present at the examinations.

Functions of

Education

Committee.

Dental education

8. The General Dental Council shall refer to their Education Committee for advice on all matters relating to dental education and examinations and that Committee shall be constituted in accordance with paragraph 10 of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act.

Attendance of 9.—(1) The General Dental Council may appoint persons to

|jsit®Fs . visit, subject to any directions which the Privy Council may en sc oo s. ^eem it expedient to give and to compliance with any conditions specified in those directions, places where instruction is given to dental students under the direction of a dental authority.

(2) It shall be the duty of visitors appointed under this section to report to the General Dental Council as to the sufficiency of the instruction given in the places which they visit and as to any other matters relating to the instruction which may be specified by the Council either generally or in any particular case; but no visitor shall interfere with the giving of any instruction.

(3) On the receipt of a report of a visitor under this section, the Council shall send a copy of the report to the dental authority in question, and on the receipt of the copy a dental authority may, within such period (not being less than one month) as the Council may have specified at the time they sent the copy of the report, make to the Council observations on the report or objections thereto.

(4) As soon as may be after the expiration of the period specified under the last foregoing subsection the Council shall send a copy of any such report as is therein referred to and of any observations thereon or objections thereto duly made, together with the Council’s comments on the report and on any such observations and objections, to the Privy Council.

(5) The Council shall have power to remunerate members of the Council, as well as non-members, for acting as visitors under this section and the remuneration shall be at such rates as the Privy Council may approve.

Remedy where 10.—(1) Where it appears to the General Dental Council that

qualifying the course of study and examinations to qualify for a degree or licence in dentistry granted by a dental authority are not such examinations as to secure the possession by the graduates or licentiates of the are inadequate, requisite knowledge and skill for the efficient practice of dentistry.

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

265

the General Dental Council may make a representation to that Part D effect to the Privy Council and on any such representation the —com.

Privy Council may, if they think fit, order that any degree or licence in dentistry granted by the dental authority after a time specified in the order shall not confer any right to be registered under this Act

(2) If an order is made under this section, no person shall be entitled to be registered under this Act in respect of a degree or licence in dentistry granted by the dental authority after the time mentioned in the order.

(3) The Privy Council may, if it appears to them on a further representation from the General Dental Council or otherwise that the dental authority in question has made effectual provision to the satisfaction of the General Dental Council for the improvement of the course of study or examinations, revoke an order made under this section, but the revocation shall not entitle a person to be registered in respect of a degree or licence in dentistry granted before the revocation.

(4) Any order of the Privy Council under this section may be made conditionally or unconditionally, and may contain such terms and directions as appear to the Privy Council to be just.

11. —(1) If it appears to the General Dental Council that a Candidates dental authority has attempted to impose on any candidate not offering himself for examination an obligation to adopt, or to or reject refrain from adopting, the practice of any particular theory of particular dentistry as a test or condition of admitting him to examination theories of

or of granting a degree or licence in dentistry, the General dentistry. Dental Council may make a representation to that effect to the Privy Council.

(2) On any such representation the Privy Council may direct the authority to desist from attempting to impose any such obligation and if the authority does not comply with the direction the Privy Council may order that the authority shall cease to have power to grant degrees or licences in dentistry so long as they continue to attempt to impose any such obligation.

(3) Any order of the Privy Council under this section may be made conditionally or unconditionally, and may contain such terms and directions as appear to the Privy Council to be just.

Registration of Commonwealth and foreign practitioners

12. —(1) A person who shows to the satisfaction of the Qualification

registrar_ for registration

as a Common-

fa) that he is of good character, wealth or

(b) that he holds h Commonwealth or a foreign diploma, for®!£1.

practitioner.

I*

266

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part n —cont.

Temporary

registration.

(c) that he has satisfied the General Dental Council that he has the requisite knowledge and skill,

shall be entitled to be registered in the dentists register in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(2) Except in a case falling within the next following subsection, the Council shall for the purpose of satisfying themselves that a person has the requisite knowledge and skill, and in addition to such other requirements as they may impose on him, require him to sit for examinations held by a dental authority, or a group of dental authorities, under arrangements made by the Council.

(3) If the diploma held by the said person is of a kind recognised for the time being by the Council as furnishing such guarantees of that person's possessing the requisite knowledge and skill as warrant dispensing with further inquiry, that person shall be taken to have satisfied the Council that he has the requisite knowledge and skill.

(4) The Council may make regulations as to the examinations to be held for the purposes of this section and may include in the regulations provisions for withdrawing the right to sit for any such examinations from a person who has not first paid the fee prescribed by the regulations for sitting for the examinations or from a person who has previously failed to pass such examinations on such number of occasions as may be prescribed by the regulations.

Regulations under this subsection shall not come into force until approved by order of the Privy Council.

(5) The Council may direct that for the purposes of this section a particular person who has passed the examinations required to obtain a foreign diploma shall be treated as a person holding a foreign diploma.

13.—(1) Where the General Dental Council, with a view to permitting any person holding a Commonwealth or foreign diploma temporarily to practise dentistry in a hospital or other institution, give a direction that he be registered as respects practice in that hospital or institution for such a period as may be specified in the direction, that person shall, without showing that any requirements under the last foregoing section are fulfilled in his case, be entitled to be registered in the dentists register in accordance with the provisions of this Act subject to the entry against his name of the restrictions specified in the direction.

(2) Registration under this section shall not make it lawful for a person to practise dentistry otherwise than subject to the said restrictions nor constitute him a registered dentist for the wiraoses of the First Schedule to this Act.

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

267

(3) The Council may direct that for the purposes of this Part n section a particular person who has passed the examinations required to obtain a foreign diploma shall be treated as a person holding a foreign diploma.

14. In this Act " Commonwealth or foreign diploma " means Meaning of a diploma granted in a country overseas and recognised for the time being by the General Dental Council for the purposes diploma " of this Act, and the diploma shall be a Commonwealth or a and " foreign foreign diploma according as the country in which it is granted diploma is or is not within the Commonwealth.

Use by registered dentists of titles and descriptions

15.—(1) A registered dentist shall by virtue of being regis- Use of titles tered be entitled to take and use the description of dentist, dental . .. surgeon or dental practitioner. descnpuom.

(2) A registered dentist shall not take or use or affix to or use in connection with his premises any title or description reasonably calculated to suggest that he possesses any professional status or qualification other than a professional status or qualification which he in fact possesses and which is indicated by particulars entered in the register in respect of him and a person contravening this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) If the General Dental Council are of opinion that any special branch of dentistry has become so distinctive that it would be for the convenience of the public or of the dental profession that registered dentists qualified to practise, or practising, in that branch of dentistry should use a distinctive title, they may by regulations prescribe appropriate titles and conditions under which they may be used; and the use of a prescribed title under the prescribed conditions shall not constitute a contravention of the last foregoing subsection.

(4) If an abbreviated form of a diploma granted in a country overseas is under section nineteen of this Act entered against a person’s name in the dentists register, that person shall not take or use, or affix to or use in connection with his premises, any other abbreviation of that diploma and a person contravening this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

The dentists register and the procedure for registration

16.—(l) There shall continue to be a register known as the Manner of dentists register which shall contain three separate alphabetical keeping the lists— reg,ster-

(a) one of persons registered as graduates or licentiates of a dental authority.

I. 2

268

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part n

—com.

Procedure for registration.

(b) one, to be called the Commonwealth list, of persons

registered as holding some Commonwealth diploma,

(c) one, to be called the foreign list, of persons registered

as holding some foreign diploma.

(2) The register shall be kept by a registrar who shall perform such duties in connection with the dentists register as the General Dental Council may direct and in the execution of his duties he shall act on such evidence as in each case appears sufficient

(3) The register shall be deemed to be in proper custody when in the custody of the registrar, and shall be of such a public nature as to be admissible as evidence of all matters therein on its mere production from that custody.

(4) A certificate purporting to be a certificate under the hand of the registrar stating that any person is, or was at any date, or is not, or was not at any date, duly registered in the register or stating that any particulars are, or were at any date, or are not, or were not at any date, contained in the register with respect to any person, shall be prima facie evidence in all courts of law of the facts stated in the certificate.

(5) Any appointment to the office of registrar shall be made by the General Dental Council and any person appointed shall hold office for such period and shall receive such salary as may be fixed by the Council.

(6) The General Dental Council may appoint a person to act as assistant registrar who shall be paid such salary or remuneration as the Council may from time to time determine.

(7) A registrar who wilfully makes, or causes to be made, any falsification in a matter relating to the dentists register shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and on conviction thereof shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months.

17.—(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of this section and of section thirteen of this Act, any right to registration shall be conditional on the making of an application supported by such evidence as is required by subsection (2) of this section.

(2) A person applying to be registered shall produce or sena to the registrar the document conferring or evidencing his licence or other qualification with a statement of his name and address and the other particulars, if any, required for registration. 3

(3) Any dental authority may from time to time transmit to the registrar certified lists of the persons who are graduates or licentiates of that body in dentistry, stating the qualifications and places of residence of the persons included in the lists and the registrar on receipt of any such lists shall duly register those persons.

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

269

18. —(1) The General Dental Council may make regulations Part II

with respect to the form and keeping of the register and the —com. making of entries and erasures therein and, in particular— Power to make

(a) prescribing a fee to be .charged on the entry of a name to

in the register or on the restoration of any entry to the register register,

(b) prescribing a fee to be charged in respect of the retention

in the register of the name of a person first registered after the twenty-eighth day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-one, in any year subsequent to the year in which that person was first registered,

(c) providing for the registration in and removal from the

register of additional diplomas of prescribed kinds held by a registered dentist and prescribing a fee to be charged in respect of the registration,

() authorising the registrar notwithstanding anything in

this Act to refuse to make in or restore to the register any entry until a fee prescribed by regulations under this section has been paid.

(2) Regulations under this section may authorise the registrar to erase from the register the name of a person who, after such notices and warnings as may be prescribed by the regulations, fails to pay a fee prescribed under paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection and, where a person’s name is so erased, that name may be restored to the register on that person’s application.

(3) Regulations under this section prescribing fees may provide for the charging of different fees in different classes of cases.

(4) Regulations under this section shall provide that persons registered in the Commonwealth list or the foreign list under section thirteen of this Act shall appear in a separate sub-division of the list in question.

(5) Regulations under this section prescribing fees or authorising the registrar to erase a person’s name for nonpayment of a fee shall not come into force until approved by order of the Privy Council; and the Privy Council shall not approve any regulations under this section prescribing a fee of an amount exceeding five pounds unless in their opinion a fee of that amount is justified by changes in circumstances which have taken place since the passing of the Dentists Act, 1956. 19

19. Where a person’s name is entered in the Commonwealth Selection list or the foreign list, or an additional diploma granted in a of proper country overseas is entered against a person’s name in any part of dSmas8 of the register, the registrar shall enter the diploma by virtue granted in

of which that person is registered or, as the case may be, the countries additional diploma in such abbreviated form as the registrar overseas.

270

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II

—cont.

Publication of the register.

Erasure of names of deceased persons and of those who have ceased to practise.

Erasure on grounds of fraud or error.

after consultation with the President of the General Dental Council may select as being convenient but not capable of being mistaken for the abbreviated form of any other diploma.

20. —(1) The General Dental Council shall cause a correct copy of the register to be at least once a year printed under their direction, published and sold, and subject to the provisions of this section such a copy shall be admissible in evidence.

(2) Regulations under section eighteen of this Act may provide for the inclusion in such a copy of the register of honours or distinctions accorded to a person in the register but it shall not be admissible as evidence of those honours or distinctions and regulations so made shall require an indication to be given in the copy of the register that the honours or distinctions do not form part of the register itself.

21. —(1) The registrar shall erase from the register the name of every deceased person and on registering die death of a registered dentist a registrar of births and deaths shall, without charge to the recipient, send forthwith by post to the registrar of the dentists register a copy certified under his hand of the entry in the register of deaths relating to the death.

(2) If a registered dentist has ceased to practise, the registrar may with his consent erase his name from the register.

(3) The registrar may send by post to a registered dentist a notice inquiring whether he has ceased to practise or has changed his residence and if no answer is received to the inquiry within six months from the posting of the notice, he may erase the dentist’s name from the register.

(4) Where a person’s name has been erased from the register under the last foregoing subsection or at his request, the name may be restored to the register on his application unless the original entry of his name was incorrectly or fraudulently made.

22. —(1) It shall be the duty of the General Dental Council to cause to be erased from the register any entry which has been incorrectly or fraudulently made but where a question arises whether an entry is fraudulent it shall be referred to and determined by the Disciplinary Committee.

(2) Where a person’s name has been erased on the ground that it was entered fraudulently that name shall not again be entered in the register except on an application in that behalf to the General Dental Council and on any such application the General Dental Council may. if they think fit, direct that the person shall not be registered, or shall not be registered until the expiration of such period as may be specified in the direction.

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

271

(3) The General Dental Council shall refer any application Part n

under the last foregoing subsection to the Disciplinary Com- —com.

mittee for determination by them.

23. The registrar shall from time to time insert in the register Alteration of any alteration which may come to his knowledge in the name or

address of any registered person. a

24. —(1) If the registrar learns that a person registered in the Transfer from Commonwealth or foreign list is entitled to be registered as being

a graduate or licentiate of a dental authority he shall serve a foreign to

notice on that person informing him that upon the expiration main list.

of a period specified in the notice (being a period of not less

than three months from the time of the notice) he proposes to

strike that person's name out of the Commonwealth or, as the

case may be, the foreign list and also informing that person of

his right to be registered as a graduate or licentiate.

(2) On the expiration of the said period, the registrar shall strike that person’s name out of the Commonwealth or foreign list in accordance with the notice and shall register that person in the list of dentists registered as being such graduates or licentiates as aforesaid with the entries appearing against his name in the other list when the name was struck out.

(3) Regulations under this Act relating to the register shall not be made so as to require the payment of a fee for the making of an entry under this section.

(4) A notice to be served under this section may be served by post in a registered letter addressed to the dentist at his address in the register, or at his last known address if that address differs from his address in the register and it appears to the registrar that jmch service will be more effective.

Disciplinary cases

25*—(1) A registered dentist who either before or after Erasure from registration— register for

(a) has been convicted either in Her Majesty’s dominions Sfemous or elsewhere of an offence which, if committed in conduct. England, would be a felony or misdemeanour, or

(b) has been guilty of any infamous or disgraceful conduct in a professional respect,

shall be liable to have his name erased from the register.

(2) A person’s name shall not be erased under this section—

(a) on account of conviction for an offence which does not, either from the trivial nature of the offence or from the circumstances under which it was committed, disqualify a person for practising dentistry, or

272

Ch. 28

Dentists Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part n

—COYit*

Committees of Council entrusted with disciplinary cases.

(b) on account of a conviction for a political offence outside the British Isles and the Commonwealth, or

(c) on account of his adopting or refraining from adopting

any particular theory of dentistry.

(3) In an inquiry under this Act whether a person has been guilty of any infamous or disgraceful conduct in a professional respect, a finding of fact which is shown to have been made in any matrimonial proceedings in the United Kingdom or the Republic of Ireland, being proceedings in the High Court or the Court of Session or on appeal from a decision in such proceedings, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact found.

(4) Where a dental authority in exercise of a power conferred by law strike the name of a person who is a registered dentist off a list of their graduates or licentiates in dentistry and notify to the General Dental Council the fact of the striking off—

(a) the registrar shall make a note of the fact in the register,

and

(b) if the dental authority notify to the Council the

findings of fact on which the decision to strike off the name was based, then for the purpose of any such inquiry as is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section the findings may, if the body holding the inquiry think fit, be treated as conclusive of the facts found.

(5) Any case of a person alleged to be liable to have his name erased from the register under this section is hereafter in this Act referred to as a " disciplinary case

26.—(1) There shall continue to be committees of the General Dental Council known as the Preliminary Proceedings Committee and the Disciplinary Committee which shall be respectively constituted in accordance with paragraph 11 and paragraph 12 of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) It shall be the function of the Preliminary Proceedings Committee to decide whether a disciplinary case ought to be referred to the Disciplinary Committee to be dealt with by them in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(3) If after the Preliminary Proceedings Committee have referred a disciplinary case to the Disciplinary Committee, but before the Disciplinary Committee have opened their inquiry into the case, it appears to the Disciplinary Committee that the question whether an inquiry should be held needs further consideration, they may refer the disciplinary case back to the Preliminary Proceedings Committee for consideration of that question but, subject to that, it shall be the duty of the Disciplinary Committee to hold an inquiry into any disciplinary case referred to them under this section and the Disciplinary

1957

Dentists Act, 1957

Ch. 28

273

Committee, if satisfied as to the facts rendering the person in question liable to have his name erased, may determine that the name of that person shall be erased from the register.

(4) Where the Disciplinary Committee determine that a person’s name shall be erased from the register, the registrar shall serve on him a notification of the determination of the Committee which notification may be served by post in a registered letter addressed to that person at his address in the register, or at his last known address if that address differs from his address in the register and it appears to the registrar that such service will be more effective.

27*—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the General Dental Council shall make rules as to the procedure to be followed and rules of evidence to be observed in proceedings before the Disciplinary Committee under the last foregoing section and in particular—

(a) for securing that notice that the proceedings are to be

brought shall be given, at such time and in such manner as may be specified in the rules, to the person to whose registration the proceedings relate;

(b) for securing that any party to the proceedings shall, if

he so requires, be entitled to be heard by the Committee;

(c) for enabling any party to the proceedings to be repre-

sented by counsel or solicitor, or (if the rules so provide and the party so elects) by a person of such other description as may be specified in the rules;

(d) for requiring proceedings before the Committee to be held in public except in so far as may be provided by the rules;

(e) for requiring, in cases where it is alleged that a registered dentist has been guilty of infamous or disgraceful conduct in a professional respect, that where the Committee judge that the allegation has not been proved they shall record a finding that the dentist is not guilty of such conduct in respect of the matters to which the allegation relates.

(2) Before making rules under this section the Council shall consult such bodies of persons representing dentists as appear to the Council requisite to be consulted.

(3) Rules under this section shall not come into force until approved by order of the Privy Council contained in a statutory instrument, and the Privy Council may approve such rules either as submitted to them or subject to such modifications as appear to them requisite:

Provided that where the Privy Council propose to approve any rules subject to modifications they shall notify to the General

Part n

—cont.

Proceedings in disciplinary cases.

274

Part II —cont.

Assessor in disciplinary cases.

Appeals in

disciplinary

cases.

Ch. 28 Dentists A, 1957 5 & 6 ELiz. 2

Dental Council the modifications they propose to make and consider any observations of the General Dental Council thereon.

28. —(1) For the purpose of advising the Disciplinary Committee on questions of law arising in proceedings before them in disciplinary cases there shall in all such proceedings be an assessor to the Committee who shall be a barrister, advocate or solicitor of not less than ten years standing.

(2) The power of appointing assessors under this section shall be exercisable by the General Dental Council but if no assessor appointed by them is available to act at any particular proceedings the Disciplinary Committee may appoint an assessor under this section to act at those proceedings.

(3) The Lord Chancellor may by statutory instrument make rules as to the functions of assessors appointed under this section, and, in particular, rules under this subsection may contain such provisions for securing—

(a) that where an assessor advises the Committee on any

question of law as to evidence, procedure or any other matters specified in the rules, he shall do so in the presence of every party, or person representing a party, to the proceedings who appears thereat or, if the advice is tendered after the Committee have begun to deliberate as to their findings, that every such party or person as aforesaid shall be informed what advice the assessor has tendered;

(b) that every such party or person as aforesaid shall be

informed if in any case the Committee do not accept the advice of the assessor on any such question as aforesaid,

and such incidental and supplementary provisions, as appear to the Lord Chancellor expedient.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this section, an assessor under this section may be appointed either generally or for any particular proceedings or class of proceedings, and shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of the instrument under which he is appointed.

(5) Any remuneration paid by the General Dental Council to persons appointed to act as assessors shall be at such rates as the Privy Council may approve.

29. —(1) At any time within twenty-eight days from the service of a notification that the Disciplinary Committee have determined under the foregoing provisions of this Act that the name of a person shall be erased from the register, that person may, in accordance with such rules as Her Majesty in Council may by Order provide for the purposes of this section, appeal

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

to Her Majesty in Council; and the Judicial Committee Act, 1833, shall apply in relation to the Disciplinary Committee as it applies to such courts as are mentioned in section three of that Act (which provides for the reference to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council of appeals to Her Majesty in Council).

(2) The General Dental Council may appear as respondent on any such appeal; and for the purpose of enabling directions to be given as to the costs of any such appeal the Council shall be deemed to be a party thereto, whether they appear on the hearing of the appeal or not.

(3) Where no appeal is brought against the determination or where such an appeal is brought but withdrawn or struck out for want of prosecution, the determination shall take effect on the expiration of the time for appealing, or, as the case may be, on the withdrawal or striking out of the appeal.

(4) Subject as aforesaid, where an appeal is brought against the determination the determination shall take effect if and when the appeal is dismissed and not otherwise.

30. —(1) Where a person’s name has been erased from the register in consequence of a decision in a disciplinary case, the name of that person shall not again be entered in the register except by direction of the General Dental Council, but the Council may direct that the name of that person shall be restored to the register:

Provided that an application for the restoration of a name to the register shall not be made to the Council—

(a) within ten months from the date of erasure; or ib) within ten months from a previous application.

(2) The General Dental Council shall refer any application under this section to the Disciplinary Committee for determination by them.

31. —(1) With a view to preventing the holding of simultaneous inquiries—

(a) the General Dental Council shall report to the Dental

Board of the Republic of Ireland every case in which it is proposed, in connection with the exercise of the disciplinary powers of the Council or of the Council’s committees, to hold an inquiry into the conduct in the United Kingdom of a person registered in the dental register of the Republic of Ireland;

(b) where the General Dental Council receives a report

from the Dental Board of the Republic of Ireland as to a proposal to hold an inquiry in connection with the exercise of the disciplinary powers of that Board,

275

Part D

—cont.

Restoration of name erased in a disciplinary case.

Co-operation with Dental Board of Republic of Ireland.

276

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II

—cont.

Exemption from jury service and certain other duties.

Definition of practice of dentistry.

the Council and the Council’s committees shall have regard to the desirability of postponing inquiry by them into the matter to which the report relates until the inquiry by the Dental Board of the Republic of Ireland is completed.

(2) The General Dental Council shall report to the Dental Board of the Republic of Ireland every case in which disciplinary action resulting in erasure from the register is taken against a person registered in the dental register of the Republic of Ireland.

Exemption from fury service and certain other duties

32*—(1) A registered dentist shall, if he so wishes, be exempt from serving on all juries and inquests whatsoever, and from serving in any corporate, parochial, ward, hundred or township office and the name of such a person shall not be returned in any list of persons liable to serve in any such office as aforesaid.

(2) Nothing in this section shall affect subsection (1) of section two of the Juries Act, 1922 (which provides that persons named in the jurors book shall be liable to serve as jurors notwithstanding that they might have claimed exemption).

Part III

Restrictions on practice of Dentistry and on carrying on business of Dentistry

The practice of dentistry

33.—(1) For the purposes of this Act, the practice of dentistry shall be deemed to include the performance of any such operation and the giving of any such treatment, advice or attendance as is usually performed or given by dentists, and any person who performs any operation or gives any treatment, advice or attendance on or to any person as preparatory to or for the purpose of or in connection with the fitting, insertion or fixing of dentures, artificial teeth or other dental appliances shall be deemed to have practised dentistry within the meaning of this Act.

(2) Dental work shall not be treated for the purposes of this Act as amounting to the practice of dentistry if it is undertaken—

(a) by a person recognised by a dental authority as a student of dentistry, or by a person recognised by a medical authority as a medical student, as part of a course of instruction approved by that authority for students of that kind, or as part of an examination so approved, or

(b) by any person as part of a course of instruction which

he is following in order to qualify for membership of

v^»

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

277

a class of ancillary dental workers or as part of Part in examinations which must be passed in order to qualify —cent. for membership of a class of ancillary dental workers,

but subject to the foregoing provisions of this subsection a person who undertakes dental work in the course of his studies shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as practising dentistry if he would have been treated for those purposes as practising dentistry if he had undertaken that work in the course of earning his livelihood.

(3) In this section the expression " medical authority " means one of the universities and other bodies who choose appointed members of the General Medical Council.

34.—(1) A person who is not a registered dentist or a regis- Prohibition tered medical practitioner shall not practise or hold himself out, on practice whether directly or by implication, as practising or as being dentistry prepared to practise dentistry and a person who acts in con- by ,aymcn* travention of this subsection shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding

five hundred pounds, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(2) Nothing in this section shall operate to prevent—

(a) the extraction of a tooth by a duly registered pharma-

ceutical chemist where the case is urgent and no registered medical practitioner or registered dentist is available and the operation is performed without the application of any general or local anaesthetic, or

(b) the performance in any public dental service of minor

dental work by any person under the personal supervision of a registered dentist and in accordance with conditions approved by the Minister of Health after consultation with the General Dental Council or (in the case of conditions laid down before the setting up of the General Dental Council) with the Dental Board.

(3) Summary proceedings for an offence under this section may, notwithstanding anything in section one hundred and four of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, or any corresponding enactment forming part of the law of Scotland or Northern Ireland be instituted at any time within one year from the commission of the offence.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland a reference to the Secretary of State shall be substituted for the reference to the Minister of Health and in the application of this section to Northern Ireland a reference to the Ministry of Health and Local Government in Northern Ireland shall be substituted for

278

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 E. 2

Part m

—con/.

Prohibition on use of practitioners* tides by laymen.

Definition of business of dentistry.

Restriction on individuals.

the like reference and the reference to a registered chemist shall include a reference to a registered druggist and to a licentiate apothecary.

35. —(1) A person who is not a registered dentist or a registered medical practitioner shall not take or use the title of dentist, dental surgeon or dental practitioner, either alone or in combination with any other word, and no person shall take or use any title or description implying that he is a registered dentist unless he is a registered dentist.

(2) A person who acts in contravention of the provisions of this section shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding five

hundred pounds, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds.

Restrictions on carrying on the business of dentistry

36. —(1) For the purposes of this Act a person shall be treated as carrying on the business of dentistry if, and only if, he or a partnership of which he is a member receives payment for services rendered in the course of the practice of dentistry by him or by a partner of his, or by an employee of his or of all or any of the partners.

(2) Notwithstanding the foregoing subsection neither the receipt of payments—

(a) by an authority providing national and local authority

health services, or

(b) by a person providing dental treatment for his employees

without a view to profit, or

(c) by a person providing dental treatment without a view

to profit under conditions approved by the Minister of

Health or the Secretary of State or the Ministry of

Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland, nor the receipt of payment in respect of any such operation as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section thirty-four of this Act shall constitute the carrying on of the business of dentistry for the said purposes.

37. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, an individual who is not a registered dentist or a registered medical practitioner shall not carry on the business of dentistry unless he was engaged in carrying on the business of dentistry on the twenty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, and an individual who contravenes this section shall be liable—

(a) on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding five

hundred pounds, and

(b) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds.

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

279

(2) Where a registered dentist or registered medical practi- Part HI tioner who died on or after the fourth day of July, nineteen —com. hundred and fifty-six, was at his death carrying on a business or

practice constituting the business of dentistry, this section shall not operate to prevent his personal representatives or his widow or any of his children, or trustees on behalf of his widow or any of his children, from carrying on the business of dentistry in continuance of that business or practice during the three years beginning with his death.

(3) Where a registered dentist or a registered medical practitioner who died before the fourth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, was at his death carrying on a business or practice constituting the business of dentistry, this section shall not operate to prevent—

(a) his personal representatives or any of his children or

trustees on behalf of any of his children from carrying on the business of dentistry in continuance of that business or practice at any time before the fourth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine, or

(b) his widow or trustees on behalf of his widow from

carrying on the business of dentistry in continuance of that business or practice at any time during her life.

(4) Where a registered dentist or registered medical practitioner becomes bankrupt at a time when he is carrying on a business or practice constituting the business of dentistry, this section shall not operate to prevent his trustee in bankruptcy or, in Northern Ireland, the official assignee, from carrying on the business of dentistry in continuance of that business or practice during the three years beginning with the bankruptcy or, if he became bankrupt before the fourth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, at any time before the fourth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine.

38. —(1) It shall be unlawful for a body corporate, other than Restrictions one exempted under the next following section, to carry on the on bodies business of dentistry and a body contravening this section shall corporate, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(2) Where a body corporate is convicted of an offence under this section, every director and manager thereof shall, unless he proves that the offence was committed without his knowledge, be guilty of the like offence.

39. —(1) A body corporate may, subject to the following pro- Bodies

visions of this Act, carry on the business of dentistry— corporate

(a) if it was carrying on the business of dentistry on the ^yConto twenty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-business of five, and dentistry.

280

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part Ul

—cont.

Withdrawal of privilege from body corporate.

(6) if it carries on no business other than dentistry or some business ancillary to the business of dentistry, and

(c) if a majority of the directors are registered dentists, and

() if all its operating staff are either registered dentists or

ancillary dental workers:

Provided that paragraph (a) of this subsection shall not apply—

(i) to a society registered under the Industrial and Provident

Societies Acts, 1893 to 1954, or the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts (Northern Ireland), 1893 to 1955, or

(ii) to a body corporate coming into existence on the recon-

struction of a body corporate carrying on business on the said day or on the amalgamation of two or more such bodies.

(2) Paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection shall not apply to a body corporate which was carrying on the business of dentistry before the twenty-eighth day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-one, so as to prevent it from carrying on any business which that body was at that date lawfully entitled to carry on.

(3) Every body corporate carrying on the business of dentistry shall in every year transmit to the registrar a statement in the prescribed form containing the names and addresses of all persons who are its directors or managers or who perform dental operations in connection with its business and if any such body corporate fails to do so, it shall be deemed to be carrying on the business of dentistry in contravention of the provisions of the last foregoing section.

(4) Nothing in this section shall prevent a body corporate from carrying on the business of dentistry in the circumstances mentioned in subsections (2), (3) and (4) of section thirty-seven of this Act, and the last foregoing subsection shall not apply in those circumstances.

(5) In this section " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the General Dental Council.

40.—(1) Whereto) a body corporate is convicted of an offence under section thirty-eight of this Act, or

(b) the name of a director of a body corporate is erased

from the register under section twenty-five of this Act, or

(c) a director of a body corporate is convicted under section

thirty-four or section thirty-seven of this Act,

the Disciplinary Committee may direct that the exemption conferred by the last foregoing section shall cease to extend to

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

281

that body corporate as from such date as the Committee may specify:

Provided that the Committee shall not take a case into consideration while proceedings by way of appeal are pending which may result in this subsection being rendered inapplicable in that case nor during the period within which any such proceedings as aforesaid may be brought.

(2) Where—

(a) the name of a member of the operating staff of a body

corporate is erased from the register under section twenty-five of this Act, and

(b) in the opinion of the Disciplinary Committee the act

or omission constituting the offence or infamous or disgraceful conduct on account of which his name was erased was instigated or connived at by a director of the body corporate, or, if the act or omission was a continuing act or omission, a director of the body corporate had, or reasonably ought to have had, knowledge of the continuance thereof,

the Committee may direct that the exemption conferred by the last foregoing section shall cease to extend to that body corporate as from such date as the Committee may specify:

Provided that the Committee shall not take a case into consideration while proceedings by way of appeal are pending which may result in this subsection being rendered inapplicable in that case nor during the period in which any such proceedings as aforesaid may be brought. 3

(3) Where the Disciplinary Committee determine under either of the foregoing subsections that the exemption conferred by the last foregoing section shall cease to extend to a body corporate, the Committee shall notify the body corporate of their determination and the body corporate may, within twenty-eight days of the notification, in accordance with such rules as Her Majesty in Council may by Order provide for the purposes of this section, appeal to Her Majesty in Council—

(a) in the case of a determination under subsection (1) of

this section on the ground that, notwithstanding the conviction or, as the case may be, the erasure of the name, the Disciplinary Committee’s decision was unjustified; and

(b) in die case of a determination under subsection (2) of

this section, on the ground that the opinion of the Disciplinary Committee as to the matters referred to in paragraph (b) of the said subsection (2) was incorrect or that, although that opinion was correct, the Committee’s decision was unjustified.

Part in

—cont.

282

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 E2

Part III

—cont.

Power of Council to create classes of ancillary dental workers

(4) The provisions of section twenty-nine of this Act shall apply for the purposes of the last foregoing subsection as they apply in relation to an appeal under that section.

(5) A body corporate shall not be liable under this section to be deprived of the right to carry on the business of dentistry in consequence of the erasure of the name of a director or member of the operating staff or in consequence of a conviction of the body corporate or of a director if die erasure or conviction took place before the fourth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-six.

Part IV Ancillary Dental Workers

41.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, the General Dental Council may by statutory instrument make regulations for the establishment of classes of ancillary dental workers to undertake dental work of kinds prescribed by the regulations, being dental work amounting to the practice of dentistry (as defined in this Act).

(2) Regulations under this section may in particular make provision as respects any class so established—

(a) for prescribing the qualifications for becoming a mem-

ber of that class;

(b) for prescribing the dental work which a member of that

class may undertake and the conditions, if any, under which he may undertake it;

(c) for the establishment of a roll or record for that class.

(3) The regulations shall be so framed as to secure that provisions in the regulations as to the arrangements to be made for training persons to become members of a class of ancillary dental workers do not materially impair the facilities for the training of dental students.

(4) Regulations under this section may authorise members of a class of ancillary dental workers established by the regulations to use a title indicating their membership, and a person who wilfully uses that title when he is not authorised under the regulations to use that title shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(5) If a member of a class of ancillary dental workers uses any title or description reasonably calculated to suggest that he possesses any status or qualification connected with dentistry other than a status or qualification which he in fact possesses and which is indicated by particulars entered in the roll or record of the class in respect of him, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds:

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

283

Provided that where the regulations do not provide for a roll Part IV or record of the class in which particulars of status and qualifica- —com. tions may be entered, this subsection shall have effect as if the words " and which is indicated by particulars entered in the roll or record of the class in respect of him " were omitted.

(6) If after regulations have been made under this section establishing a class of ancillary dental workers the General Dental Council propose to make further regulations varying the provisions relating to that class or abolishing that class, the further regulations shall be so framed as to secure that a person belonging to that class at the time when the further regulations are made is still permitted to do any dental work of a kind which he was previously permitted to do:

Provided that the Council need not comply with this subsection in framing the regulations if they are satisfied that reasonable steps have been taken to give to each of the persons belonging to die class in question particulars of their proposals with an opportunity of raising objections and none of those persons has maintained any objection to those proposals.

(7) Where a roll or record is established for a class of ancillary dental workers, regulations under this section may, in particular, provide for—

(a) prescribing a fee to be charged when a person’s name

is entered in the roll or record,

(b) prescribing a fee to be charged in respect of the reten-

tion of a person’s name in the roll or record in any year subsequent to the year in which that person’s name was first recorded, and

(c) authorising the person in charge of the roll or record

to erase from die roll or record the name of a person who, after such notices and warnings as may be prescribed by the regulations, fails to pay a fee prescribed under the last foregoing paragraph.

(8) Section thirty-four of this Act shall not operate to prevent a person doing anything which he is permitted to do by regulations under this section, and the prohibition contained in that section on a person holding himself out as practising or being prepared to practise dentistry shall not apply to a person for the time being permitted by regulations under this section to practise dentistry of any particular kind.

(9) The General Dental Council shall not make any regulations under this section unless a draft of those regulations which has been approved by the Privy Council has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament, and the Privy Council shall not approve a draft of regulations prescribing—

(a) a fee under paragraph (a) of subsection (7) of this section of an amount exceeding two pounds, or

284

Ch. 28

Dentists Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—cont.

Restrictions on employment of ancillary dental workers.

(b) a fee under paragraph (b) of that subsection of an amount exceeding one pound,

unless in their opinion a fee of that amount is justified by changes in circumstances which have taken place since the passing of the Dentists Act, 1956.

42.—(1) Regulations under the last foregoing section shall not permit an ancillary dental worker of any class to undertake—

(a) the extraction of teeth other than deciduous teeth, or

(b) except in the course of the provision of national and

local authority health services, the filling of teeth or the extraction of deciduous teeth, or

(c) the fitting, insertion or fixing of dentures or artificial

teeth.

(2) Regulations under the last foregoing section shall be so framed as to secure that dental work amounting to the practice of dentistry carried out by an ancillary dental worker in the course of the provision of national and local authority health services is carried out under the direction of a registered dentist, and k shall be the duty of the General Dental Council to secure, either by provision in the said regulations or otherwise, that, so long as they think it advisable, such work is only carried out after the registered dentist has examined the patient and has indicated to the ancillary dental worker the course of treatment to be provided for the patient. 3 4

(3) Regulations under the last foregoing section shall be so framed as to secure that dental work amounting to the practice of dentistry carried out by an ancillary dental worker otherwise than in the course of providing national and local authority health services is carried out under the direct personal supervision of a registered dentist.

(4) References in this section and in any other provision of this Act to the provision of national and local authority health services shall be construed as references to the provision—

(a) of hospital and specialist services under Part II of the

National Health Service Act, 1946, Part II of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, or Part III of the Health Services Act (Northern Ireland), 1948, or

(b) of services at health centres under section twenty-one

of the National Health Service Act, 1946, section fifteen of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, or section seventeen of the Health Services Act (Northern Ireland), 1948, or

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

285

(c) of services for mothers and young children under section Part IV

twenty-two of the National Health Service Act, 1946, section twenty-two of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, or section thirty-eight of the Health Services Act (Northern Ireland), 1948, or

() of medical inspection and treatment of pupils under

section forty-eight or seventy-eight of the Education Act, 1944, section four of the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953, section fifty-one of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946, section six of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1956, or section forty-two or subsection (2) of section seventy-four of the Education Act (Northern Ireland), 1947.

43.—(1) If the Privy Council, after consulting the General Duty to make Dental Council, are of opinion that, in order that the value to arrangements the community of the existence of a class of ancillary dental maitofscheme workers—

(a) permitted to undertake the filling of teeth and the extraction of deciduous teeth, and

(b) employed to do work of that kind in the course of

the provision of national and local authority health services,

may be judged, the experiment provided for by the following subsections of this section should be carried out, they may require the General Dental Council to comply with the following subsections of this section; and those subsections shall not come into operation unless the Privy Council make that requirement.

(2) The General Dental Council shall make arrangements for encouraging and helping a number of persons to undergo training approved by the- General Dental Council for the purposes of this section and arrangements for making available to such of those persons as, in the opinion of the General Dental Council, attain the necessary standards of proficiency, employment in the course of the provision of national and local authority health services. 3 4

(3) The General Dental Council shall ensure that the number of persons selected to undergo training under the arrangements is adequate having regard to the conclusions which will be drawn from the experiment under this section.

(4) The General Dental Council shall delegate their functions under subsections (2) and (3) of this section to a committee constituted in accordance with paragraph 13 of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act and that committee shall carry out those functions subject to the general control of the Council.

286

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—com.

Termination of

experimental

scheme.

(5) The General Dental Council may by regulations contained in a statutory instrument prescribe the kinds of dental work which persons designated by the regulations, being persons to whom employment is made available under the arrangements, may undertake in the course of the provision of national and local authority health services and the conditions subject to which they may undertake work of that kind and subsection (8) of section forty-one of this Act shall apply in relation to regulations under this subsection as it applies in relation to regulations under that section.

(6) The General Dental Council shall exercise the power conferred by the last foregoing subsection so as to secure that—

(a) while the arrangements are in force, persons to whom

employment is made available under the arrangements are not permitted to practise dentistry except in accordance with the arrangements; and

(b) when the arrangements have been terminated, the per-

sons who have in the opinion of the General Dental Council attained the necessary standards of proficiency under the arrangements shall, unless they infringe disciplinary provisions laid down by the regulations, or unless they become qualified to become members of such a class as is referred to in subsection (1) of this section, continue to have an opportunity to earn their livelihood by doing work of the kind for which they have been trained under the arrangements.

(7) The General Dental Council shall, not later than three years after the arrangements are set in train, make to the Privy Council an interim report on the progress of the experiment under this section, and the Privy Council shall lay the said report before Parliament.

(8) The Minister of Health and the Secretary of State shall have power with the consent of the Treasury to contribute out of moneys provided by Parliament towards defraying expenses incurred by the General Dental Council in connection with die making of arrangements under this section.

44.—(1) The Privy Council may, when, after consulting the General Dental Council, it appears to them that they are in a position to judge the results of the arrangements under the last foregoing section, require the General Dental Council to terminate the arrangements; and the General Dental Council shall have regard to the desirability of not admitting persons for training under the arrangements under such circumstances that they are unlikely to have completed their training before the arrangements are terminated.

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

287

(2) The General Dental Council on being required by the Part IV Privy Council to terminate the arrangements shall make to them —cont. a final report on the results of the experiment and the Privy

Council shall lay the report before Parliament.

(3) After the termination of the arrangements the Privy Council, unless in the light of the said reports they conclude that the existence of such a class of ancillary dental workers as is referred to in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section would not be of value to the community, may require the General Dental Council to make regulations under section forty-one of this Act for the establishment of such a class as aforesaid; and the General Dental Council shall comply with the requirement

This subsection shall be without prejudice to the power of the Council to make such regulations without any requirement.

45.—(1) The General Dental Council shall set up an Ancillary Establishment Dental Workers Committee and shall refer to the Committee of Ancillary all matters connected with ancillary dental services. ^Jrkers

Committee.

(2) Paragraph 14 of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as respects the Ancillary Dental Workers Committee.

(3) Regulations under section forty-one of this Act may provide for entrusting to the Ancillary Dental Workers Committee the duty of enforcing standards of conduct among ancillary dental workers and for enabling that Committee to withdraw from a person not conforming to those standards the right to undertake dental work as an ancillary dental worker of all or any classes.

Part V Supplemental

46.—(1) For the purposes of any proceedings under this Act Provisions as before the Disciplinary Committee relating to the removal of a to proceedings person’s name from the register, or its restoration to the register, ^linary or relating to the withdrawal from a body corporate of the right committee^ to carry on the business of dentistry, the Committee may administer oaths, and any party to the proceedings may sue out writs of subpoena ad testificandum and duces tecum, but no person shall be compelled under any such writ to produce any document which he could not be compelled to produce on the trial of an action. 2

(2) Section forty-nine of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which provides a special procedure for the issue of such writs so as to be in force throughout the

288

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part V

—cont.

Exercise of powers conferred on Privy Council.

Rules, regulations, orders and other

instruments.

Transitional provisions as respects employees prejudiced by dissolution of Dental Board.

United Kingdom), shall apply in relation to any such proceedings as aforesaid as it applies in relation to causes or matters in the High Court.

(3) In relation to proceedings before the Disciplinary Committee, the expression " party " means, unless the context otherwise requires,—

(a) in a case relating to the removal of a person’s name

from the register or its restoration to the register, that person, and

(b) in a case relating to the withdrawal from a body cor-

porate of a right to carry on the business of dentistry, that body corporate and any director of that body corporate, and

(c) in any case, any person on whose complaint the pro-

ceedings are brought or any solicitor appointed by the General Dental Council to represent them at the proceedings.

47. The powers conferred by this Act on the Privy Council (other than the power of hearing appeals against determinations to erase names from the register or determinations to withdraw from bodies corporate the right to carry on the business of dentistry) shall be exercisable by any two or more members of the Privy Council.

48. —(1) The Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, shall apply to a statutory instrument containing regulations made by the General Dental Council under this Act in like manner as if the regulations had been made by a Minister of the Crown.

(2) Prima facie evidence of any document issued by the General Dental Council or the Dental Board (that is to say the Board dissolved in pursuance of the Dentists Act, 1956, and replaced by the General Dental Council) may be given in all legal proceedings by the production of a copy or extract purporting to be certified to be a true copy or extract by die registrar or some other officer of the General Dental Council authorised to give a certificate for the purposes of this subsection.

(3) No proof shall be required of the hand-writing or official position or authority of any person certifying in pursuance of this section to the truth of any copy of or extract from any regulations or other document.

49. The Privy Council may by statutory instrument make regulations for compensating, out of the funds of the General Dental Council, such of the employees of the Dental Board as have suffered loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments attributable to the dissolution of the Dental Board and the other consequences of the passing of the Dentists Act,

1956.

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

289

50.—(1) In this Act—

" dental authority " has the meaning assigned to it by section two of this Act;

Part V —com. Interpretation.

" diploma " means any diploma, degree, fellowship, membership, licence, authority to practise, letters testimonial, certificate or other status or document granted by any university, corporation, college or other body or by any department of, or persons acting under the authority of, the government of any country or place within or without Her Majesty’s dominions;

"Commonwealth diploma" and "foreign diploma" have the meanings assigned to them by section fourteen of this Act;

" disciplinary case " has the meaning assigned to it by section twenty-five of this Act;

" practice of dentistry " has the meaning assigned to it by section thirty-three of this Act.

(2) References in this Act to the provision of national and local authority health services shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of section forty-two of this Act.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any provision of any other Act shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as including a reference to that provision as amended by any other Act, including any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

51.—(1) The enactments set out in the Second Schedule to Repeal and this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Nothing in the repeals made by this section shall affect any bye-law, rule, regulation, order or other instrument made under an enactment repealed by this section, or any appointment, election, nomination, application, authority, direction, notice, registration or other thing so made, given or done and every such instrument or other thing which at the commencement of this Act has effect or is continued in force under an enactment so repealed shall continue in force and, so far as it could have been made, given or done under the corresponding provision of this Act, shall have effect as if made, given or done under that provision.

(3) Without prejudice to subsection (2) of this section, the said repeals shall not affect the continued registration in the dentists register of persons duly admitted to the register under any enactment not reproduced in this Act. 4

(4) A reference in any Act to colonial dentists or to registration as a colonial dentist shall, unless the context otherwise

K

290

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part V —cant.

Application to Northern Ireland.

Short title and commencement.

Sections 1, 8, 26,43,45.

requires, be construed as a reference to dentists registered in the Commonwealth list and to registration as a Commonwealth dentist.

(5) Any enactment or other document whatsoever referring to any enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to the corresponding enactment in this Act.

(6) The mention of particular matters in this section shall not be held to prejudice or affect the general application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with regard to the effect of repeals.

52. It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland and for the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920 (which precludes the Parliament of Northern Ireland from amending Acts of Parliament of the United Kingdom passed after the day appointed under that Act) this Act shall be treated as passed before that day.

53. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Dentists Act, 1957.

(2) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of a period of three months beginning with the date on which it is passed.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

The General Dental Council and its Committees Part I

Constitution, Etc., of Council

1. The General Dental Council shall be a body corporate, shall have a common seal, and shall have power to acquire and hold land without licence in mortmain. 2 *

2. —(1) The General Dental Council shall consist of eighteen members together with the members to be nominated under this Part of this Schedule by the authorities who are for the time being dental authorities.

(2) Of the members of the Council—

(a) eleven shall be elected by registered dentists from among

themselves;

(b) three, who shall be registered dentists, shall be nominated

by Her Majesty on the advice of Her Privy Council;

(c) three, who shall not be registered dentists, and of whom

two shall be chosen for England and Wales and one for Scotland, shall be nominated by Her Majesty on the advice of Her Privy Council;

() one, who shall not be a registered dentist, shall be nominated by the Governor of Northern Ireland;

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

291

and of the remaining members, all of whom shall be registered dentists, the University of London (so long as it is a dental authority) shall nominate two, and every other authority which is for the time being a dental authority shall nominate one.

(3) In addition there shall be six persons nominated by the General Medical Council from among members of that Council who shall act and vote as members of the General Dental Council in connection with dental education and examinations, but who, save as otherwise expressly provided by this sub-paragraph or any other provision of this Act, shall not be treated as members of the General Dental Council for the purposes of this Act:

Provided that no proceedings of the General Dental Council shall be invalid by reason of any member nominated by the General Medical Council having acted or voted in a manner not permitted by this sub-paragraph.

3. —(1) The term of office of those elected as members of the General Dental Council on its establishment shall end at the expiration of five years from the fourth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, and on that date in the year nineteen hundred and sixty-one, and at the expiration of each succeeding period of five years, all the persons who are then elected members of the Council shall retire together; and elections shall be held accordingly before the end of each of the said periods.

(2) An election shall be held to fill a casual vacancy among the elected members if, and only if, the vacancy occurs more than twelve months before the beginning of the nAxt five-year perod.

(3) Of the eleven elected members—

(a) seven shall be elected by the dentists whose addresses in

the register are in England, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands;

(b) one shall be elected by the dentists whose addresses in the register are in Wales;

(c) two shall be elected by the dentists whose addresses in the register are in Scotland;

() one shall be elected by the dentists whose addresses in the register are in Ireland.

(4) Elections under this paragraph shall be conducted in accordance with rules made by the General Dental Council which shall include provision—

(a) for nominations being made by registered dentists;

(b) for the use of voting papers and for voting by post.

(5) This paragraph shall apply in relation to Monmouthshire as if it were part of Wales and not part of England and references to England and Wales shall be construed accordingly. 4

4. —(1) The term of* office of those nominated as members of the Council shall eod at the expiration of three years from the fourth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, and on that date in the year nineteen bundled and fifty-nine, aod at the expiration of each succeeding period of five years, all the persons who are then

1st Sch. —cont.

292

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. nominated members of the Council shall retire together; and

—cont. nominations shall be made accordingly before the end of the said

three-year period and of each five-year period.

(2) A nomination shall be made to fill a casual vacancy among the nominated members whenever it occurs.

(3) In this paragraph references to nominated members include references to members nominated by the General Medical Council for the limited purposes set out in sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 2 of this Part of this Schedule.

(4) Where in the course of the said period of three years or one of the said periods of five years an authority becomes for the first time a dental authority, the right of that authority to nominate a member of the General Dental Council shall be postponed until the end of that period.

5. —(1) The General Dental Council shall elect a registered dentist as President from among the members of the Council.

(2) The President shall hold office until he next retires from membership of the Council.

6. A person shall not be disqualified for being elected or nominated as a member of the Council or for being elected as President of the Council by reason of having already served as a member or, as the case may be, as President.

General powers of Council

7. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule, the Council shall have power to do any thing which in their opinion is calculated to facilitate the proper discharge of their functions.

(2) The Council shall, in particular, have power to pay to its members, including the members nominated by the General Medical Council, fees for attendance at meetings of the Council or its committees and travelling and subsistence allowances while attending such meetings or while on any other business of the Council but, save as expressly provided by this paragraph or any other provision of this Act, the Council shall not have power to pay to its members any remuneration for doing the business of the Council and shall not have power to pay the said fees for attendance to a member of the Council who is also a member of the House of Commons or a member of the Senate or House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

(3) The powers of the Council and of any of the Council’s committees may be exercised notwithstanding any vacancy, and no proceedings of the Council or of any of the Council’s committees shall be invalidated by any defect in the appointment of a member.

8. —(1) The Council may, after paying their expenses, including the payments authorised under this Schedule to be made to their members and the salaries or remuneration of their officers, allocate any money received by them whether by way of fees or otherwise to purposes connected with dental education and research or any other public purposes connected with the profession of dentistry in such manner as they may think fit.

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

293

(2) The Council shall keep accounts of all sums received or paid 1st Sch. by them under this Act and the accounts shall be audited in manner cont-prescribed by regulations made by the Privy Council and shall be published annually and laid before Parliament.

9.—(1) The Council may make rules for regulating the proceedings (including quorum) of the Council and for delegating, subject to the provisions of this Act, to committees, including the committees referred to in Part II of this Schedule, functions of the Council and, subject as aforesaid, for appointing the members and regulating the proceedings (including quorum) of any committees, including the committees referred to in Part II of this Schedule and any subcommittees.

(2) The power conferred by the foregoing sub-paragraph shall include power to make rules as to the procedure to be followed and rules of evidence to be observed in proceedings before the Disciplinary Committee (other than proceedings in disciplinary cases) but rules under this sub-paragraph shall not come into force until approved by order of the Privy Council contained in a statutory instrument:

Provided that before making any rules under this sub-paragraph the Council shall consult with such bodies of persons representing dentists as appear to the Council requisite to be consulted.

(3) Nothing in this paragraph shall authorise the Council to delegate any power of making rules or regulations under any other provision of this Act or the power of appointing assessors in inquiries in disciplinary cases.

Part II

Committees of the Council

The Education Committee

10. —(1) The Education Committee shall consist of the President and eight other members of the Council (who shall all be registered dentists) and those persons who are only members of the Council for the limited purposes set out in sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 2 of Part I of this Schedule.

(2) The Committee shall appoint a registered dentist to be chairman from among the members of the Committee.

The Preliminary Proceedings Committee

11. The Preliminary Proceedings Committee shall consist of the President and five other members of the Council of whom one shall be a person who is not a registered dentist:

Provided that the President may appoint for the consideration of any particular case one or two members of the Council to be additional members of the Committee notwithstanding that the membership of the Committee is thereby raised to seven or eight.

The Disciplinary Committee

12. —(1) The Disciplinary Committee shall consist of the President and ten other members of the Council of whom at least four shall be elected members of the Council and at least two shall be neither such elected members nor registered dentists.

294

Ch. 28

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. (2) A member of the Preliminary Proceedings Committee other —con/. than the President of the Council shall not at the same time be a member of the Disciplinary Committee.

(3) At any meeting of the Disciplinary Committee the President of the Council or, in his absence, such member of the Committee as the Committee may choose, shall be chairman.

(4) All acts of the Disciplinary Committee shall be decided by a majority of the members present at any meeting.

(5) The quorum for a meeting of the Disciplinary Committee shall be five, of whom at least one shall be an elected member of the Council.

The committee entrusted with carrying out the experimental scheme for training ancillary dental workers

13. —(1) The committee entrusted with carrying out the experimental scheme for training ancillary dental workers shall consist of the President and eight other members of the Council and four persons who need not be members of the Council.

(2) Not less than three of the said eight members of the committee shall be members of the Council appointed by the dental authorities and not less than two of the said eight members of the committee shall be members of the Council elected by registered dentists.

(3) The four members of the committee who need not be members of the Council shall be appointed by the Privy Council, and of those four members of the committee two shall be registered dentists who are employed in the course of the provision of national and local authority health services and one shall be a person who is not a registered dentist.

(4) The committee shall appoint a registered dentist to be chairman from among the members of the committee.

The Ancillary Dental Workers Committee

14. —(1) The Ancillary Dental Workers Committee shall consist of the President and eight other members of the Council and six persons who are not members of the Council.

(2) Not more than six members of the Committee (excluding the President) shall be both members of the Council and registered dentists.

(3) Three of the six members of the Committee who are not members of the Council shall be appointed by the Minister of Health, the Secretary of State and the Minister of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland acting jointly and two of the said three so appointed shall be registered dentists who are or have been * employed in the course of the provision of national and local authority health services.

The said three members appointed by the said Ministers shall be appointed in the first instance to take office at the same time and they and their successors shall retire together at the end of successive three year periods, and an appointment made in the course of one of the said periods to fill a casual vacancy shall be for the remainder of that period.

1957

Dentists A, 1957

Ch. 28

295

(4) The other three of the six members of the Committee who are not members of the Council shall not be appointed until regulations have been made under this Act establishing a class of ancillary dental workers and shall then, in the first instance, be appointed by the Council from among members of the class so established.

(5) The said three persons appointed by the Council in the first instance shall retire on such date as the Council may fix and the persons to fill their vacancies shall be elected by members of all the classes of ancillary dental workers established by regulations under this Act in such manner and at such intervals as may be provided by rules made by the Council.

(6) The Council shall pay to members of the Committee who are not members of the Council allowances and fees at the same rates as in the case of those who are members of the Council and shall, as respects any member who is also a member of the House of Commons or of the Senate or House of Commons of Northern Ireland, follow the same rule as to not paying him any fees for attendance.

(7) The chairman of the Committee shall be chosen by the Committee from among the members of the Committee who are registered dentists.

(8) The Committee may appoint a sub-committee to deal with disciplinary questions connected whh members of a class of ancillary dental workers.

The said sub-committee shall consist of not more than nine members.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Enactments repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

41 Sl42 Vict, c. 33. The Dentists Act, 1878... Section two. Section five so far as it applies in the United Kingdom. Sections six to forty and the Schedule.

U&12 Geo. 5. The Dentists Act, 1921... The whole Act.

c. 21.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. The Dentists Act, 1923... The whole Act.

c. 36.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. The Medical and Dentists In section two, in subsection

c. 39. Acts Amendment Act, 1927. (1) the words from " and so far as " to the end of the subsection and subsection (2). In section three, subsection (3).

4 & 5 EHz. 2. c. 29. The Dentists Act, 1956... The whole Act except subsection (9) of section sixteen and in subsection (1) of section thirty-seven the short title.

coo

1st Sch. —cent.

Section 51.

296

Ch. 28, 29

Dentists A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Judicial Committee Act, 1833

Interpretation Act, 1889

Government of Ireland Act, 1920

Juries Act, 1922

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act

Session and Chapter

. 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 41.

. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

. 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

. 12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 11.

1925

Education Act, 1944

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946

Education (Scotland) Act, 1946

National Health Service Act, 1946

National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 ... Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act,

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49. 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27.

1949

Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 33.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Dentists Act, 1956

Education (Scotland) Act, 1956

Medical Act, 1956

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 33. 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 29. 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 75. 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 76.

CHAPTER 29

Magistrates' Courts , 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Plea of guilty in absence of accused.

2. Proof of identity of driver of vehicle.

3. Proof of previous convictions.

4. Amendment as to arrest of accused on non-appearance.

5. Mitigation of penalties.

6. Citation, construction, extent and commencement.

An Act to make provision for persons charged with certain summary offences to plead guilty without appearing before the court; to provide for the proof before magistrates’ courts of certain matters; to restrict the power of such courts to issue a warrant for the arrest of an accused person on his failing to appear; to extend the power of such courts with respect to the mitigation of penalties; and for other purposes connected with the purposes aforesaid.

[6th June, 1957]

1957

Magistrates* Courts , 1957

Ch. 29

297

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, this section shall apply where a summons has been issued requiring a person to appear before a magistrates’ court, other than a juvenile court, to answer to an information for a summary offence, not being—

(a) an offence which is also triable on indictment; or

(b) an offence for which the accused is liable to be sentenced to be imprisoned for a term exceeding three months,

and the clerk of the court is notified by or on behalf of the prosecutor that the following documents have been served upon the accused with the summons, that is to say—

(i) a notice containing such statement of the effect of this section as may be prescribed; and

(ii) a concise statement in the prescribed form of such facts relating to the charge as will be placed before the court by or on behalf of the prosecutor if the accused pleads guilty without appearing before the court.

(2) Where the clerk of the court receives a notification in writing purporting to be given by the accused or by a solicitor acting on his behalf that the accused desires to plead guilty without appearing before the court, the clerk of the court shall inform the prosecutor of the receipt of the notification and if at the time and place appointed for the trial or adjourned trial of the information the accused does not appear and it is proved to the satisfaction of the court, on oath or in the prescribed manner, that the notice and statement of facts referred to in the foregoing subsection have been served upon the accused with the summons, then—

(a) the court may proceed to hear and dispose of the case in the absence of the accused, whether or not the prosecutor is also absent, in like manner as if both parties had appeared and the accused had pleaded guilty; or

(b) if the court decides not to proceed as aforesaid, the court shall adjourn or further adjourn the trial for the purpose of dealing with the information as if the notification aforesaid had not been given:

Provided that—

(i) if at any time before the hearing the clerk of the court receives an intimation in writing purporting to be given by or on behalf of the accused that he wishes to withdraw the notification aforesaid, the clerk of the court

K*

Plea of guilty in absence of accused.

298

Ch. 29

Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

15 & 16 Geo. & 1 Eliz. 2. c 55.

9 & 10 Geo. 5 c. 62.

9 & 10 Geo. 5 c 67

shall inform the prosecutor thereof and the court shall deal with the information as if this section had not been passed;

(ii) before accepting the plea of guilty and convicting the accused in his absence under this subsection, the court shall cause the notification and statement of facts aforesaid, including any submission received with the notification which the accused wishes to be brought to the attention of the court with a view to mitigation of sentence, to be read out before the court;

(iii) if the court proceeds under this subsection to hear and dispose of the case in the absence of the accused, the court shall not permit any statement to be made by or on behalf of the prosecutor with respect to any facts relating to the offence charged other than the statement of facts aforesaid except on a resumption of the trial after an adjournment under subsection (3) of section fourteen of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952 (which confers power to adjourn after convicting the accused but before sentencing him) and shall not without adjourning under the said subsection (3) sentence him to any term of imprisonment or to any other form of detention, or order him to be subject to any disqualification.

(3) Subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952 (which provides that where a magistrates* court, instead of proceeding in the absence of the accused, adjourns or further adjourns the trial, the court may issue a warrant for the arrest of the accused) shall not apply to an adjournment by reason of the requirements of paragraph ( of the last foregoing subsection or to an adjournment on the occasion of the accused’s conviction in his absence under that subsection; and, in relation to such an adjournment, the notice required by subsection (2) of section fourteen of that Act (which provides that an adjourned trial shall not be resumed at the appointed time and place unless the court is satisfied that the parties have had adequate notice thereof) shall include notice of the reason for the adjournment. 4

(4) Where the court convicts the accused in his absence under subsection (2) of this section of an offence in connection with contributions payable into the Industrial Injuries Fund or the National Insurance Fund on conviction of which it is provided by, or by regulations made under, the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946, or the National Insurance Act, 1946, that, if notice of intention to do so has been served with the summons, evidence may be given of the failure of the accused to pay certain other contributions so payable and on proof of the failure die

1957

Magistrates’ Courts , 1957

Ch. 29

299

accused shall be liable to pay the amount of those other contributions into the appropriate fund aforesaid, then if—

(a) it is proved to the satisfaction of the court, on oath or in

the prescribed manner, that notice has been served as aforesaid specifying the other contributions in respect of which the prosecutor intends so to give evidence; and

(b) the clerk of the court has received a statement in writing

purporting to be made by the accused or by a solicitor acting on his behalf to the effect that if the accused is convicted in his absence of the offence charged he desires to admit failing to pay the other contributions so specified or any of them,

the said Acts of 1946 and any regulations made thereunder shall have effect as if the evidence had been given and the failure so admitted had been proved, and the court shall proceed accordingly.

(5) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument provide that this section shall not apply in relation to such offences in addition to those specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of this section as may be specified in the order, and any order under this subsection—

(a) may vary or revoke any previous order thereunder; and

(b) shall not be made unless a draft thereof has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

2. Where on the summary trial of an information for an offence proof of

in the case of which subsection (3) of section one hundred and identity of

thirteen of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, as extended by section driyer of

thirty-two of the Road Traffic Act, 1956, gives power to require vchlc e‘

information as to the identity of the driver of a vehicle— 20 * 21 Geo-3 * 5

c. 43.

(c) it is proved to the satisfaction of the court, on oath or in 4 & 5 Eliz. 2.

the prescribed manner, that a requirement under the c. 67. said subsection (3) to give information as to the identity of the driver of the particular vehicle on the particular occasion to which the information relates has been served on the accused by post; and

(b) a statement in writing is produced to the court purporting to be signed by the accused that the accused was the driver of that vehicle on that occasion,

the court may accept that statement as evidence that the accused was the driver of that vehicle on that occasion.

3. Where a person is convicted of a summary offence by a Proof of magistrates’ court, other than a juvenile court, and it is proved previous

to the satisfaction of the court, on oath or in the prescribed convict,ons‘ manner, that not less than seven days previously a notice was

K* 2

300

Ch. 29

Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Amendment as to arrest of accused on non-appearance.

Mitigation of penalties.

Citation, construction, extent and commencement.

served on the accused in the prescribed form and manner specifying any alleged previous conviction of the accused of a summary offence proposed to be brought to the notice of the court in the event of his conviction of the offence charged, and the accused is not present in person before the court, the court may take account of any such previous conviction so specified as if the accused had appeared and admitted it.

4. In paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Magistrates’Courts Act, 1952 (which provides that where the court adjourns by reason of the non-appearance of the accused after having received any evidence, either on that or on a previous occasion, it shall not issue a warrant under that section for the accused's arrest unless it thinks it undesirable, by reason of the gravity of the offence, to continue the trial in his absence), for the words " after having received any evidence, either on that or on a previous occasion " there shall be substituted the words " after having, either on that or on a previous occasion—

(i) received any evidence; or

(ii) convicted the accused without hearing evidence on his pleading guilty, whether under subsection (3) of section thirteen of this Act or under subsection (2) of section one of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1957."

5. Section twenty-seven of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952 (which confers upon a magistrates’ court certain powers with respect to the mitigation of penalties in the case of offences under any enactment passed before the commencement of that Act) shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if in subsection (1) of that section for the words " passed before " there were substituted the words " whether passed before or after

6. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Magistrates’ Courts Act,

1957.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the Magistrates’ Courts Acts, 1952 and 1957.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

(4) Sections one, two and three of this Act shall come into force at the expiration of the period of three months beginning with the date of its passing.

1957

Church of Scotland (Property and Endowments) , 1957

Ch. 30

301

CHAPTER 30

An Act to amend section thirty-six of the Church of Scotland (Property and Endowments) Act, 1925, in its application to benefices with more than one

incumbency.

[6th June, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. For the purposes of the proviso to section thirty-six of the Amendment of Church of Scotland (Property and Endowments) Act, 1925 (in 15 & 16 Geo. 5. this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") a benefice with more c‘ 33, s* 36, than one incumbency, being a benefice which was not actually vacant at the passing of the principal Act and which has not become actually vacant before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed to become actually vacant—

(0) if at the passing of this Act there were more incumbents than one of the benefice, on the termination of the interest of that one of them who last ceases to be an incumbent of the benefice; or

(b) if at the passing of this Act there was only one incumbent of the benefice, on the termination of the interest of that incumbent;

and from the date on which such a benefice as aforesaid is by virtue of this section deemed to have become actually vacant the said section thirty-six shall, in relation to that benefice, have effect as if the proviso thereto were omitted.

2. This Act may be cited as the Church of Scotland (Property Short title, and Endowments) Amendment Act, 1957, and shall be construed constnicdon as one with the principal Act; and the Church of Scotland and c,tation* (Property and Endowments) Acts, 1925 and 1933, and this Act may be cited together as the Church of Scotland (Property and Endowments) Acts, 1925 to 1957.

302

Ch. 31

Occupiers' Liability Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Preliminary

CHAPTER 31

Occupiers' Liability , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Liability in tort

Section

1. Preliminary.

2. Extent of occupier’s ordinary duty.

3. Effect of contract on occupier’s liability to third party.

4. Landlord’s liability in virtue of obligation to repair.

Liability in contract *). Implied term in contract.

General

6. Application to Crown.

7. Powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland.

8. Short title, etc.

An Act to amend the law of England and Wales as to the liability of occupiers and others for injury or damage resulting to persons or goods lawfully on any land or other property from dangers due to the state of the property or to things done or omitted to be done there, to make provision as to the operation in relation to the Crown of laws made by the Parliament of Northern Ireland for similar purposes or otherwise amending the law of tort, and for purposes connected therewith.

[6th June, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Liability in tort

1.—(1) The rules enacted by the two next following sections shall have effect, in place of the rules of the common law, to regulate the duty which an occupier of premises owes to his visitors in respect of dangers due to the state of the premises or to things done or omitted to be done on them.

(2) The rules so enacted shall regulate the nature of the duty imposed by law in consequence of a person’s occupation or control of premises and of any invitation or permission he gives (or is to be treated as giving) to another to enter or use the premises, but they shall not alter the rules of the common law as to the persons on whom a duty is so imposed or to whom it is owed; and accordingly for the purpose of the rules so enacted the persons who are to be treated as an occupier

1957

Occupiers' Liability , 1957

Ch. 31

303

and as his visitors are the same (subject to subsection (4) of this section) as the persons who would at common law be treated as an occupier and as his invitees or licensees.

(3) The rules so enacted in relation to an occupier of premises and his visitors shall also apply, in like manner and to the like extent as the principles applicable at common law to an occupier of premises and his invitees or licensees would apply, to regulate—

(a) the obligations of a person occupying or having control over any fixed or moveable structure, including any vessel, vehicle or aircraft; and

(b) the obligations of a person occupying or having control

over any premises or structure in respect of damage to property, including the property of persons who are not themselves his visitors.

(4) A person entering any premises in exercise of rights conferred by virtue of an access agreement or order under the National 12,13 & 14 Parks and Access to the Countryside Act, 1949, is not, for the Geo. 6. c. 97. purposes of this Act, a visitor of the occupier of those premises.

2.—(1) An occupier of premises owes the same duty, the Extent of " common duty of care ", to all his visitors, except in so far as he occupier's is free to and does extend, restrict, modify or exclude his duty ordinary duty to any visitor or visitors by agreement or otherwise.

(2) The common duty of care is a duty to take such care as in all the circumstances of the case is reasonable to see that the visitor will be reasonably safe in using the premises for the purposes for which he is invited or permitted by the occupier to be there.

(3) The circumstances relevant for the present purpose include the degree of care, and of want of care, which would ordinarily be looked for in such a visitor, so that (for example) in proper cases—

(a) an occupier must be prepared for children to be less careful than adults; and

(b) an occupier may expect that a person, in the exercise of his calling, will appreciate and guard against any special risks ordinarily incident to it, so far as the occupier leaves him free to do so.

(4) In determining whether the occupier of premises has discharged the common duty of care to a visitor, regard is to be had to all the circumstances, so that (for example)—

(a) where damage is caused to a visitor by a danger of which he had been warned by the occupier, the warning is not to be treated without more as absolving the occupier from liability, unless in all the circumstances it was enough to enable the visitor to be reasonably safe; and

Occupiers' Liability Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

304 Ch. 31 Occupiers' Liability Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Effect of contract on occupier's liability to third party. (6) where damage is caused to a visitor by a danger due to the faulty execution of any work of construction, maintenance or repair by an independent contractor employed by the occupier, the occupier is not to be treated without more as answerable for the danger if in all the circumstances he had acted reasonably in entrusting the work to an independent contractor and had taken such steps (if any) as he reasonably ought in order to satisfy himself that the contractor was competent and that the work had been properly done. (5) The common duty of care does not impose on an occupier any obligation to a visitor in respect of risks willingly accepted as his by the visitor (the question whether a risk was so accepted to be decided on the same principles as in other cases in which one person owes a duty of care to another). (6) For the purposes of this section, persons who enter premises for any purpose in the exercise of a right conferred by law are to be treated as permitted by the occupier to be there for that purpose, whether they in fact have his permission or not. 3.—(1) Where an occupier of premises is bound by contract to permit persons who are strangers to the contract to enter or use the premises, the duty of care which he owes to them as his visitors cannot be restricted or excluded by that contract, but (subject to any provision of the contract to the contrary) shall include the duty to perform his obligations under the contract, whether undertaken for their protection or not, in so far as those obligations go beyond the obligations otherwise involved in that duty. (2) A contract shall not by virtue of this section have the effect, unless it expressly so provides, of making an occupier who has taken all reasonable care answerable to strangers to the contract for dangers due to the faulty execution of any work of construction, maintenance or repair or other like operation by persons other than himself, his servants and persons acting under his direction and control. (3) In this section " stranger to the contract " means a person not for the time being entitled to the benefit of the contract as a party to it or as the successor by assignment or otherwise of a party to it, and accordingly includes a party to the contract who has ceased to be so entitled. (4) Where by the terms or conditions governing any tenancy (including a statutory tenancy which does not in law amount to a tenancy) either the landlord or the tenant is bound, though not by contract, to permit persons to enter or use premises of which he is the occupier, this section shall apply as if the tenancy were a contract between the landlord and the tenant

1957

Occupiers’ Liability Act, 1957

Ch. 31

305

(5) This section, in so far as it prevents the common duty of care from being restricted or excluded, applies to contracts entered into and tenancies created before the commencement of this Act, as well as to those entered into or created after its commencement; but, in so far as it enlarges the duty owed by an occupier beyond the common duty of care, it shall have effect . only in relation to obligations which are undertaken after that commencement or which are renewed by agreement (whether express or implied) after that commencement.

4.—(1) Where premises are occupied by any person under a Landlord’s tenancy which puts on the landlord an obligation to that person for the maintenance or repair of the premises, the landlord shall 0bjJ^j0n to owe to all persons who or whose goods may from time to time repair, be lawfully on the premises the same duty, in respect of dangers arising from any default by him in carrying out that obligation, as if he were an occupier of the premises and those persons or their goods were there by his invitation or permission (but without any contract).

(2) Where premises are occupied under a sub-tenancy, the foregoing subsection shall apply to any landlord of the premises (whether the immediate or a superior landlord) on whom an obligation to the occupier for the maintenance or repair of the premises is put by the sub-tenancy, and for that purpose any obligation to the occupier which the sub-tenancy puts on a mesne landlord of the premises, or is treated by virtue of this provision as putting on a mesne landlord, shall be treated as put by it also on any landlord on whom the mesne landlord’s tenancy puts the like obligation towards the mesne landlord.

(3) For the purposes of this section, where premises comprised in a tenancy (whether occupied under that tenancy or under a sub-tenancy) are put to a use not permitted by the tenancy, and the landlord of whom they are held under the tenancy is not debarred by his acquiescence or otherwise from objecting or from enforcing his objection, then no persons or goods whose presence on the premises is due solely to that use of the premises shall be deemed to be lawfully on die premises as regards that landlord or any superior landlord of the premises, whether or not they are lawfully there as regards an inferior landlord.

(4) For the purposes of this section, a landlord shall not be deemed to have made default in carrying out any obligation to the occupier of the premises unless his default is such as to be actionable at the suit of the occupier or, in the case of a superior landlord whose actual obligation is to an inferior landlord, his default in carrying out that obligation is actionable at the suit of the inferior landlord.

(5) This section shall not put a landlord of premises under a greater duty than the occupier to persons who or whose goods

306

Ch. 31

Occupiers’ Liability Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Implied term in contracts.

Application to Crown.

10 & 11 Geo.

6. c. 44.

Powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

are lawfully on the premises by reason only of the exercise of a right of way or of rights conferred by virtue of an access agreement or order under the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act, 1949.

(6) Nothing in this section shall relieve a landlord of any duty which he is under apart from this section.

(7) For the purposes of this section, obligations imposed by any enactment in virtue of a tenancy shall be treated as imposed by the tenancy, and " tenancy " includes a statutory tenancy which does not in law amount to a tenancy, and includes also any contract conferring a right of occupation, and " landlord " shall be construed accordingly.

(8) This section applies to tenancies created before the commencement of this Act, as well as to those created after its commencement.

Liability in contract

5. —(1) Where persons enter or use, or bring or send goods to, any premises in exercise of a right conferred by contract with a person occupying or having control of the premises, the duty he owes them in respect of dangers due to the state of the premises or to things done or omitted to be done on them, in so far as the duty depends on a term to be implied in the contract by reason of its conferring that right, shall be the common duty of care.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall apply to fixed and moveable structures as it applies to premises.

(3) This section does not affect the obligations imposed on a person by or by virtue of any contract for the hire of, or for the carriage for reward of persons or goods in, any vehicle, vessel, aircraft or other means of transport, or by or by virtue of any contract of bailment.

(4) This section does not apply to contracts entered into before the commencement of this Act.

General

6. This Act shall bind the Crown, but as regards the Crown’s liability in tort shall not bind the Crown further than the Crown is made liable in tort by the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947, and that Act and in particular section two of it shall apply in relation to duties under sections two to four of this Act as statutory duties.

7. The limitation imposed by paragraph (1) of section four of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, precluding the Parliament of Northern Ireland from making laws in respect of the Crown or property of the Crown (including foreshore vested in the

1957

Occupiers* Liability , 1957

Ch. 31, 32

307

Crown) shall not extend to prevent that Parliament from amending the law of tort, or enacting provisions similar to section five of this Act, so as to bind the Crown in common with private persons; but as regards the Crown’s liability in tort, no such amendments shall bind the Crown further than the Crown is made liable in tort under the law of Northern Ireland by Orders in Council under section fifty-three of the Crown Proceedines Act, 1947.

8.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Occupiers’ Liability Act, Short title, etc 1957.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland, nor to Northern Ireland except in so far as it extends the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into force on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight.

CHAPTER 32

An Act to make further provision with respect to the pay, bounty and allowances of officers and men of the naval and marine reserves (including officers of reserve to the royal navy) and for purposes connected therewith.

[6th June, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council fix the rates of of pay. pay, bounty and allowances payable to persons described in auoS?m<5es the First Schedule to this Act; and an Order in Council under for naval this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in reserves. Council.

(2) Sections three and five of the Naval and Marine Pay and 28 29 Vict.

Pensions Act, 1865 (which respectively provide for regulating the c* 73* payment of naval and marine pay, pensions, bounty and other allowances and prohibit their assignment), shall apply in relation to pay, bounty and allowances payable to any person described in the said First Schedule as they apply in relation to pay, bounty and allowances payable in respect of services in Her Majesty’s naval or marine force to a person being an officer or subordinate officer, seaman or marine; and the Naval Forces (Enforcement lO&llGeo.6. of Maintenance Liabilities) Act, 1947, shall have effect as if c. 24. any reference therein to an officer, seaman or marine included a reference to any person so described.

308

Ch. 32

9 & 10 Geo. c. 36.

Short title and repeals.

Section 1.

Section 2.

Naval and Marine Reserves Pay 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

(3) Section twelve of the said Act of 1865 (which provides for the publication and laying before Parliament of Orders in Council under that Act) shall apply, and the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, shall not apply, to Orders in Council under this section.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Naval and Marine Reserves Pay Act, 1957.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule, and the repeal by this subsection of any enactment shall extend to that enactment as applied by or incorporated in any other enactment.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Persons for whom Rates of Pay, etc., may be fixed

Officers of reserve to the royal navy.

Men of the royal naval reserve (including the royal fleet reserve).

Officers and men of the royal naval volunteer reserve.

Officers and men of the royal marine forces volunteer reserve.

Officers and men of the royal naval special reserve.

Officers and men of the royal naval emergency reserve.

Officers and men of the royal marine emergency reserve.

Persons in receipt of pensions in respect of service as men m the royal navy or the royal marines, being persons called into actual service or undergoing training.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

16 & 17 Vict. The Naval Volunteers Act, In section sixteen, the words

c. 73. 1853. from " be entitled " to "shall also". In section seventeen, the words from the beginning to " Her Majesty’s Navy; and ".

22 & 23 Vict. The Royal Naval Reserve Sections six and nine.

c. 40. (Volunteer) Act, 1859. In section thirteen, the words "and as to the pay and allowances to officers commanding such volunteers ". In section fifteen, the words from " the said volunteers " to "Her Majesty’s Navy; and’’.

1957

Naval and Marine Reserves Pay

Act, 1957

Ch. 32, 33

309

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

26 & 27 Vict. The Officers of Royal Naval In section three, the words

c. 69. Reserve Act 1863. from the beginning to " from time to time appoint ".

47 & 48 Vict The Naval Enlistment Act In section four, the words

c. 46. 1884. " and be entitled to pay ".

59 & 60 Vict The Royal Naval Reserve In section one, in subsection

c. 33. Volunteer Act 1896. (1), the words " and pay " and the words " or paid ".

63 & 64 Vict. The Naval Reserve Act, In section one, in subsection

c. 52. 1900. (4), the words "and be entitled to the same pay ".

3 Edw. 7. c. 6. The Naval Forces Act, 1903 In section one, in subsection (2), in paragraph (i), the words " so much of section six as relates to naval pay ", the words " nine and " and the words " pay and ". Section three.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. The Royal Naval Reserve In section one, subsection (1).

c. 18. Act 1927.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Royal Marines Act, In section one, in subsection

c. 25. 1948. (2), the words from "and section three" to "actual service ".

CHAPTER 33

New Streets Act, 1951 (Amendment) , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Refunds, etc., where work done otherwise than at expense of local

authority.

2. Adoption of street where work done otherwise than at expense of local

authority.

3. Agreements under s. 146 of Public Health Act, 1875.

4. Registration in local land charges register.

5. Interest on sums paid under principal Act.

6. Miscellaneous amendments of principal Act.

7. Interpretation.

8. Citation, construction and commencement.

310

Refunds, etc., where work done otherwise than at expense of local authority.

Adoption of street where work done otherwise than at expense of local authority.

Ch. 33 New Streets , 1951 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Amendment) , 1957

An Act to amend the New Streets Act, 1951

[6th June, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where a sura has been paid or secured under section one of the principal Act by the owner of land in respect of the cost of street works to be carried out in the private street on which that land has a frontage, and any street works are subsequently carried out in the private street in respect of that frontage to the satisfaction of but otherwise than at the expense of the local authority, the local authority may refund to the person at whose expense the works are carried out the whole or such proportion of that sum or, as the case may be, release the whole or such part of the security, as in their opinion represents the amount by which the liability of the owner of that land in respect of street works has been reduced as a result of the carrying out of the said street works:

Provided that where the person at whose expense the works are carried out is not the person who is for the time being owner of that land no refund or release shall be made under this subsection unless the owner has been notified of the proposal to make the refund or release and has been afforded an opportunity of making representations to the local authority in relation thereto.

(2) Where any land having a frontage on a private street, being land in respect of which a sum has been paid or secured under section one of the principal Act, is subsequently divided in two or more parts each having a frontage on that private street, the sum shall be treated as apportioned between the owners thereof according to their respective frontages, and subsection (1) of this section shall have effect accordingly.

2. Where a sum has been paid or secured under section one of the principal Act by the owner of land in respect of the cost of street works to be carried out in the private street on which the land has a frontage and any street works are subsequently carried out in die private street in respect of that frontage to the satisfaction of, but otherwise than at the expense of, the local authority, the local authority, without prejudice to their powers under any other enactment, may, by notice to be fixed up in the street, declare the street or a part thereof in which any of the street works were carried out, being a part which comprises a part on which the said land has a frontage, to be a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large and thereupon such street or part of the street as defined in the notice shall become a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large.

1957

New Streets , 1951

(Amendment) , 1957

Ch. 33

311

3. The power of a local authority to enter into agreements for Agreements the making of roads under section one hundred and forty-six of unJer s. 146 of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall be, and be deemed always to

have been, exercisable in respect of a private street notwithstanding a’ that a sum has been paid or secured under section one of the principal Act by an owner of land in respect of the cost of street works in that private street, and shall include, and be deemed always to have included, power to provide in any such agreement for the refund of such sum or any part thereof either without interest or with interest at such rate as may be specified in the agreement, or for the release of the whole or any part of a security.

4. —(1) The matters specified in subsection (2) of this section Registration in shall be registered in the register of local land charges by the local land proper officer of the appropriate council in such manner as may charges

be prescribed by rules made for the purpose of this section under register-subsection (6) of section fifteen of the Land Charges Act, 1925.

(2) The matters referred to in the foregoing subsection are the following, whether occurring before or after the passing of this Act, that is to say:—

(a) notices served by a local authority pursuant to subsections (1) and (3) of section two of the principal Act;

(b) determinations by the Minister under subsection (4) of

the said section;

(c) payments made or securities given pursuant to section

one of the principal Act;

() notices served under paragraph (e), paragraph or paragraph ( h) of subsection (3) of the said section one exempting a building from that section;

(e) resolutions passed under paragraph (k) of subsection (3) of the said section one exempting a street or a part of a street from that section; and

(f) refunds made and releases of securities granted under section three or section four of the principal Act or section one of this Act or in pursuance of an agreement referred to in section three of this Act.

(3) In this section " the appropriate council "—

(a) where the matter in question relates to a street in a borough or urban district, means the council of that borough or district;

(b) where the matter in question relates to a street in a rural district, means the council of the county comprising that district, or, where the council of the rural district are discharging the functions of the county council under the Private Street Works Act, 1892, as agents for the county council, means the council of the rural district.

312

Ch. 33

New Streets , 1951

(Amendment) , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Interest on 5.—(1) Any sum paid by the owner of land to a local authority

sums paid under section one of the principal Act shall, in so far as it continues under principal to heid by the authority, carry simple interest at the appropriate rate from the date of payment until such time as the sum or a part thereof remaining so held—

(a) falls to be set off under section three of that Act against the liability of the owner of the land in respect of the carrying out of street works; or

(b) falls to be refunded in full under the provisions of that Act or of this Act; and the interest shall be held by the authority until that time and dealt with under those provisions as if it formed part of the said

sum:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any sum in so far as it is repaid under an agreement such as is referred to in section three of this Act.

(2) In this section " the appropriate rate " means the rate fixed by the Treasury under section one of the Public Works Loans Act, 1897, in respect of loans to local authorities for periods of ten years; and for the purposes of this Act interest on any sum held by a local authority shall be calculated in respect of each financial year of the authority during which it accrues at the appropriate rate prevailing at the commencement of that financial year.

Miscellaneous 6.—(I) In paragraph (e) of subsection (3) of section one of the

amendments principal Act, for the words " become, sufficiently built up " there of principal shall be substituted the words " be, substantially built up or in so unsatisfactory a condition as ", and at the end of the said subsection (3) the following words shall be inserted:—

" (k) in a case where the local authority, being satisfied—

(i) that more than three-quarters of the aggregate length of all the frontages on both sides of the street, or of a part of the street not less than one hundred yards in length and comprising the whole of the part on which the frontage of the building will be, consists, or is at some future time likely to consist, of the frontages of industrial premises, and

(ii) that their powers under the appropriate private street works code are not likely to be exercised in relation to the street, or to that part thereof, as the case may be, within a reasonable time,

by resolution exempt the street, or that part thereof, from this section.

(4) Where a sum has been paid or secured under this section by the owner of land in relation to a building proposed to be erected thereon, and thereafter a notice

1957

New Streets , 1951

(Amendment) , 1957

Ch. 33

313

is served under the last preceding subsection exempting the building from this section, or a resolution is passed under paragraph (k) of that subsection exempting the street or part of a street on which the building will have a frontage from this section, the local authority shall refund that sum to the person who is for the time being owner of the land or shall release the security, as the case may be.

Where the said sum was paid, and after the payment thereof but before the service of the said notice or the passing of the said resolution, as the case may be, the land in respect of which it was paid was divided in two or more parts each having a frontage on the private street in question, the sum shall be treated for the purposes of this subsection as apportioned between the owners thereof according to their respective frontages."

(2) In section two of the principal Act:—

(a) die following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (3):—

" (3) If, at any time after the service of a notice under subsection (1) of this section, the local authority are of opinion that the sum specified in the notice exceeds such sum as in their opinion would be recoverable as mentioned in the last preceding subsection if they were then to carry out such street works as are so mentioned, or are of opinion that no sum would be so recoverable, they may, by a further notice, served on the person who is for the time being owner of the land on which the building is to be, or has been, erected, substitute a smaller sum for the sum specified in the notice served under the said subsection (1) or, as the case may be, intimate that no sum falls to be paid or secured:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply where a sum has been paid or secured in compliance with a notice served under the said subsection (1) and the case is one in which the local authority have power to make a refund or release under section one of the New Streets Act, 1951 (Amendment) Act, 1957.";

(b) in subsection (4), for the words from the beginning to the words " may appeal " there shall be substituted the words " Where a notice has been served on any person under the preceding provisions of this section (other than a notice intimating that no sum falls to be paid or secured) that person or, if he is a different person, the owner of the land on which the building is to be, or has been, erected, may, not later than one month after the service of the notice, appeal ";

314

Ch. 33

New Streets , 1951

(Amendment) , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(c) the following subsections shall be inserted after subsection (4):—

" (5) Where a sum has been paid or secured in compliance with a notice served under subsection (1) of this section and a notice is subsequently served under subsection (3) thereof substituting a smaller sum for the sum specified in the first-mentioned notice or intimating that no sum falls to be paid or secured, the local authority—

(a) if the sum was paid, shall refund the amount of the excess or, as the case may be, the whole sum to the person who is for the time being owner of the land on which the building is to be, or has been, erected;

(b) if the sum was secured and the person whose property is security for the payment thereof is for the time being owner of that land, shall release the security to the extent of the excess or, as the case may be, the whole security; (c) if the sum was secured and the person whose property is security for the payment thereof is not for the time being owner of that land, shall pay to that owner an amount equal to the excess or, as the case may be, the whole sum, and shall be entitled to realise the security for the purpose of recovering the amount so paid.

Where any land in respect of which a sum has been so paid or secured is subsequently divided in two or more parts so that two or more owners would, if street works were carried out, incur liability in respect thereof, the sum shall be treated as apportioned between those owners according to their respective frontages and, if the sum was secured and the security is the property of one only of those owners, the local authority shah only be required under paragraph (b) hereof to release the security to the extent of the amount apportioned to that owner and shall be entitled to realise the security for the purpose of recovering the amount or amounts paid to the other owner or owners under paragraph (c) hereof.

(6) Where a security is realised for the purpose of recovering an amount paid by a local authority under paragraph (c) of the last preceding subsection, and the sura produced by realising the security exceeds the amount so paid, the amount of the excess shall be held by the authority and dealt with under this Act as if it had been an amount paid under section one thereof on the date on which the security was realised."

1957

New Streets , 1951

(Amendment) , 1957

Ch. 33

315

(3) In section three of the principal Act, the following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (2):—

" (2) Where any refund, release or payment has been made under subsection (5) of the last preceding section or under section one or section three of the New Streets Act, 1951 (Amendment) Act, 1957, the preceding subsection shall have effect as if for references therein to a sum paid or secured there were substituted references to any sum remaining paid or secured."

(4) In section four of the principal Act:—

(a) in paragraph (a) of subsection (2), the words from " together " to " payment " are hereby repealed;

(b) in the second paragraph of subsection (2), the words " (together with any interest thereon) " are hereby repealed;

(c) the following subsection shall be inserted after subsection

(2):-

" (2a) Where any refund, release or payment has been made under subsection (5) of section two of this Act, or under section one or section three of the New Streets Act, 1951 (Amendment) Act, 1957, the last preceding subsection shall have effect as if for references therein to a sum paid and security given there were substituted references to any sum remaining paid and any remaining security respectively." 5 6 7

(5) In section six of the principal Act, the words " and the payment has not been refunded, or the security released or realised, under subsection (4) of section one of this Act, or under section four thereof." shall be inserted at the end of subsection (1).

(6) In section eight of the principal Act after the words " that is to say:—" there shall be inserted the words "section two hundred and seventy-seven (power of councils to require information as to ownership of premises) ".

(7) In section nine of the principal Act:—

(a) at the end of subsection (2) there shall be inserted the words " or in any contributory place (within the meaning of the Public Health Act, 1936) within any such rural district’*;

(b) in subsection (3) after the words " rural district " in the first place where those words occur, there shall be inserted the words " or in any contributory place within a rural district";

(c) the following subsection shall be inserted after subsection

(4):-

"(4a) Where this Act is in force in any area by virtue of an order made under this section, references

316

Ch. 33

New Streets , 1951

(Amendment) Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Interpretation.

Citation, construction and commencement.

in this Act to the commencement thereof shall be construed, in relation to that area, as references to the coming into operation of the order *\

(8) In subsection (1) of section ten of the principal Act:—

(a) after the definitions of " building byelaws " and " owner " there shall be inserted the following definition—

"4 industrial premises ’ means premises used or designed or suitable for use for the carrying on of any industrial process within the meaninjg of the Distribution of Industry Act, 1945, and includes premises used for purposes ancillary to the carrying on of any such process; 99;

(b) there shall be added at the end of the definition of "private street " the following words:—

" and also includes, for the purpose of the application of this Act in relation to any building, any land shown as a proposed street on plans deposited with respect to that building either under building byelaws or on an application for planning permission under the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947. ".

7. In this Act "the principal Act" means the New Streets Act, 1951.

8. —(1) This Act may be cited as the New Streets Act, 1951 (Amendment) Act, 1957.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act and section nine of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953; and this Act and the said section nine may be cited together with the principal Act as the New Streets Acts, 1951 to 1957.

(3) This Act shall come into force on the expiration of three months beginning with the date of its passing.

COO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Public Health Act, 1875 Private Street Works Act, 1892 Public Works Loans Act, 1897 Land Charges Act, 1925 Public Health Act, 1936 Distribution of Industry Act, 1945 Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 New Streets Act, 1951 Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 57. 60 & 61 Vict. c. 51. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 22. 26 Geo. 5. &1 Edw. 8.C.49. 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 36. 10 All Geo. 6. c. 51. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 40. 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

1957 National Health Service Ch. 34 317

Contributions Act, 1957

CHAPTER 34

National Health Service Contributions Act, 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Contributions to national health service.

2. Consequential reduction of national insurance contributions.

3. Supplementary provisions.

4. Financial provisions.

5. Corresponding legislation in Northern Ireland.

6. Interpretation.

7. Short title, citation and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Rates of national health service contributions.

Second Schedule—Reduction of national insurance contributions.

Third Schedule—Provisions to be substituted in First Schedule to National Insurance Act, 1946.

An Act to make provision for requiring persons who pay, or are liable to pay, contributions under the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1956, to pay contributions towards the cost of the national health service, and, in consequence thereof, to reduce the rates of contributions under those Acts, and to discontinue the making of payments out of the National Insurance Fund in respect of the national health service under section thirty-seven of the National Insurance Act, 1946; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[17th July, 1957]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards providing such sums as may be required for the national health service in England and Wales, and in Scotland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the contributions hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) As from the appointed day, every person who, either Contributions as an insured person or as an employer, pays, or is liable to pay, J^j^,ona contributions under the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1956 (in this Act referred to as "the National Insurance Acts"), shall be liable, in accordance with the following provisions of this section, to pay contributions which shall be known, and are hereafter referred to in this Act, as national health service contributions.

318

Ch. 34

National Health Service

Contributions , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

10All Geo.6 c. 27.

Consequential reduction of national insurance contributions.

(2) Every person who, in respect of any contribution week beginning on or after the appointed day, pays, or is liable to pay, a contribution under the National Insurance Acts as a person of a description specified in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act, otherwise than in paragraph 4 of that Schedule, shall, in respect of that week, be liable to pay a national health service contribution at the rate specified in relation to that description in the second column of that Schedule.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every person who, in respect of any contribution week beginning on or after the appointed day, is liable to pay an employer’s contribution under the National Insurance Acts in respect of any person shall, in respect of that week, be liable to pay in respect of that person a national health service contribution at the rate specified in the second column of paragraph 4 of the First Schedule to this Act.

(4) National health service contributions shall be paid to the Minister of Pensions and National Insurance, but, as between that Minister and the Minister of Health and the Secretary of State, shall, subject to the following provisions of this Act, be taken to be so paid for the benefit of the Minister of Health, towards the cost of the national health service in England and Wales, and of the Secretary of State, towards the cost of the national health service in Scotland, in such shares as the Treasury may determine.

(5) All sums received by virtue of this Act by the Minister of Health shall be treated as sums received by him under the National Health Service Act, 1946, otherwise than as sums required to be transferred to the Hospital Endowments Fund; and all sums received by virtue of this Act by the Secretary of State shall be treated as sums received by him under the National Health

' Service (Scotland) Act, 1947.

2.—(1) The application of national health service contributions in accordance with subsections (4) and (5) of the preceding section shall be in substitution for the making, out of the National Insurance Fund, of payments in respect of the cost of the national health service under section thirty-seven of the Act of 1946; and the payment of national health service contributions shall be in substitution for the payment of so much of the contributions under the National Insurance Acts as (apart from this Act) would have been required for enabling the payments under the said section thirty-seven to be made.

(2) In accordance with the preceding subsection—

(a) no payments shall be made under section thirty-seven of the Act of 1946 in respect of any period ending on or after the appointed day, and (except in relation to

1957 National Health Service Ch. 34 319

Contributions Act, 1957

the making of any payment in respect of a period ending before that day) that section, and the Fourth Schedule to the Act of 1946, shall cease to have effect on that day; and

(b) the weekly rates of contributions payable under the National Insurance Acts shall be reduced in accordance with the next following subsection.

(3) As from the appointed day, the weekly rates of contributions payable under the National Insurance Acts—

(a) by persons of the descriptions specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act, otherwise than in paragraph 4 of that Schedule, and

(b) by employers in respect of employed persons,

shall be reduced by the amounts specified in relation , to those descriptions respectively, and in relation to employers, in the second column of that Schedule; and accordingly, as from the appointed day, the provisions contained in the Third Schedule to this Act shall be substituted for the provisions contained in Parts I to IV of the First Schedule to the Act of 1946 (which specify the weekly rates of contributions payable by insured persons and employers).

(4) References in this section to the weekly rates of contributions payable under the National Insurance Acts are references to those rates apart from any modifications thereof by virtue of any regulations made under those Acts.

3.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Supplementary all the provisions of the National Insurance Acts, except subsection provisions.

(1) of section thirty-five of the Act of 1946 (which provides that contributions shall be paid into the National Insurance Fund), shall have effect (for the purposes of those Acts as well as for the purposes of this Act)—

(a) in relation to a person who is liable as an insured person to pay a national health service contribution for a contribution week, as if that contribution, and the contribution paid or payable by him for that week under the National Insurance Acts, together constituted one combined contribution payable by him under those Acts for that week, and

(b) in relation to a person who is liable as an employer to pay a national health service contribution in respect of a person for a contribution week, as if that contribution, and the contribution payable by him for that week under the National Insurance Acts in respect of that person, together constituted one combined contribution payable by him under those Acts in respect of that person for that week,

320

Ch. 34

National Health Service

Contributions , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

and (in either case) as if the whole of the combined contribution in question were payable into the National Insurance Fund.

(2) Except in so far as may be otherwise provided by any Order in Council or regulations made under the National Insurance Acts after the passing of this Act, the preceding subsection shall apply in relation to Orders in Council and regulations made under those Acts, whether before or after the passing of this Act, as it applies in relation to the provisions of those Acts other than subsection (1) of the said section thirty-five.

(3) Nothing in the preceding provisions of this section shall be construed—

(a) as excepting any person who pays, or is liable to pay, contributions under the National Insurance Acts, or as conferring any power to except any such person, from liability to pay national health service contributions; or

(b) as conferring any power to modify the rates of national health service contributions in relation to any class of persons.

(4) References in any enactment, other than the National Insurance Acts and the enactments relating to income tax, to contributions under those Acts, or to sums due to or payable into the National Insurance Fund, shall be construed as including references to national health service contributions.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, where a person has paid in error—

(a) contributions under the National Insurance Acts, and

(b) national health service contributions,

and he or any other person has received any benefit under those Acts which, under any provision of those Acts or of regulations made thereunder, may be deducted from any repayment of the contributions paid in error under those Acts, nothing in those Acts or regulations shall be construed as authorising that benefit to be deducted from any repayment of the national health service contributions paid in error. 6

(6) This Act binds the Crown, and accordingly section fifty-six of the Act of 1946 (which relates to persons employed by or under the Crown), and section fifty-seven of that Act (which relates to members of Her Majesty’s forces), and any Order in Council or regulations made under either of those sections, shall have effect in accordance with the preceding provisions of this section.

1957

National Health Service

Contributions Act, 1957

Ch. 34

(7) The Minister of Health and the Secretary of State may jointly make regulations specifying a class of masters or members of the crews of foreign-going ships (as defined by the regulations) and either—

(a) excepting employers from liability to pay national health service contributions in respect of persons of that class, or

(b) reducing, to such extent as may be specified in the regulations, die rates of national health service contributions payable by employers in respect of persons of that class;

and different provision may be made by regulations under this subsection in respect of different classes of persons.

(8) The power to make regulations under the last preceding subsection shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and any instrument containing any such regulations shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

4.—(1) The Minister of Pensions and National Insurance Financial shall, out of the moneys received by him on account of national provisions, health service contributions, retain such sums as the Treasury may from time to time determine in respect of his expenses attributable to the collection and application of the contributions; and all sums so retained by him shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(2) The Minister of Pensions and National Insurance shall account to the Minister of Health and the Secretary of State for such sums as the Minister of Pensions and National Insurance may from time to time estimate, in such manner as the Treasury may direct, to represent the shares of national health service contributions apportioned to them respectively in accordance with subsection (4) of section one of this Act, subject to the deduction from each of those shares of the proportion attributable thereto of the sums retained by the Minister of Pensions and National Insurance under the last preceding subsection; and the Minister of Pensions and National Insurance shall pay to the Minister of Health and the Secretary of State, at such times as the Treasury may direct, the sums for which he is required to account to them in accordance with this subsection.

(3) Any administrative expenses incurred under this Act by the Minister of Pensions and National Insurance, the Minister of Health or the Secretary of State shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) Where in accordance with the provisions of—

(a) section sixty-three of the Act of 1946 (which relates to reciprocal arrangements with Northern Ireland) or any regulations made under that section, or

L

322

Ch. 34

National Health Service

Contributions , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Z>) any such agreement as is mentioned in section sixty-four of that Act (which relates to reciprocal agreements with other parts of Her Majesty’s dominions, or with foreign countries), being an agreement relating to the Isle of Man, or any Order in Council made for the purpose of giving effect to such an agreement,

financial adjustments are made in respect of any class of persons to which this subsection applies, as being persons who pay contributions under the National Insurance Acts but who are to be treated as belonging to Northern Ireland or the Isle of Man, as the case may be, die Minister of Health shall, out of moneys provided by Parliament, pay to the appropriate authority or fund such sums as may be attributable to national health service contributions in respect of that class of persons.

(5) The last preceding subsection applies to the following classes of persons, that is to say,—

(a) members of any of Her Majesty’s forces;

(b) masters and members of the crews of foreign-going ships,

as defined for the time being by regulations made under the Act of 1946 as mentioned in section fifty-eight of that Act;

(c) any class of persons constituting a part of the class

specified in either of the preceding paragraphs.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (4) of this section, the sums attributable to national health service contributions in respect of any class of persons shall be taken to be such sums as may from time to time be estimated, in such manner as the Treasury may direct, to represent the amounts received by the Minister of Pensions and National Insurance on account of national health service contributions paid by or in respect of persons of that class, reduced by that Minister’s expenses attributable to the collection and application of those contributions.

(7) In this section " the appropriate authority or fund "—

(a) where the financial adjustments in question relate to Northern Ireland, means the Exchequer of Northern Ireland;

(b) where the financial adjustments in question relate to the

Isle of Man, means such authority or fund as may be designated by the Lieutenant-Governor or Deputy Lieutenant-Governor of the Isle of Man.

Corresponding legislation in Northern Ireland.

5.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, no limitation or restriction imposed by virtue of any enactment on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall preclude that Parliament from passing legislation for purposes similar to the purposes of any of the provisions of this Act.

1957

National Health Service

Contributions , 1957

Ch. 34

325

(2) Nothing in this section shall authorise the Parliament of Northern Ireland to require any contribution to be paid by or in respect of any person in respect of his service or employment as a member of any of Her Majesty’s forces.

6. —(1) In this Act " the Act of 1946 " means the National Insurance Act, 1946, "the appointed day" means such day as the Minister of Health and the Secretary of State may jointly appoint by order made by statutory instrument, and " Her Majesty’s forces " includes any such organisation as is mentioned in subsection (4) of section fifty-seven of the Act of 1946 (which relates to certain organisations under the control of the Admiralty, the Army Council or the Air Council).

(2) Subject to the preceding subsection, expressions used in this Act and in the National Insurance Acts have the same meanings in this Act as in those Acts.

(3) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

7. —(1) This Act may be cited as the National Health Service Contributions Act, 1957.

(2) Sections two and three of this Act, and the Second and Third Schedules thereto, and the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1956, may be cited together as the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1957.

(3) Without prejudice to the operation, in relation to any matters arising out of this Act, of any provisions of the National Insurance Acts relating to Northern Ireland, this Act, except sections five and six thereof, shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Interpretation. 9 & 10 Geo. 6.

c. 67.

Short title, citation and extent.

324

Section 1.

Sections 2, 7.

Ch. 34 National Health Service 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Contributions , 1957

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Rates of National Health Service Contributions

Description of person

Weekly rate of contribution

s. .

1. Employed men between the ages of 18 and 70, not

including men over the age of 65 who have retired from regular employment 1

2. Employed women between the ages of 18 and 65, not including women over the age of 60 who have

retired from regular employment 1 0£

3. Employed boys and girls under the age of 18 ... 8|

4. Employers 3$

5. Self-employed men between the ages of 18 and 70, not including men over the age of 65 who have

retired from regular employment 1 8

6. Self-employed women between the ages of 18 and 65, not including women over the age of 60 who

have retired from regular employment 14

7. Self-employed boys and girls under the age of 18 ... 1 0

8. Non-employed men between the ages of 18 and 65 18

9. Non-employed women between the ages of 18 and

60 1 4

10. Non-employed boys and girls under the age of 18 10

SECOND SCHEDULE

Reduction of National Insurance Contributions

Reduction of Description of person weekly rate

of contribution

1. Employed men between the ages of 18 and 70, not including men over the age of 65 who have retired

from regular employment 8$.

2. Employed women between the ages of 18 and 65, not including women over the age of 60 who have

retired from regular employment 6$.

3. Employed boys and girls under the age of 18 ... 4|.

4. Employers l|.

5. Self-employed men between the ages of 18 and 70, not including men over the age of 65 who have

retired from regular employment lOd.

6. Self-employed women between the ages of 18 and 65, not including women over the age of 60 who

have retired from regular employment 8d.

7. Self-employed boys and girls under the age of 18 6d.

8. Non-employed men between the ages of 18 and 65 lOd.

9. Non-employed women between the ages of 18 and

60 8d.

10. Non-omployed boys and girls under the age of 18... 6d.

1957 National Health Service Ch. 34

Contributions , 1957

THIRD SCHEDULE

Provisions to be substituted in First Schedule to National Insurance Act, 1946

Contribution Rates Part I Employed Persons

Description of employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

Men between the ages of 18 and 70 (not including men s. .

over the age of 65 who have retired from regular employment)— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 60s 5 71

Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 60s. or less 2 111

Women between the ages of 18 and 65 (not including women over the age of 60 who have retired from regular employment)— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 60s 4 81

Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 60s. or less 2 61

Boys under the age of 18 3 31

Girls under the age of 18 2 81

For the purposes of this Part and Part II of this Schedule a person shall be deemed to be earning remuneration at a weekly rate of sixty shillings or less if, but only if, his remuneration does not include the provision of board and lodging by the employer and the rate of the remuneration neither exceeds nor is deemed in accordance with regulations made under subsection (5) of section seventy-eight of this Act to exceed sixty shillings a week, and to be earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding sixty shillings in any other case.

325

Sections 2,7.

Ch. 34 National Health Service Contributions , 1957 Part II Employers 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Description of employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

s. .

Men over the age of 18— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 60s. or not being liable to pay a contribution as an employed person Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 60s. or less and being liable to pay a contribution as an 5 4*

employed person 8 0*

Women over the age of 18— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 60s. or not being liable to pay a contribution as an employed person Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 60s. or less and being liable to pay a contribution as an 4 5*

employed person 4 7*

Boys under the age of 18 3 1*

Girls under the age of 18 2 6*

For the purpose of this Part of this Schedule a person over pensionable age, not being an insured person, shall be treated as an employed person if he would be an insured person were he under pensionable age and would be an employed person were he an insured person.

Part III Self-Employed Persons

Description of self-employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

s. .

Men between the ages of 18 and 70 (not including men over the age of 65 who have retired from regular employment) 7 7

Women between the ages of 18 and 65 (not including women over the age of 60 who have retired from regular employment) 6 6

Boys under the age of 18 4 4 \

Girls under the age of 18 3 9

1957

National Health Service

Contributions , 1957

Ch. 34, 35

327

Part IV 3rd

Non-Employed Persons —ccmt.

Description of non-employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

s. .

Men between the ages of 18 and 65 5 8

Women between the ages of 18 and 60 4 6

Boys under the age of 18 3 3

Giris under the age of 18 2 7

CHAPTER 35

An Act to make provision with respect to the validity and alteration by the court of financial arrangements in connection with agreements between the parties to a marriage, whether made during the continuance or after the dissolution or annulment of the marriage, for the purposes of those parties’ living separately; and for purposes connected therewith.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and {with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) This section applies to any agreement in writing made, Validity . whether before or after the commencement of this Act, between alteration the parties to a marriage for the purposes of their living separately, by court of being— maintenance

(a) an agreement containing financial arrangements, whether agreements* made during the continuance or after the dissolution or annulment of the marriage; or (b) a separation agreement which contains no financial arrangements in a case where no other agreement in writing between the same parties contains such arrangements.

(2) If an agreement to which this section applies includes a provision purporting to restrict any right to apply to a court for an order containing financial arrangements, that provision shall be void but any other financial arrangements contained in the agreement shall not thereby be rendered void or unenforceable

Ch. 35 Maintenance Agreements 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

but, unless void or unenforceable for any other reason, and subject to the next following subsection, shall be binding on the parties to the agreement:

Provided that—

(a) where the party chargeable under the agreement has died before the date of the commencement of this Act—

(i) this subsection shall not apply to that agreement unless there remain undistributed at that date assets of that party’s estate (apart from any property in which he had only a life interest) representing not less than four-fifths of the value of that estate for probate after providing for the discharge of the funeral, testamentary and administrative expenses, debts and liabilities payable thereout (other than any liability arising by virtue of this subsection); and

(ii) nothing in this subsection shall render liable to recovery, or impose any liability upon the personal representatives of that party in respect of, any part of that party’s estate which has been distributed before that date;

(b) no right or liability shall attach by virtue of this subsection in respect of any sum payable under the agreement in respect of a period falling before the commencement of this Act.

(3) Where an agreement to which this section applies is for the time being subsisting and the parties thereto are for the time being either both domiciled or both resident in England, and on an application by either party the High Court or, subject to the next following subsection, a magistrates' court is satisfied either—

(a) that by reason of a change in the circumstances in the light of which any financial arrangements contained in the agreement were made or, as the case may be, financial arrangements were omitted therefrom, the agreement should be altered so as to make different, or, as the case may be, so as to contain, financial arrangements; or

(b) that the agreement does not contain proper financial arrangements with respect to any child of the marriage,

the court may by order make such alterations in the agreement by varying or revoking any financial arrangements contained therein or by inserting therein financial arrangements for the benefit of one of the parties to the agreement or of a child of the marriage as may appear to the court to be just having regard to all the circumstances or, as the case may be, as may appear to the court to be just in all the circumstances in order to secure that the agreement contains proper financial arrangements with

1957

Maintenance Agreements

Act, 1957

Ch. 35

329

respect to any child of the marriage; and the agreement shall have effect thereafter as if any alteration made by the order had been made by agreement between the parties and for valuable consideration:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to an agreement made more than six months after the dissolution or annulment of the marriage.

(4) A magistrates’ court shall not entertain any application under the last foregoing subsection unless both the parties to the agreement are resident in England and at least one of the parties is resident in the petty sessions area for which that court acts, and shall not have power to make any order on such an application except—

(a) in a case where the agreement includes no provision for

periodical payments by either of the parties, an order inserting provision for the making by one of the parties of periodical payments—

(i) for the maintenance of the other party, at a rate not exceeding five pounds a week;

(ii) for the maintenance of any child of the marriage at a rate not exceeding thirty shillings a week in respect of each such child;

(b) in a case where the agreement includes provision for the

making by one of the parties of periodical payments at rates not exceeding those aforesaid, an order increasing to such higher rate not exceeding the appropriate rate aforesaid, or reducing the rate of, or terminating, any of those payments.

(5) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in this section affects any power of the court before which any proceedings between the parties to an agreement to which this section applies are brought under any other enactment to make an order containing financial arrangements or any right of either party to apply for such an order in such proceedings.

(6) In this section—

(a) the expression 44 financial arrangements " means provisions governing the rights and liabilities towards one another when living separately of the parties to a marriage (including a marriage which has been dissolved or annulled) in respect of the making or securing of payments or the disposition or use of any property, including such rights and liabilities with respect to the maintenance or education of any child, whether or not a child of the marriage;

(b) the expression "child of the marriage" includes any child of both parties to the marriage, whether or not born in lawful wedlock, and any child adopted by both parties to the marriage; and

L*

﻿330

Ch. 35

Maintenance Agreements Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

15 &16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

Alteration of maintenance agreement after death of one party.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49.

Short title, commencement and extent.

(c) the expressions " magistrates* court * and " petty sessions area’* have the same meanings as in the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952.

2. —(1) Where an agreement to which the foregoing section applies provides for the continuation of payments thereunder after the death of one of the parties and that party dies after the commencement of this Act domiciled in England, the surviving party may, at any time before the expiration of six months from the date when representation in regard to the deceased’s estate is first taken out or, with the permission of the court, at any time thereafter before the administration and distribution of the estate is completed, make to the High Court any application for an order under subsection (3) of the foregoing section which the surviving party might have made immediately before the death; and, if any alteration in the agreement is made by the court on such an application, the like consequences shall ensue as if that alteration had been made immediately before the death by agreement between the parties and for valuable consideration.

(2) The provisions of this section shall not render the personal representatives of the deceased liable for having distributed any part of the estate of the deceased after the expiration of the said period of six months on the ground that they ought to have taken into account the possibility that the court might permit an application by virtue of this section after that period, but this subsection shall not prejudice any power to recover any part of the estate so distributed arising by virtue of the making of an order under this Act.

(3) In considering under subsection (1) of this section the question when representation was first taken out, a grant limited to settled land or to trust property shall be left out of account, and a grant limited to real estate or to personal estate shall be left out of account unless a grant limited to the remainder of the estate has previously been made or is made at the same time.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-two of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which relates to the discretion of the court as to the persons to whom administration is to be granted) a person by whom an application under this Act is proposed to be made by virtue of this section shall be deemed to be a person interested in the deceased’s estate.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Maintenance Agreements Act, 1957.

(2) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of the period of one month beginning with the date of its passing.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

1957

Cheques Acf, 1957

Ch. 36

331

CHAPTER 36

Cheques A, 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Protection of bankers paying unindorsed or irregularly indorsed

cheques, &c.

2. Rights of bankers collecting cheques not indorsed by holders.

3. Unindorsed cheques as evidence of payment.

4. Protection of bankers collecting payment of cheques. Ac.

5. Application of certain provisions of Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, to

instruments not being bills of exchange.

6. Construction, saving and repeal.

7. Provisions as to Northern Ireland.

8. Short title and commencement.

Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to amend the law relating to cheques and certain other instruments.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where a banker in good faith and in the ordinary course ^fc^ers

of business pays a cheque drawn on him which is not indorsed or paying

is irregularly indorsed, he does not, in doing so, incur any liability unindorsed

by reason only of the absence of, or irregularity in, indorsement, or irregularly

and he is deemed to have paid it in due course. indorsed

cheques, &c.

(2) Where a banker in good faith and in the ordinary course of business pays any such instrument as the following, namely,--*

(a) a document issued by a customer of his which, though not a bill of exchange, is intended to enable a person to obtain payment from him of the sum mentioned in the document;

(b) a draft payable on demand drawn by him upon himself, whether payable at the head office or some other office of his bank;

he does not, in doing so, incur any liability by reason only of the absence of, or irregularity in, indorsement, and the payment discharges the instrument.

2. A banker who gives value for, or has a lien on, a cheque Rights of payable to order which the holder delivers to him for collection bankers without indorsing it, has such (if any) rights as he would have cheques not had if, upon delivery, the holder had indorsed it in blank. indorsed

L* 2 by holders.

332

Ch. 36

Cheques Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Unindorsed cheques as evidence of payment.

Protection of bankers collecting payment of cheques.

Application of certain provisions of Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, to instruments not being bills of exchange. 45 & 46 Vict, c. 61.

Construction, saving and repeal.

3. An unindorsed cheque which appears to have been paid by the banker on whom it is drawn is evidence of the receipt by the payee of the sum payable by the cheque.

4. —(1) Where a banker, in good faith and without negligence,—

(a) receives payment for a customer of an instrument to which this section applies; or

(b) having credited a customer’s account with the amount

of such an instrument, receives payment thereof for himself;

and the customer has no title, or a defective tide, to the instrument, the banker does not incur any liability to the true owner of the instrument by reason only of having received payment thereof.

(2) This section applies to the following instruments, namely,—

(a) cheques;

(b) any document issued by a customer of a banker which,

though not a bill of exchange, is intended to enable a person to obtain payment from that banker of the sum mentioned in the document;

(c) any document issued by a public officer which is intended

to enable a person to obtain payment from the Paymaster • General or the Queen’s and Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer of the sum mentioned in the document but is not a bill of exchange;

() any draft payable on demand drawn by a banker upon himself, whether payable at the head office or some other office of his bank.

(3) A banker is not to be treated for the purposes of this section as having been negligent by reason only of his failure to concern himself with absence of, or irregularity in, indorsement of an instrument.

5. The provisions of the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, relating to crossed cheques shall, so far as applicable, have effect in relation to instruments (other than cheques) to which the last foregoing section applies as they have effect in relation to cheques.

6.—(1) This Act shall be construed as one with the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this Act do not make negotiable any instrument which, apart from them, is not negotiable.

1957

Cheques A, 1957

Ch. 36,37

333

(3) The enactments mentioned in the first and second columns of the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

7. This Act extends to Northern Ireland, but, for the purposes Provisions as to of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, so much of Northern

the provisions of this Act as relates to, or affects, instruments Ireland, other than negotiable instruments shall be deemed to be provisions 10&H °eo’ 5. of an Act passed before the appointed day within the meaning of c*67' that section.

8. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Cheques Act, 1957. Short title

(2) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of a ^mmenoe-period of three months beginning with the day on which it is ment. passed.

SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Section 6.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

45 & 46 Vict, c. 61. The Bills of Exchange Act, 1882. Section eighty-two.

46 & 47 Vict c. 55. The Revenue Act, 1883. Section seventeen.

6 Edw. 7. c. 17. The Bills of Exchange (Crossed Cheques) Act, 1906. The whole Act.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 44. The Bills of Exchange Act (1882) Amendment Act 1932. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 37

Superannuation , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Gratuities for persons serving in unestablished or part-time capacities

in the civil service.

2. Transfer to the civil service of the State.

3. Temporary service with Imperial War Graves Commission before

October, 1934.

4. Expenses.

5. Short title, construction and repeals.

Superannuation Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

334

Ch. 37

An Act to make further provision as to gratuities payable in respect of persons employed in the civil service of the State otherwise than in an established capacity and as to the application of the Superannuation Acts to persons entering the civil service of the State after having been in other employment.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Gratuities for persons serving in unestablished or part-time capacities in the civil service.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 44.

1.—(1) In subsections (1) and ‘(2) of section thirty-nine of the Superannuation Act, 1949 (which authorise the Treasury to grant a gratuity to a person who, having served in an unestablished capacity in the civil service for seven years or more, dies or retires while still in his employment or is removed from his employment),—

(a) for the references to seven years there shall be substituted

references to five years, and

(b) the provisions prescribing the amount of the gratuity which may be granted shall cease to have effect,

and in that section, after subsection (2), there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (2A) The rate at which a gratuity may be granted under either of the foregoing subsections shall be—

(a) for each year of service in the employment, up to five years, one week’s pay,

(b) for each year of such service in excess of five years and up to ten years, two weeks* pay, and

(c) for each year of such service in excess of ten years, four weeks’ pay:

Provided that the total amount of the gratuity shall not exceed the amount of one year’s pay."

(2) In subsection (5) of section forty-one of the Superannuation Act, 1949 (which provides that for the purposes of the said section thirty-nine a person who, as a direct result of injury sustained or disease contracted in the discharge of his duty, dies with less than seven years’ service in an unestablished capacity shall be deemed to have had seven years’ such service), for the references to seven years there shall be substituted references to five years.

(3) This section shall have effect as respects a gratuity granted under the said section thirty-nine or under section forty of the said Act (which applies the provisions of the said section thirty-nine in relation to persons serving in a part-time capacity) in a

1957

Superannuation , 1957

Ch. 37

335

case where the death, retirement or removal took place on or after the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

2. —(1) Where, in connection with the provision of a new Transfer to Government service or the extension of an existing Government service, persons have been taken into the civil service of the State or

after having been employed by a body or organisation—

(a) which had as its object, or one of its objects, the provision of services similar to the said Government service, and

(b) the income of which was wholly or partly derived from moneys provided by Parliament,

and in the opinion of the Treasury their employment by that body or organisation was of the same nature and for the same purpose as their employment in the service of the State, the Treasury may by rules contained in a statutory instrument provide for service in employment by that body or organisation being reckoned, in such manner and to such extent as may be specified in the rules, as service to the State for the purposes of the Superannuation Acts and modify in other respects the provisions of those Acts as they apply in relation to those persons.

(2) Rules under this section may, in relation to persons who had acquired or were in the course of acquiring pension rights in respect of their employment by any such body or organisation, in particular provide for making it a condition of obtaining benefits under the Superannuation Acts—

(a) that any contributions made by a person in order to obtain any such pension rights, being contributions refunded to him on the termination of the employment, shall be paid to the Exchequer, and

(b) that payments are to be made by the body or organisation

to the Exchequer in respect of those persons.

(3) This section shall not apply in relation to employment of any of the kinds specified in subsection (1) of section three or subsection (1) of section four of the Superannuation (Miscel- n &i2Gco.6. laneous Provisions) Act, 1948 (which makes special provision c. 33.

for certain classes of persons transferred to the service of the State), but, subject to that, this section shall apply whether or not the time at which the persons concerned were taken into the service of the State is a time after the passing of this Act.

(4) A statutory instrument containing rules under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

3. —(1) Where at some time before the thirtieth day of Temporary September, nineteen hundred and thirty-four, a person enteral the

civil service of the State, after having served in a temporary warGraves capacity with the Imperial War Graves Commission, his service commission in a temporary capacity with that Commission before that time, before October,

336

Ch. 37

Superannuation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

25 & 26 Geo. 6 c. 23.

9 Edw. 7. c. 10.

Expense*.

Short title, construction and repeals.

but not before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and nineteen, may, subject to the provisions of this section, be reckoned for the purposes of the Superannuation Acts as employment in an unestablished capacity within the meaning of section three of the Superannuation Act, 1935.

(2) Where the said Commission paid a gratuity to a person to whom the foregoing subsection applies in respect of his service with the Commission, it shall be a condition of the making of any payment under the Superannuation Acts in respect of that person’s service, so far as the amount of that payment is dependent on the provisions of the foregoing subsection, that there has been paid to the Exchequer a sum equal to the amount of the said gratuity.

(3) The Treasury may, if they think fit, deduct any amount payable to them under the last foregoing subsection from any allowance or gratuity payable in respect of the person in question under subsection (2) of section one or section two of the Superannuation Act, 1909, or any other lump sum payment so payable under the Superannuation Acts, and, where they do so, the person entitled to the lump sum payment shall not be entitled to require any other person to make any contribution towards the deduction borne by him.

(4) This section shall not have effect so as to authorise an increase in an annual superannuation allowance or pension so far as the allowance or pension is payable in respect of a period before the passing of this Act.

4. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums which, under any enactment, are payable out of moneys so provided.

5. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Superannuation Act, 1957, and shall be construed as one with the Superannuation Acts.

(2) In this Act—

" pension right " includes all forms of right to or eligibility for present or future payments of a pension, lump sum or gratuity;

" Superannuation Acts " means the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1950, and any Act amending those Acts.

(3) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment.

(4) In section thirty-nine of the Superannuation Act, 1949, in subsections (1) and (2) the words from " at the rate of" to the end of the subsection shall be repealed.

337

1957 Housing and Town Development Ch. 38

(Scotland) A, 1957

CHAPTER 38

Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act, 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Exchequer and Local Authority Contributions

Exchequer contributions to local authorities and development corporations

Section

I. Approved houses for the purpose of Exchequer contributions under Part I.

1 Exchequer contributions in respect of approved houses.

3. Additional Exchequer contributions in respect of approved houses in

certain blocks of flats.

4. Additional Exchequer contributions in respect of approved houses in

remote areas.

Contributions by local authorities

5. Termination of local authorities* obligation to make certain contribu-

tions, and power to carry other sums to credit of housing revenue accounts.

General

6. Modifications of principal Act relating to Part I.

7. Interpretation of Part I.

Part II

Provision of Housing Accommodation and Associated Town Development in relief of over-populated Districts

Exporting and receiving authorities

8. Exporting and receiving authorities.

Overspill Agreements

9. Overspill agreements.

Town Development schemes

10. Town development schemes.

11. Provision of water supplies and sewerage services under town develop-

ment schemes.

12. Allocation of expenditure on water supplies and sewerage services under

town development schemes.

13. Powers as to acquisition and use of land for the purposes of town

development schemes.

14. Exchequer contributions towards receiving authorities’ expenses under

town development schemes.

General

15. Extension of powers for the purposes of overspill agreements or town

development schemes.

16. Provision for failure to carry out duties under overspill agreements

or town development schemes.

17. Modification of s. 18 (5) of 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 33 in relation to exporting

authorities.

18. Saving for necessity to obtain planning permission for development

for the purposes of Part II.

19. Interpretation of Part II.

338

Ch. 38

Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1957

Part III

Miscellaneous Modifications of Principal act Section

20. Payments in respect of unfit but well-maintained houses.

21. Registers of rents of dwellings provided or improved with the assistance

of improvement grants.

22. Special procedure for completion of compulsory acquisition of land

under certain provisions.

23. Grants and advances to Scottish Special Housing Association.

24. Minor modifications of principal Act.

Part IV

Miscellaneous and Supplemental

25. Extension of s. 19 of 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 33.

26. Financial provisions.

27. Interpretation.

28. Citation, repeals and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Modifications to Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950 (14 Geo. 6. c. 34).

Second Schedule—Town Development Schemes.

Third Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to make new provision with respect to contributions out of the Exchequer and by local authorities in respect of housing accommodation provided or improved in Scotland; to enable Scottish local authorities to provide housing accommodation and other development in relief of the needs of districts other than their own; to make additional provision as respects Scotland for the making of payments in respect of unfit houses which have been well maintained, to provide as respects Scotland for the making and keeping by local authorities of registers of maximum rents of dwellings in respect of which improvement grants have been made, and for the simplifying of the procedure for the completion of the compulsory acquisition of land under certain enactments relating to housing; to amend certain provisions of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950; to extend section nineteen of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1957

Housing and Town Development

(Scotland) , 1957

Ch. 38

339

Part I

Exchequer and Local Authority Contributions Exchequer contributions to local authorities and development corporations

1.—(1) The provisions of this and the three next following sections shall have effect for the purpose of the payment of Exchequer contributions in respect of each new house completed after the commencement of this Act—

(a) by a local authority in the exercise of their power to

provide housing accommodation, or by a development corporation otherwise than in pursuance of authorised arrangements, and in respect of which the proposals aftermentioned, accompanied by such information as is required by the Secretary of State as to the estimated cost of erection of the house, were or are received by the Secretary of State on or after the first day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, or

(b) by a housing association in pursuance of authorised

arrangements made on or after the said first day of August,

by way of housing accommodation provided in accordance with proposals approved by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this Part of this Act:

Provided that if the Secretary of State is satisfied that the substantial effect of any authorised arrangements made as mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection had been agreed upon between the parties before the said first day of August those arrangements shall be deemed for the purposes of this subsection to have been made before that day.

(2) References in this Part of this Act to an approved house are references to a new house which is provided in accordance with the foregoing subsection.

(3) Any Exchequer contribution payable under this Part of this Act or under section eighty-seven of the principal Act as read with this Part of this Act—

(a) in respect of an approved house such as is mentioned

in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section shall be paid to the local authority or, as the case may be, to the development corporation;

(b) in respect of an approved house such as is mentioned

in paragraph (b) of that subsection shall be paid to the local authority, who shall pay to the housing association by way of annual grant an amount not less than the Exchequer contribution.

(4) No contribution shall be payable under subsection (1), (2),

(3), (4) or (5) of section eighty-four of the principal Act in respect of any house which is, or, if the Secretary of State had approved or were to approve the relevant proposals, would be, an approved house.

Approved houses for the purpose of Exchequer contributions under Part I.

340

Part I —corn. Exchequer contributions in respect of approved houses.

Ch. 38 Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1957

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Secretary of State shall undertake to pay, and pay, in respect of each completed approved house, an annual Exchequer contribution for a period of sixty years.

(2) An annual Exchequer contribution payable under this section shall be—

(a) in respect of each house provided by a local authority

other than a house such as is mentioned in paragraphs

(b) to (e) of this subsection, twenty-four pounds;

(b) in respect of each house provided by a local authority in

accordance with arrangements made with the approval of the Secretary of State as being desirable by reason of special circumstances for the provision of housing accommodation in any area for persons coming to that area in order to meet the urgent needs of industry, and so coming wholly, or, in the case of a local authority who are a county council, wholly or partly, from outside the district of the authority, thirty pounds;

(c) in respect of each house provided by a local authority by

way of housing accommodation for the agricultural population (being a house in respect of which the Secretary of State is of opinion that a contribution under this paragraph should be paid), thirty-six pounds;

(d) in respect of each house provided by a local authority in pursuance of any overspill agreement within the meaning of Part II of this Act, forty-two pounds;

(<e)in respect of each house provided by a local authority, being an exporting authority within the meaning of Part II of this Act, in the district of another local authority (being a house in respect of which the Secretary of State is of opinion that a contribution under this paragraph should be paid), forty-two pounds; or

(/) in respect of each house provided by a development corporation otherwise than in pursuance of authorised arrangements, forty-two pounds.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (2) of section one hundred and twenty-eight of the principal Act (which subsection relates to the time and manner in which contributions under certain enactments shall be payable and to the conditions under which such contributions are payable) and section one hundred and twenty-nine of that Act (which relates, among other things, to the failure of a local authority to discharge any duty, or exercise any power, under certain enactments) the payment of any Exchequer contribution under paragraph () or (e) of the last foregoing subsection shall be subject to such conditions as may be specified by the Secretary of State when undertaking to pay the contribution and the Secretary of State may

1957 Housing and Town Development Ch. 38

(Scotland) Act, 1957

reduce the amount of any such contribution, or suspend or discontinue payment of any such contribution, if there is in his opinion any failure to comply with any condition so specified in relation thereto.

(4) Where the Secretary of State undertakes to pay an annual Exchequer contribution under any one of paragraphs (a) to if) of subsection (2) of this section in respect of a house no contribution shall be paid in respect of the same house under any other of those paragraphs.

(5) For the purposes of subsections (1) and (2) of section eighty-seven of the principal Act (which relates to Exchequer contributions in respect of housing accommodation provided by housing associations under authorised arrangements) the Secretary of State may direct that any approved house provided by a housing association in pursuance of authorised arrangements shall be treated as if it were a house of the class mentioned in such one of paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of subsection (2) of this section as the Secretary of State may determine to be appropriate.

(6) In this section the expression " county " does not include any county of a city.

3.—(1) In respect of any approved house which is a flat con- Additional tained in a block of flats the major part of which, as determined Exchequer by the Secretary of State, is of six or more storeys (inclusive of contribution* any storey constructed for use for purposes other than those ofin resp®J " a dwelling), the Secretary of State may undertake to pay, and houses in pay, for a period of sixty years (in addition to any other annual certain blocks Exchequer contribution) an annual Exchequer contribution in of flats, accordance with the next following subsection.

(2) An annual Exchequer contribution payable under this section in respect of any approved house shall bis of such amount as may be determined to be necessary to secure the amortisation over the period referred to in the foregoing subsection of an amount equal to two-thirds of the sum, if any, by which the cost of the house exceeds such sum as may be determined to represent the average cost of approved houses in Scotland (exclusive of such houses as may be determined) at the time of the approval by the Secretary of State of the proposals in accordance with which the house is provided.

In this subsection " cost " means " estimated cost ", " determined " means " determined by the Secretary of State ", and references to the cost of a house include the cost of the preparation of the site of the house (or, in the case of a flat so much of the cost of the preparation of the site as is fairly referable to that flat) but not the cost of the site or of demolishing any building occupying the site, or part of the site, before possession of it is obtained for the purposes of preparation.

341

Part I

—cont.

342 Ch. 38 Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1957

Part I —com. Additional Exchequer contributions in respect of approved houses in remote areas.

4.—(1) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the total expenditure likely to be incurred in any year by a local authority, not being the town council of a large burgh, in providing housing accommodation by way of approved houses could not. in consequence of the remoteness of the sites of any of the houses from centres of supply of building labour and material, be met without charging unreasonably high rents for that accommodation and other accommodation provided by the authority, or imposing an unreasonably heavy rate burden, the Secretary of State may, with the sanction of the Treasury, undertake to pay. and pay, for a period of sixty years (in addition to any other annual Exchequer contribution) an annual Exchequer contribution of such amount, and in respect of such of the houses so provided, as he considers just and reasonable.

(2) Where housing accommodation is provided by a housing association by way of approved houses in pursuance of authorised arrangements with a local authority to whom contributions under the foregoing subsection are payable, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit having regard to the remoteness of the sites of any of the houses from centres of supply of building labour and material, pay in respect of any of the houses in any year (in addition to any other contribution payable by him) a contribution not exceeding such contribution as would be payable by him under this section in that year if the house had been provided by the local authority.

Termination of local authorities* obligation to make certain contributions, and power to carry other sums to credit of housing revalue accounts.

Contributions by local authorities

5.—(1) With effect from the sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, a local authority shall be relieved of the obligation to make the contributions specified in paragraphs 1 to 11a of the Eighth Schedule to the principal Act, but may in any financial year commencing on or after the said day carry to the credit of their housing revenue account, in addition to the amounts required by section one hundred and thirty-eight of the principal Act, such further amounts, if any, as they may think fit.

(2) Where by virtue of any authorised arrangements a local authority are under an obligation to pay to a housing association by way of annual grant in respect of any house a sum in addition to the sum which it is their duty under subsection (1) of section eighty-seven of the principal Act so to pay, and that additional sum is defined in the arrangements by reference to the sum which the authority would have had to contribute in respect of the house under section ninety-seven, ninety-eight or ninety-nine of the principal Act if the house had been provided by the authority, then, without prejudice to any variation of those arrangements

1957

Housing and Town Development

(Scotland) , 1957

Ch. 38

343

by the parties thereto, the additional sum shall, notwithstanding part I anything in this section, continue to be payable, but shall be —com. defined as equal to the sum which the authority would have had to contribute as aforesaid if the house had been provided by them and this section (and so much of section twenty-eight of this Act as repeals the said sections ninety-seven, ninety-eight and ninety-nine) had not passed.

General

6. The principal Act shall have effect subject to the modifica- Modifications tions specified in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, being °J principal modifications relating to the provisions of this Part of this Act 1atm* to

7. In this Part of this Act the expression " authorised arrange- Interpretation ments" means arrangements made with the approval of th© of Part I. Secretary of State by a local authority with a housing association

under section eighty of the principal Act.

Part II

Provision of Housing Accommodation and Associated Town Development in relief of over-populated districts

Exporting and Receiving Authorities

&—(1) References in this Part of this Act to an exporting Exporting and authority are references to a local authority for a district which reodving has a need for housing accommodation which cannot in the ftuthontlC8* opinion of the Secretary of State be properly and fully met by the provision of housing accommodation within the district, who propose to make or have made arrangements for the meeting of that need, in whole or in part, by the provision of housing accommodation outside their district—

(a) by another local authority, or a development corpora-

tion, in pursuance of an overspill agreement, or

(b) by the Scottish Special Housing Association acting with

the approval of the Secretary of State, or

(c) by themselves in exercise of powers conferred by the

principal Act.

(2) References in this Part of, and in the Second Schedule to, this Act to a receiving authority are (subject to subsection (7) of the next following section) references to the local authority for any district in which housing accommodation is, or may be, provided in pursuance of arrangements such as are mentioned in the foregoing subsection.

344

Ch. 38

Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1957

Part D

—com.

Overspill

agreements.

(2) Proposals prepared and submitted to the Secretary of State by a local authority in discharge of their duty under section sixty of the principal Act may, in the case of a local authority who are an exporting authority, include proposals for the provision of housing accommodation in pursuance of an overspill agreement.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section an overspill agreement may be made on such terms as may be agreed between the parties thereto.

(4) An overspill agreement shall provide for—

(a) the provision by the receiving authority of housing

accommodation and the letting of that accommodation to persons approved for that purpose by the exporting and receiving authorities (hereinafter referred to as " approved persons "); and

(b) the payment by the exporting authority to the receiving

authority in respect of each new house provided in pursuance of the agreement of a contribution at a rate of not less than fourteen pounds a year from the date of completion of the house, so however that—

(i) the contribution shall not be payable for any period during which the house is neither let to, nor available for letting to, an approved person, unless in substitution therefor there is let by the receiving authority to an approved person another house which otherwise would not be let in pursuance of the agreement, and

(ii) the obligation to make the contribution may be limited so as to cease and determine when the contribution has been paid for a period or periods amounting in the aggregate to such period as may be specified in the agreement, not being less than ten years.

(5) An overspill agreement may provide for the making by the exporting authority to the receiving authority of such additional payments (whether by way of capital or recurrent grant or of loan

Overspill Agreements

9,—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section an exporting authority and a receiving authority may enter into an agreement (in this Part of this Act referred to as an overspill agreement) for the provision by the receiving authority, in the district of the receiving authority, of housing accommodation to meet, wholly or in part, the needs of the district of the exporting authority.

1957

Housing and Town Development

(Scotland) , 1957

Ch. 38

345

or otherwise) as may be specified in the agreement, being pay- Part H ments towards the expenses of providing the housing accomlno- —com. dation to which the agreement relates or industrial or other accommodation or other facilities provided or to be provided in connection therewith, including the expenses of executing any works necessary for, or incidental to, such provision.

(6) No overspill agreement shall have effect unless it has been approved by the Secretary of State.

(7) An exporting authority may enter into an overspill agreement with a development corporation in like manner as with a receiving authority, and accordingly in this section references to a receiving authority shall be construed as including a development corporation.

(8) The power of making orders conferred by section one hundred and twenty-seven of the principal Act shall include power to make an order providing, in relation to overspill agreements approved by the Secretary of State after the date of coming into operation of the order, for reducing the minimum amount of the annual contribution required by subsection (4) of this section to be made by exporting authorities.

Town Development Schemes

10.—(1) Where a receiving authority consider it expedient that. Town in conjunction with any housing accommodation proposed to be development provided in their district in pursuance of arrangements such as "hwaes. are mentioned in subsection (1) of section eight of this Act there should be carried out other development, including the provision of all or any of the following, namely, accommodation for the carrying on of industrial or other activities, appropriate public services, facilities for public worship, recreation and amenity and other requirements, they may, subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Act, make and submit to the Secretary of State a scheme containing proposals for that development related to the proposals as to the housing accommodation; and on approval by the Secretary of State any such scheme (hereinafter referred to as a " town development scheme ") shall have effect for the purposes of this Part of this Act, and any duty which it proposes should be undertaken by the receiving or any public authority shall be a duty of that authority.

(2) A town development scheme may be extended or amended by a subsequent town development scheme.

(3) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the contents, submission and approval of, and other matters connected with, town development schemes.

346 Ch. 38 Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Scotla , 1957

Part n (4) The Secretary of State shall not approve any town —com. development scheme unless he is satisfied—

(a) that the execution of the scheme will be consistent with the proper planning of the area to which the scheme relates, and

(b) that if he were to withhold approval the development proposed therein, either by itself or along with commitments already undertaken or proposed to be undertaken by way of overspill agreements or other town development schemes by the receiving authority, would impose an unreasonable burden on the financial resources of the receiving authority.

(5) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section and to the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act, the Secretary of State may approve a town development scheme without modification or with such modifications as appear to him to be expedient, so however that no such modification shall impose on any authority any duty other than a duty relating to any water supply or sewerage service required for the purposes of the scheme.

(6) References in this Part of, and in the Second Schedule to, this Act to a receiving or exporting authority in relation to a town development scheme are references respectively to the receiving authority who promoted, or are promoting, the scheme and to the exporting authority to meet the needs of whose district the housing accommodation to which the scheme relates is, or is to be, provided.

Provision of 11.—(1) A town development scheme may provide that any

water supply or sewerage service required for the purposes of the KfyjGos 86 scheme shall be provided by such public authority as may be under town specified in the scheme, notwithstanding that that authority are development not the authority who, apart from such provision of the scheme schemes. would be responsible for providing the supply or service (in this section referred to as the " authority generally responsible *): and in that case all functions conferred by any enactment or agreement on the authority generally responsible, so far as relating to the supply or service required, shall, subject to the next following section, be exercisable by the authority so specified, and not by the authority generally responsible.

(2) Any public authority upon whom a function is conferred by a town development scheme by virtue of the last foregoing subsection shall have the like power to construct, operate and maintain, whether within or outside their district, any works necessary for the exercise of the function, as if the works were within and for the benefit of their district.

1957

Housing and Town Development

(Scotland) , 1957

Ch. 38

347

12. —(1) Where a public authority, not being the receiving Part n

authority, incur expenditure in providing any water supply or —cont. sewerage service for the purposes of a town development scheme. Allocation of they shall be entitled to recover an amount equal to that expendi- expenditure on tore from the receiving authority only. an^wwagT

(2) Notwithstanding any enactment or agreement to a con- seiTlcc® trary effect any expenditure incurred as aforesaid and the rate- development able valuation of the area for which the supply or service is schemes, provided shall be disregarded for the purposes of any allocation (whether under any enactment or under any agreement) between authorities of the expenses of providing a supply or service of

the kind in question.

(3) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument provide that this section shall cease to have effect in relation to any town development scheme or in relation to any supply or service provided for the purposes of any such scheme:

Provided that no order shall be made under this subsection without the consent of the receiving authority and the public authority providing the supply or service in question.

(4) In this section " rateable valuation " in relation to any area has the same meaning as in the Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956.

13. —(1) Where as respects any land which is— Powers as to

acquisition and

(a) comprised in an area to which a town development use of land for

scheme relates, and the purposes

of town

(b) not designated by an operative development plan within development

the meaning of the Town and Country Planning schemes.

(Scotland) Act, 1947, as subject to compulsory

acquisition,

the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is necessary for the proper execution of the town development scheme that the land should be acquired by the receiving authority under this section he may authorise that authority to acquire the land compulsorily in accordance with this section.

(2) The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

(Scotland) Act, 1947, shall apply to the compulsory acquisition of land under this section and, accordingly, shall have effect as if this section had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act.

(3) This section shall, for the purposes of any enactment containing a reference to section thirty-five of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which relates to the

348

Part D —com.

Exchequer

contributions

towards

receiving

authorities'

expenses

under town

development

schemes.

Ch. 38 Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1957

acquisition of land for planning purposes) be treated as forming part of the said section thirty-five, and shall in particular be so treated for the purposes of subsection (1) of section thirty-six, subsection (1) of section thirty-seven, and subsection (2) of section forty-two of that Act, and of subsection (1) of section eighteen of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945; and the reference to subsection (2) of the said section thirty-five in paragraph 8 of the Fifth Schedule to the said Act of 1945 shall include a reference to this section.

(4) This section shall be construed as one with Part III of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which contains provisions as to the acquisition and disposal of land for planning purposes).

(5) In relation to the acquisition of land under this section, and to any land acquired under this section or appropriated for any purpose for which land can be acquired under this section,—

(a) section nineteen of the Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1945, and the enactments referred to in this section shall have effect as if any reference therein to a local planning authority included a reference to a receiving authority who are not a local planning authority; and

(b) subsection (2) of section eighteen of the said Act of

1945 shall have effect as if for any reference therein to the best use of land or to the proper planning of the area of the authority there were substituted a reference to the proper execution of the town development scheme.

14.—(1) Where in the execution of a town development scheme the receiving authority incur expenditure in connection with—

(a) the acquisition of land situated within the area to which

the scheme relates or the clearing or preliminary development of land so situated, or

(b) the provision, for the purposes of the scheme, of any

water supply or sewerage service,

the Secretary of State shall pay to the receiving authority contributions towards that expenditure of such amounts, and payable in such cases, over such periods and subject to such conditions, as may be determined by or under regulations made by him, in accordance with section one hundred and seventy-three of the principal Act, with the consent of the Treasury.

(2) Regulations made under this section may provide for the payment of contributions thereunder, in such cases and subject

1957

Housing and Town Development

(* Scotland) , 1957

Ch. 38

349

to such conditions as may be determined by or under the Part n

regulations, in respect of land appropriated by a receiving —com.

authority for any purpose approved by the Secretary of State in accordance with the regulations, as if the land had been acquired for that purpose at a cost of such amount, and defrayed in such manner, as may be so determined.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this section, any regulations made under this section may provide—

(a) for the inclusion in the expenditure incurred by a receiving authority towards which contributions under this section are to be paid, of any sums, or any part of any sums, paid by the authority in connection with any restriction imposed by or under any enactment on tire development or use of any land to which the scheme relates (whether by way of compensation or by way of contribution towards damage or expense incurred in consequence of the restriction);

(b) for the calculation of contributions payable under this section by reference to the amount of the annual costs incurred or treated as being incurred by receiving authorities in respect of the borrowing of money to defray expenditure towards which the contributions are made, or by reference to the excess of such annual costs over such receipts of those authorities, or over the annual value of such receipts, as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(4) In this section the expression " preliminary development ", in relation to land situated within the area to which a town development scheme relates, means the carrying out of any work determined in accordance with the regulations to be work preparatory to the development of the land for the purposes of executing the scheme, or work comprised in the initial stages of such development.

General

15.—(1) For the purposes of executing any overspill agreement Extension or town development scheme the receiving authority or develop- j? P0™* *°r ment corporation may—

(a) take, whether within or outside their district, any action agreements which, apart from this section, they could lawfully take development if it were for the benefit of their district, notwithstand- schemes, ing that it is not, or may not be, for the benefit thereof, and

350

Part II

—amt.

Provision for failure to carry out duties

under overspill agreements or town development schemes.

Ch. 38 Housing and Town Development 3 & 6 Eliz. 1

(Scotland) , 1957

(b) appoint the exporting authority to act as their agents for the purpose of taking any action relating to the functions of the receiving authority or corporation under the agreement or scheme;

and any exporting authority appointed as mentioned in paragraph (b) of this section may themselves incur expenditure in taking any action to which the appointment relates and shall defray any expenditure so incurred as if it were incurred within and for the benefit of their own district.

(2) In relation to any town development scheme the foregoing subsection shall apply to any public authority (other than the receiving authority) who have a duty under the scheme to provide any water supply or sewerage service as it applies to ‘the receiving authority, with, in the case of a local water authority, the substitution, for the reference to the district of the receiving authority, of a reference to the area within the limits of supply of the local water authority.

(3) In this section any reference to action relating to the functions of the receiving authority or development corporation under any overspill agreement oir town development scheme includes a reference to any survey or preparatory work required to determine the practicability of any proposed overspill agreement or town development scheme.

16.—(1) If a complaint is made to the Secretary of State that any local or public authority have failed to do properly anything which they are required to do by any overspill agreement or town development scheme, or if the Secretary of State is of opinion that an investigation should be made as to whether any such authority have so failed, he may cause a local inquiry to be held into the matter.

(2) If after such a local inquiry the Secretary of State is satisfied that there has been such a failure on the part of the authority in question, he may, after giving the authority an opportunity of making representations, make an order declaring the authority to be in default and requiring them for the purpose of remedying the default to take within such period as may be specified in the order such action as may be so specified. 3

(3) If the authority declared to be in default by such an order fail to comply with any requirement thereof within the period specified therein for compliance with that requirement the Secretary of State may—

(a) himself take, or cause to be taken, the action to which the requirement relates, or

1957 Housing and Town Development Ch. 38

(Scotland) Act, 1957

(b) make an application to the Court of Session under section ninety-one of the Court of Session Act, 1868, which section shall have effect as if the said action were a statutory duty of the authority.

(4) Section one hundred and seventy of the principal Act (which relates to the exercise by the Secretary of State of powers of a local authority) shall apply—

ia) to any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State in taking action, or causing action to be taken, by virtue of this section, as it applies to the expenses referred to in that section, and

(b) to any property, debts or liabilities acquired or incurred by him by virtue of this section, as it applies to the property, debts and liabilities referred to in that section.

(5) Section three hundred and fifty-five of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which contains provisions as to local inquiries) shall apply to any local inquiry held under this section.

(6) This section shall be without prejudice to any other enactment, or any provision in any agreement, under which the performance of the duties mentioned in this section may be enforced.

17. Where by subsection (5) of section eighteen of the Town Modification and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945, a local planning j?f authority, being an exporting authority, in exercising their power ® 33 i^100'6’ under that section of disposing of land comprised in an area relation to defined by a development plan as an area of comprehensive exporting development, and the Secretary of State in exercising his power of authorities, consenting to such disposal, are obliged to secure to any person

so far as may be practicable an opportunity to obtain accommodation on that land, the obligation shall be treated as discharged if there is afforded to the person an opportunity to obtain, on land in, or in the vicinity of and readily accessible to, an area where housing accommodation has been, or is being, provided in pursuance of any such arrangements as are mentioned in subsection (1) of section eight of this Act (being arrangements to which the said local planning authority are a party), accommodation suitable to his reasonable requirements on terms such as are mentioned in the said subsection (5).

18. Nothing in this Part of this Act or in any authorisation Saving for given thereunder shall be taken to authorise the carrying out of

any development not authorised by planning permission granted pJ^nSg or deemed to have been granted under the Town and Country permission for Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947. development

for the purposes of Partn.

351

Part n —amt.

352

Ch. 38

Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Scotla , 1957

Part II 19.—(1) In this Part of, and in the Second Schedule to, this

—cont. Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expres-Interpretation sions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, of Part n. that is to say—

" functions " includes powers and duties;

" public authority " means any authority who are either—

(a) a local water authority within the meaning of subsection (4) of section five of the Water (Scotland) Act, 1946, or

(b) an authority charged by virtue of any enactment other than this Act with the duty of providing any sewerage service, or a combination of such authorities;

" overspill agreement " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section nine of this Act;

" sewerage service " includes sewage disposal service;

" town development scheme" has the meaning assigned to * it by subsection (1) of section ten of this Act

(2) In this Part of. and in the Second Schedule to, this Act—

(a) any reference to water supply includes a reference to

the supply of water in bulk under section nineteen of the Water (Scotland) Act 1946;

(b) any reference to the district of a development corpora-

tion shall be construed as a reference to the area designated under the New Towns Act, 1946, as the site of the new town for the purposes of which the development corporation has been established.

Part III

Miscellaneous Modifications of Principal Act

Payments in 20.—(1) For the purposes of any payment made after the

respect of commencement of this Act under section forty of the principal Un^ttojnedCl1" ^ct Provides for payments to be made in respect of unfit

houses which have been well maintained) the Secretary of State may from time to time, by order made by statutory instrument, vary the multipliers specified with respect to rateable value in paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of the said section forty:

Provided that an order under this subsection shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(2) If—

(a) a house has, after the commencement of this Act, been vacated in pursuance of a demolition order or closing

1957

Housing and Town Development

(Scotland) , 1957

Ch. 38

353

order, or purchased compulsorily under subsection (1) of section seventeen of the principal Act or section three of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954, in lieu of the making of a demolition order in respect thereof; and

(b) any person has, within three months after the service

of the demolition or closing order, or of the notice of determination to purchase required by subsection (3) of the said section three, or after the confirmation of a compulsory purchase order, made a representation to the local authority that the house has been well maintained and that the good maintenance of the house is attributable wholly or partly to work carried out by him or at his expense; and

(c) leaving out of account any sanitary defects in or related

to the house, the representation is correct;

the local authority shall make to that person in respect of that house the like payment as would have fallen to be so made under the said section forty if the house had been a house to which that section applies and directions had been given by the Secretary of State for the making of a payment thereunder.

(3) If, on receiving a representation under the last foregoing subsection, the local authority consider that the condition specified in paragraph (c) of that subsection is not satisfied, they snail serve upon the person by whom the representation was made notice that no payment falls to be made to him under that subsection; and subsections (1) and (3) of section sixteen of the principal Act (which provides for an appeal against certain notices and orders under Part II of that Act) shall apply in relation to any notice under this subsection as it applies in relation to a notice under the said Part II requiring the execution of works.

(4) For the purposes of this section, a house which might have been the subject of a demolition order but which has, without the making of such an order, been vacated and demolished in pursuance of an undertaking for its demolition given to the local authority shall be deemed to have been vacated in pursuance of a demolition order made and served at the date when the undertaking was given.

(5) In this section, except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say—

" closing order " means an order made in lieu of a demolition order by virtue of the proviso to subsection (4) of section nine of the principal Act;

" demolition order " means a demolition order made under Part II of the principal Act.

M

Part HI j —coni.

354

Part in

—con/.

Registers of rents of dwellings provided or improved with the assistance of improvement grants.

Special procedure for completion of compulsory acquisition of land under certain provisions.

Ch. 38 Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 ELiz. 2

(Scotland) , 1957

21. —(1) It shall be the duty of every local authority to make and keep a register, in such form as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State by regulations made in accordance with section one hundred and seventy-three of the principal Act, in which they shall record in relation to every dwelling to which section one hundred and fourteen of the principal Act (which relates to the conditions to be observed with respect to dwellings in respect of the provision or improvement of which improvement grants have been made) applies—

(a) the amount to which the rent is limited by virtue of

paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of that section;

(b) any increase of the said amount authorised by virtue of

section one hundred and eighteen of the principal Act;

(c) any reduction of the said amount effected by virtue of

subsection (2) of section sixteen of, and paragraph 9 of the Third Schedule to, the Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956; and

() such other information as may be prescribed in the

regulations.

(2) A register kept by a local authority under this section shall oe made available for inspection by the public at the principal office of the authority during all normal business periods.

(3) Regulations made under this section may provide for the issue by a local authority of extracts of entries in the register kept by them under this section, and for the charging by the local authority of a fee, not exceeding one shilling, in respect of each entry contained in any extract issued in accordance therewith; and any extract so issued shall be evidence of the matters set out therein.

22. —(1) If the Secretary of State is satisfied, in the case of a compulsory purchase order submitted to him by a local authority under the principal Act or Part I of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954, that, as respects the whole or any part of the land to which the order relates—

(a) reasonable inquiry has been made and it is not practic-

able to ascertain the name or address of the owner of the land or that part thereof, or

(b) the land or that part thereof is owned by such number of persons that the obtaining of a separate title from each would cause undue delay, or

(c) any other special circumstances exist which, in his

opinion, make it necessary or expedient that the power conferred on him by this section should be exercised,

he may include in the order as confirmed by him a direction that the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to the Town and

1957 Housing and Town Development Ch. 38 355

(Scotland) Act, 1957

Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945, shall apply to the order. Part in or, as the case may be, to the order so far as it relates to the —com. part of the land in question:

Provided that no such direction shall be so included in a compulsory purchase order unless application in that behalf is included in the order as submitted to the Secretary of State.

(2) A compulsory purchase order which contains any direction under this section shall, as soon as may be after the order becomes operative, be recorded by the local authority in the appropriate Register of Sasines.

(3) References in the said Sixth Schedule to a purchase order providing for expedited completion, to the purchasing authority or to subsection (2) of section thirty-six of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, shall be construed, for the purposes of this section, as references respectively to a compulsory purchase order containing a direction under this section, to the local authority authorised to acquire land by that order and to subsection (2) of this section.

(4) Paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947, and subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of the principal Act (which provide for early entry on land) and paragraph 4 of that Schedule and sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph 2 of the Third Schedule to the principal Act (which make special provision, with respect to the sale of parts of houses and other premises) shall not apply to a compulsory purchase order containing any direction under this section.

(5) In relation to any compulsory purchase order containing a direction under this section, any words in any enactment importing a reference to service of a notice to treat shall be construed as including a reference to the constructive service of such a notice which, by virtue of this section and paragraph 1 of the Sixth Schedule to the said Act of 1945, is to be deemed to have been served.

23.—(1) The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Grants and Treasury, make to the Scottish Special Housing Association advances to payments in respect of such number of houses provided by the Association as he may determine, being— Homing

(a) houses provided in the district of any local authority Association* as respects which the Secretary of State is satisfied—

(i) that there is an urgent need for more housing accommodation which will be met only if such accommodation is provided by the local authority or the Association, and

356 Ch. 38 Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1957

(ii) that all accommodation so required cannot be provided by the local authority without imposing an unreasonably heavy rate burden or necessitating the charging of unreasonably high rents for that accommodation and other accommodation provided by the authority; or

(b) houses provided in pursuance of arrangements such as are mentioned in subsection (1) of section eight of this Act.

(2) A payment under the foregoing subsection shall consist in respect of each completed house of an annual contribution for a period of sixty years of an amount, in each year, equal to the annual contribution or, as the case may be, the sum of the annual contributions, which would have been payable in that year under subsection (7) of section eighty-four and sections eighty-six, eighty-eight and eighty-nine of the principal Act, and sections two, three and four of this Act, if the house had been a house provided by a local authority.

(3) No payment shall be made by the Secretary of State under section ninety-three of the principal Act (which relates to grants to the Scottish Special Housing Association) in respect of any house for which proposals, accompanied by such information as is required by the Secretary of State as to the estimated cost of erection of the house, were or are received by the Secretary of State on or after the first day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-six.

(4) Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that the total net annual expenditure (as calculated in accordance with rules made by the Secretary of State) necessarily incurred in any year by the Scottish Special Housing Association in providing houses in respect of which payments fall to be made under section ninety-three of the principal Act and this section is greater than the sum of the said payments for that year, the Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Treasury, make such further contribution to the Association as he may determine.

(5) Subsection (1) of section ninety-four of the principal Act (which provides for the making by the Secretary of State of advances to the Scottish Special Housing Association) shall have effect—

(a) as if the reference in paragraph (a) thereof to the provision of houses under section ninety-three of the principal Act included a reference to the provision of such houses as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and

Part m

—con/.

1957

Housing and Town Development

(Scotland) , 1957

Ch. 38

357

(b) with the addition, at the end of the subsection, of the Part m following proviso, that is to say— —com.

"Provided that the aggregate amount of the advances made under this subsection shall not exceed one hundred million pounds.".

(6) Any reference in this section to a house shall include a reference—

(a) to any housing accommodation which, if it were provided by a local authority, would be deemed to be a house for the purposes of subsection (7) of section eighty-four or section eighty-nine of the principal Act, and

(b) to any building provided in connection with housing accommodation provided by the Scottish Special Housing Association, being a building which in the opinion of the Secretary of State will serve a beneficial purpose in connection with the requirements of the persons for whom the housing accommodation is provided.

24. The principal Act shall have effect subject to the modifica- Minor tions specified in Part II of the First Schedule to this Act, being ®odjp»ti<Mis modifications of a minor character. or principal

Part IV

Miscellaneous and Supplemental

25. Section nineteen of the Town and Country Planning (Scot- Extension land) Act, 1945 (which confers on local planning authorities of s. 19 of power to carry out certain development) shall have effect as if 8 * 9 Gco*6* the reference in subsection (1) thereof to Part III of the Town c* 33,

and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 included a reference to the Distribution of Industry Act, 1945.

26. —(1) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Financial

Parliament— provisions.

(a) all sums payable by the Secretary of State under this

Act; and

(b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums required or authorised under any other Act to be so defrayed. 2 *

(2) Any receipts of the Secretary of State under this Act shall

be paid into the Exchequer.

358

Ch. 38

Part IV —cont. Interpretation.

Citation, repeals and extent.

Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1957

27. —(1) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision, any reference in the principal Act or in Part I of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954 to—

(a) any enactment contained in the principal Act which is

amended by this Act shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as so amended, and

(b) an Exchequer contribution payable under Part VI of

the principal Act shall be construed as including a reference to an Exchequer contribution payable under Part I of this Act.

(2) In this Act the expression "principal Act" means the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950.

(3) Any reference in this Act to a provision of the principal Act shall include a reference to the corresponding provision of any enactment repealed by that Act.

(4) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended, extended or applied by any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

(5) Any provision of this Act containing a reference to the sixteenth day of May shall, in its application to a local authority whose financial year begins on a day other than the sixteenth day of May, have effect with the substitution for the said reference of a reference to that other day.

28. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act, 1957; and this Act and the Housing (Scotland) Acts, 1950 and 1952 and Part I (and Part III so far as relating to Part I) of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954 may be cited together as the Housing (Scotland) Acts, 1950 to 1957.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

i^»

1957 Housing and Town Development Ch. 38

(Scotland) Act, 1957

SCHEDULES FIRST SCHEDULE Modifications to Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950 (14 Geo. 6. c. 34.

Part I

Modifications relating to Part I of this Act

1. In paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section seventy-three (which paragraph requires certain houses to be reserved for the agricultural population) the reference to a contribution payable under section eighty-five shall include a reference to a contribution payable under paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section two of this Act.

2. In the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) section eighty-six (which relates to additional Exchequer contributions for houses involving expenditure on rights of support) and

(b) section eighty-eight (which relates to additional Exchequer contributions for houses constructed to preserve the character of their surroundings),

any reference to a contribution payable under Part VI shall include a reference to a contribution payable under Part I of this Act, and any reference to a contribution payable under section eighty-four or eighty-five shall include a reference to a contribution payable under section two of this Act.

3. Subsection (4) of section eighty-seven (which subsection relates to housing accommodation transferred from a development corporation to a local authority) shall have effect as if any reference to sums payable to a development corporation under subsection (3) of the said section eighty-seven included a reference to sums payable to such a corporation under Part I of this Act.

4. Section one hundred and twenty-seven (which provides among other things for the review of Exchequer contributions) shall have effect as if the reference in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) thereof to the annual contributions payable under section eighty-four, eighty-five or eighty-six included a reference to the annual contributions payable under sections two, three and four of this Act:

Provided that no order made under the said section one hundred and twenty-seven by virtue of this paragraph shall have effect in relation to a house such as is mentioned in paragraph () of subsection (2) of section two of this Act if the overspill agreement in pursuance of which the house is provided was approved by the Secretary of State before the date of coming into operation of the order.

5. Subsection (2) of section one hundred and twenty-eight (which subsection relates to the time and manner in which contributions under certain enactments shall be payable) and section one hundred sod twenty-nine (which relates among other things to the failure of a

359

Sections 6, 24.

360

Ch. 38

1st Sch. —cont.

Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1957

local authority to discharge any duty, or exercise any power, under certain enactments) shall apply in relation to sections two, three and four of this Act as they apply in relation to the enactments specified in Part II of the Sixth Schedule, and accordingly the said Part II shall have effect with the addition, at the end thereof, of the words—

" 13. Sections two, three and four of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act, 1957."; and in the said subsection (2) the reference to section ninety-three shall include a reference to section twenty-three of this Act.

6. Subsection (1) of section one hundred and eighty-four and Part I of the Sixth Schedule (which together define the expression " Exchequer contribution ") shall have effect with the addition, at the end of the said Part I, of the words—

" 13. Sections two, three and four of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act, 1957."

Part II

Other Minor Modifications

7. Subsection (1) of section sixty-three (which relates to the acquisition of land by agreement for the purposes erf Part V of that Act) shall have effect as if for the words from " in like manner " to the end of the subsection there were substituted the words "under section one hundred and fifty-six of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 (notwithstanding anything in section one hundred and seventy-three of that Act), and section one hundred and fifty-eight of that Act shall apply accordingly".

8. In subsection (3) of section seventy-five (which relates to advances made by a local authority for the purpose of increasing housing accommodation) any reference, in relation to an advance, to a bond and disposition in security of the lands with which the advance is concerned shall include a reference to a bond and such other deed of heritable security as may be agreed between the parties making and receiving the advance.

9. Subsection (1) of section one hundred and six (which relates to the nature and amounts of Exchequer contributions towards the annual loss likely to be incurred by a local authority as a result of giving effect to approved improvement proposals) shall have effect with the addition at the end thereof of the words "or for such period, not exceeding sixty financial years beginning as aforesaid, as may be determined by the Secretary of State."

10. Section one hundred and eleven (which relates to improvement grants to persons other than local authorities) shall have effect with the addition at the end thereof of the following subsection, that is to say—

"(8) If a local authority refuse to approve an application under this section, or, having approved such an application, pay by way of an improvement grant in respect thereof an amount smaller than the maximum amount allowed by subsection (1) of the next following section apart from the proviso to the said subsection, they shall, if the applicant so requests, notify him in writing of the grounds of their refusal or, as the case may be, the grounds of their decision not to pay the said maximum amount

1957

Housing and Town Development

(Scotland) Act, 1957

Ch. 38

361

11. Subsection (1) of section one hundred and twelve (which subsection limits the amount which may be paid by a local authority by way of an improvement grant) shall have effect and shall be deemed always to have had effect, as if there were added to paragraph (b) thereof the words "for each dwelling provided or improved by the works ".

12. Section one hundred and thirty-eight (which relates to the credits and debits in a local authority’s housing revenue account) shall have effect as if in subsection (1) thereof—

(a) after paragraph (c) there were added the following paragraph, namely—

" () any payments received by them from another local authority in pursuance of any overspill agreement within the meaning of Part II of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act, 1957, being payments such as are mentioned in paragraph (vii) of this subsection; " and;

(b) after paragraph (vi) thereof there were added the following

paragraph, namely—

"(vii) any payments made by them to another local authority or a development corporation in pursuance of any overspill agreement within the meaning of Part II of the Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act, 1957, being payments towards expenditure which, if it had been incurred by the first mentioned local authority, would have been debited by them to their housing revenue account in pursuance of this subsection

13. Subsection (1) of section one hundred and eighty-four (which relates to interpretation) shall have effect as if in the definition of the expression " flat " after the word "premises " there were added the words "whether or not on the same floor".

14. Paragraph 8 of the Seventh Schedule (which paragraph relates to the contributions payable under section five of the Housing, Town Hanning, etc. (Scotland) Act, 1919) shall have effect as if for the words from " the mean of " to the end of the paragraph there were substituted the words " the total of the rateable values of lands and heritages in the district on which the rates are assessed."

SECOND SCHEDULE

Town Development Schemes

1. Every town development scheme shall in such manner as the Secretary of State may direct (either generally or in relation to the particular scheme) specify—

(a) the area to which the scheme relates;

(b) the uses to which it is proposed that the various parts of the

area are to be put; and

(c) the arrangements proposed to be made for the provision of

any water supply or sewerage service required for the purposes of the scheme, and the public authority by whom it is proposed that the supply or service shall be provided.

M

1st Sex. —cont.

Section 10.

362 Ch. 38 Housing and Town Development 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Scotla, 1957

2nd Sch. 2. Where a town development scheme is promoted by a receiving —amt. authority who are not the local planning authority for the area

or any part of the area to which the scheme relates they shall before submitting the scheme to the Secretary of State consult the local planning authority for the area, or, as the case may be, that part of the area, and shall on submission of the scheme deliver to mem a copy of the scheme as submitted.

3. Where it is proposed in a town development scheme—

(a) that any public authority not being the receiving authority

are to undertake the provision of any water supply or sewerage service, or

(b) that the receiving authority are to provide any such supply or service or construct works for the purposes of any such supply or service within the limits of supply or district of any other public authority responsible for providing the supply or service in question,

the receiving authority shall before submitting the scheme to the Secretary of State consult that other authority and shall on submission of the scheme deliver to them a copy of the scheme as submitted.

4. Any authority entitled to receive a copy of a town development scheme under paragraph 2 or 3 of this Schedule may within sixty days of the receipt thereof submit to the Secretary of State objections thereto.

5. —<1) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph, where any objections to a town development scheme have been duly submitted to the Secretary of State under the last foregoing paragraph, and have not been withdrawn, the Secretary of State shall not approve the scheme except after causing a local inquiry to be held with respect to such objections and considering the report of the person holding the inquiry.

(2) If every authority who have submitted, and not withdrawn, objections to a town development scheme agree that a local inquiry should be dispensed with, so much of the foregoing sub-paragraph as relates to die holding of such an inquiry shall not apply to that scheme.

(3) Section three hundred and fifty-five of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which contains provisions as to local inquiries) shall apply to local inquiries held under this paragraph.

6. If the Secretary of State proposes to approve a town development scheme with any modification imposing any duty on any public authority he shall give notice of his intention to the receiving authority and any public authority affected by the modification, who may within sixty days of the notification submit to the Secretary of State objections to the modification; and paragraph 5 of this Schedule shall apply to objections so submitted in like manner as it applies to objections to a town development scheme submitted under paragraph 4 of this Schedule.

1957 Housing and Town Development Ch. 38

(Scotland) Act, 1957

THIRD SCHEDULE

Rbpbals

Section 2Sw

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 41.

1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 38.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 3.

14 Geo. 6.C.34.

The Housing (Scotland) Act, 1935.

The Housing (Agricultural Population) (Scotland) Act, 1938.

The Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1938.

The Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950.

Sections thirty-one and thirty-six.

Section two.

Section five.

In section seventy-four, the words " or of any of the contributions referred to in the

2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 50.

The Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954.

Eighth Schedule to this Act payable by the authority"; in section ninety-one, in subsection (2), the words ‘‘and the like annual contributions by the local authority"; in section ninety-three, subsection (3); section ninety-seven; section ninety-eight; section ninety-nine; section one hundred and eight; in section one hundred and eighteen, paragraph (6); in section one hundred and twenty-seven, in subsection (2), paragraph (b); in the Seventh Schedule, in paragraph 1, the words " and of the Eighth Schedule to this Act"; in the Eighth Schedule, paragraphs 1 to 11A inclusive and paragraph 13.

Section five.

3 A 4 Eliz. 2. c. 24.

The Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment) Act, 1955.

Section sixteen.

COO

M*2

364

Ch. 38, 39

Housing and Town Development

(Scotland) Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Court of Session Act, 1868

Housing, Town Planning, etc. (Scotland) Act,

Session and Chapter 31 & 32 Vict. c. 100.

1919

... 9 A 10 Geo. 5. c. 60.

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945

Distribution of Industry Act, 1945

Water (Scotland) Act, 1946

New Towns Act, 1946

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

(Scotland) Act, 1947

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1952

Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954 Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 33.

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 36.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 42.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 42. 10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. 10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 53.

14 Geo. 6. c. 34.

15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 63.

2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 50.

4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 60.

CHAPTER 39

An Act to extend the operation of section fourteen and paragraph () of section thirty-six of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1953, and of the Schedule to the Legitimacy Act, 1926; and for purposes connected with that matter.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Re-registration l.—(l) Section fourteen of the Births and Deaths Registration

of Act, 1953, and the Schedule to the Legitimacy Act, 1926 (which

persons relate to the re-registration of births of persons legitimated by

l A 2 Eliz. 2. the subsequent marriage of their parents) shall apply and be c. 20. deemed always to have applied in relation to all persons

\6 7 Geo. rec°gnised by the law of England and Wales as having been

5. c. 60 legitimated by the subsequent marriage of their parents, whether or not their legitimation, or the recognition thereof, was effected by the last mentioned Act:

Provided that where—

(a) the marriage by which a person is legitimated took place before the passing of this Act; and (b) the said Schedule would not apply or have applied in relation to him but for this Act, the time limited by paragraph 2 of the said Schedule for the furnishing to the Registrar General of information with a view to obtaining the re-registration of the birth of that person shall not expire until three months from the passing of this Act.

1957 .

Legitimation (Re-registration of Birth) , 1957

Ch. 39, 40

365

(2) In the said section fourteen, and in paragraph () of section thirty-six of the Births and Deaths Registration Act,

1953, the words " within the meaning of the Legitimacy Act,

1926 " are hereby repealed wherever they occur.

2. This Act may be cited as the Legitimation (Re-registration Short title, of Birth) Act, 1957.

CHAPTER 40

Thermal Insulation (Industrial Buildings) , 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Standard of thermal insulation of industrial buildings.

2. Passing or rejection of plans of industrial buildings.

3. Power to make regulations for restricting use of certain materials.

4. Power to require removal or alteration of a building not conforming

to prescribed standard or conforming thereto in wrong way.

5. Power to refer questions arising under this Act to the Minister.

6. Scope of ss. 2 to 5.

7. Power of Minister and local authority to grant exemptions.

8. Application of provisions of Public Health Act, 1936, and Factories

Act, 1937.

9. Regulations.

10. Interpretation.

11. Expenses.

12. Application to Scotland.

13. Short title and extent.

An Act to make provision for the thermal insulation of industrial buildings; and for purposes connected therewith.

[17th July, 1957.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Minister of Power (in this Act referred to as " the standard of Minister ") may by regulations prescribe, as respects industrial thermal buildings, a standard of insulation thereof against loss of heat °*

therefrom.

(2) The standard prescribed by regulations under this section is in this Act referred to as " the prescribed standard ".

industrial

buildings.

2.—(1) Where there are deposited with a local authority plans Passing or of a proposed industrial building the local authority shall rejection of (subject to the provisions of any regulations made under the next Industrial following section) pass the plans for the purposes of this Act buildings, unless they show that the building will not conform to the prescribed standard, and, if the plans show that the building will not so conform, they shall reject them for those purposes.

366

Ch. 40

Thermal Insulation

(Industrial Buildings, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(2) The authority shall, within the relevant period from the deposit of the plans, give notice to the person by whom or on whose behalf they were deposited whether or not they are passed as aforesaid.

(3) In this section the expression one month:

relevant period " means

Provided that where, in the case of a local authority outside the administrative county of London whose meetings are not normally held more frequently than once a month, plans are deposited less than three clear days before a meeting of that authority, the said expression means five weeks.

Power to make 3.—(l) The Minister may by regulations direct that a local regulations for authority shall reject for the purposes of this Act plans of a of certain * ProPosed industrial building deposited with them if the plans materiau show that conformity, in the case of that building, to the prescribed

standard will depend (wholly or to a substantial extent) upon the use, in the construction thereof, of materials of a kind specified in the regulations which do not conform to such standard of resistance to the spread of flame as may be specified or described in the regulations, unless the plans also show that the materials will be used in such a way as not to enhance the risk of fire’s breaking out or spreading in the building.

(2) Materials of a kind specified in regulations under this section which do not conform to the standard specified or described in the regulations are in this Act referred to as " restricted materials ".

Power to require removal or alteration of a building not conforming to prescribed standard or conforming thereto in wrong way.

4.—(1) If an industrial building is erected which does not conform to the prescribed standard or if its conformity thereto is dependent (wholly or to a substantial extent) upon the use, in the construction thereof, of restricted materials otherwise than in such a way as not to enhance the risk of fire’s breaking out or spreading therein, the local authority may by notice require the owner either to pull down or remove it, or, if he so elects, to make such alterations therein as may be necessary to make it conform to the prescribed standard either without dependence, either wholly or to a substantial extent, upon the use, in the construction thereof, of restricted materials or by using them, in the construction thereof, in such a way as not to enhance the risk of fire’s breaking out or spreading therein.

(2) If a person to whom a notice has been given under the foregoing subsection fails to comply with the notice before the expiration of twenty-eight days or such longer period as a magistrates' court may, on his application, allow, the local authority may pull down or remove the building in question or effect such alterations therein as they deem necessary and may

1957

Thermal Insulation

(Industrial Buildings) , 1957

Ch. 40

367

recover from him, as a simple contract debt, in any court of competent jurisdiction, the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing.

(3) No such notice as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall be given after the expiration of twelve months from the date of the completion of the building in question and, in any case where plans were deposited, it shall not be open to the authority to give such a notice if either the plans were passed for the purposes of this Act or notice of their rejection was not given within the relevant period from the deposit thereof and if the building has been erected in accordance with the plans.

5. If— Power to refer

(a) any question arises between a local authority and a person arSngunder

who proposes to erect an industrial building— this Act to the

(i) whether the building will conform to the Minister, prescribed standard; or

(ii) whether conformity to that standard will, in the case of that building, depend (wholly or to a substantial extent) on the use, in the construction thereof, of restricted materials; or

(iii) whether the way in which restricted materials are proposed to be used in the construction of the building is such as not to enhance the risk of fire's breaking out or spreading therein; or

(b) any question arises between a local authority and a person

who has erected an industrial building, whether the building has been erected in accordance with the plans as passed by the authority;

the question may, on an application made by him, be referred to the Minister for determination and the Minister's decision shall be final:

Provided that the Minister may, at any stage of the proceedings on the reference and shall, if so directed by the High Court, state in the form of a special case for the opinion of the High Court, any question of law arising in those proceedings.

6. Subject to the provisions of the next following section and Scope of ss. 2 of any regulations thereunder, sections two to five of this Act to

shall apply to an extension to an industrial building as they apply to such a building, but shall not apply to a building or extension the erection of which is begun before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine, or such earlier day as the Minister may by order (made by statutory instrument) appoint. 7

7. The Minister may by regulations exempt from the provisions w-*!* of

of sections two to five of this Act buildings or extensions of such {o^SfS^rity classes as may be specified in the regulations, and a local authority to grant v

exemptions.

368 Ch. 40 Thermal Insulation 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Industrial Buildings) , 1957

may, with the consent of the Minister, exempt from those provisions a particular building or extension if they think it expedient in all the circumstances so to do.

Application of 8.—(1) The following provisions of the Public Health Act,

ovttioj^of 1936, shall apply for the purposes of this Act, that is to say:—

* sections two hundred and eighty-three to two hundred and eighty-five (form, authentication and service of notices,

&c.);

sections two hundred and eighty-seven and two hundred and eighty-eight (powers of entry, and penalty for obstruction);

section two hundred and eighty-nine (power to require occupier of premises to permit works to be executed by owner); and

sections three hundred to three hundred and two (applications to courts of summary jurisdiction and appeals to quarter

sessions);

and accordingly any reference in any of those provisions to that Act shall be construed as including a reference to this Act but, in the application for those purposes of subsection (2) of the said section two hundred and eighty-three, " the Minister " shall mean the Minister of Power.

(2) Section one hundred and twenty-three of the Factories Act, 1937 (which relates to the powers of factory inspectors) shall have effect as if references therein to that Act included references to this Act.

Regulations. 9. Any power conferred on the Minister by this Act to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

Interpretation. 10. In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise requires,— " erect " includes re-erect and " erected " and " erection " shall be construed accordingly;

" industrial building " means a building which is, or forms part of, a factory within the meaning of the Factories Acts, 1937 and 1948;

"local authority" means, as respects England and Wales (exclusive of the administrative county of London), the council of a borough or urban or rural district and, as respects the said county, means the London County Council;

" owner " has the same meaning as in the Public Health Act, 1936;

" plans " includes specifications;

" the prescribed standard " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section one of this Act;

ruDiic rteaira Act, 1936, and Factories Act, 1937.

1957

Thermal Insulation

(Industrial Buildings) Act, 19J7

I

Ch. 40

369

" restricted materials " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section three of this Act.

11. Any increase attributable to this Act in the sums which Expenses, under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, or under the

Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954, as amended by the Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956, are payable out of moneys provided by Parliament shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided.

12. —(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for the Application

application of this Act to Scotland. to Scotland.

(2) The local authority for the purposes of this Act shall be in a burgh the town council, and in the landward area of a county the county council.

(3) For section two there shall be substituted the following section:—

" 2. Where there are deposited with a dean of guild court or a local authority plans of a proposed industrial building, the dean of guild court shall not grant warrant for the erection of the building or, as the case may be, the local authority shall not approve the plans unless they show that the building will conform to the prescribed standard ".

(4) In subsection (1) of section three for the words " direct that a local authority shall reject for the purposes of this Act " there shall be substituted the words " direct that a dean of guild court shall not grant warrant for the erection of a proposed industrial building and that a local authority shall not approve ".

(5) In section four for the reference to a magistrates’ court there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff, and for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (3) It shall not be open to a local authority to give such a notice as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section if warrant has been granted by the dean of guild court for the erection of the building or, as the case may be, the plans of the building were approved by the local authority and if the building has been erected in accordance with the warrant or the plans."

(6) In section five for references to the High Court there shall be substituted references to the Court of Session, and for the words " state in the form of a special case for the opinion of the High Court any question of law " there shall be substituted the words " state a case for the opinion of the Court of Session on any question of law ".

(7) In section seven, the references to a local authority shall be construed as including references to a dean of guild court.

le

370

Ch. 40

Thermal Insulation

(Industrial Buildings) , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Short title and extent.

(8) For subsection (1) of section eight, there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (1) The following enactments shall apply for the purposes of this Act, that is to say—

sections three hundred and forty-seven, three hundred and forty-nine and three hundred and fifty of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947; sections one hundred and fifty-nine and one hundred and sixty of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, so far as relating to the power of a person authorised by a local authority to enter any premises or building for the purposes specified in paragraph (c) of the said section one hundred and fifty-nine; and section one hundred and sixty-one of the said Act of 1950, subject however to the modification that in subsection (1) the words ‘Part II of’ shall be omitted;

and accordingly any reference in any of these enactments to any of the Acts aforesaid shall be construed as including a reference to this Act

(9) In section ten for the definition of "owner " there shall be substituted the following definition:—

" * owner ’ has the like meaning as in the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897

13.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Thermal Insulation (Industrial Buildings) Act, 1957.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

009

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short title Session and chapter

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897 60 & 61 Vict. c. 38.

Public Health Act, 1936 26 Geo. 5. A 1 Edw. 8.

c. 49.

Factories Act, 1937 1 Edw. 8. A 1 Geo. 6.

c. 67.

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

Local Government Act, 1948 11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1930 14 Geo. 6. c. 34.

Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scot-

land) Act, 1954 2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 13.

Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956 4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 60.

1957 Advertisements ( Hire-PurchaCh. 41 371

Act, 1957

CHAPTER 41

An Act to make provision as to the information to be included in advertisements displayed or issued in connection with hire-purchase or credit sale; and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) This Act applies to any advertisement of any goods as Adveitiaenionii being goods available for disposal by way of hire-purchase orto credit sale, if the advertisement includes any one or more of the app,0,• elements mentioned in the next following subsection and is not an advertisement falling within subsection (3) of this section.

(2) The said elements are—

(a) an indication that a deposit is payable, consisting of or including either an indication of the amount of the deposit or an indication that it is a fraction specified in the advertisement, whether the amount of which it is a fraction is specified in the advertisement or not;

(b) words indicating that no deposit is payable;

(c) an indication of the amount of any one or more of the instalments payable.

(3) An advertisement of goods as being goods available for disposal by way of credit sale is not an advertisement to which

this Act applies, notwithstanding that it includes one or more of the elements mentioned in the last preceding subsection, if—

(a) it does not advertise any goods as being available for disposal by way of hire-purchase, and

(b) the terms of credit sale set out in the advertisement are such that no single article could be disposed of in accordance with those terms at a total price exceeding five pounds.

2.—-(1) An advertisement to which this Act applies shall not Information be displayed or issued unless it includes all the information to be included required by this Act, and each part of that information is dis- *" .

played dearly in the advertisement, in such a way as not to give to which Act undue prominence to any part of it in comparison with any applies, other part.

372 Ch. 41 Advertisements (Hire-Purchase) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

,4cf, 1957

(2) Where an advertisement contains details of payments in respect of any goods, then, in so far as it relates to those goods, the information required by this Act is the following, that is to say,—

(a) either—

(i) the amount of the deposit directly expressed, or

(ii) a statement that the amount of the deposit is a fraction specified in the advertisement of a sum the amount of which is directly expressed therein, or

(iii) a statement that no deposit is payable;

(b) the amount of each instalment directly expressed;

(c) the total number of instalments payable;

() the length of the period in respect of which each instal-

ment is payable;

(e) if any instalments are payable before delivery of the goods, the number of instalments so payable; and

(/) a sum stated as the cash price of the goods.

(3) In so far as an advertisement to which this Act applies relates to goods in respect of which the advertisement does not contain details of payments, the information required by this Act is that specified in the last preceding subsection, subject to the following modifications, that is to say,—

(a) with regard to the deposit, the information required by

this Act (instead of that specified in paragraph (a) of the last preceding subsection) is either—

(i) a statement that the amount of the deposit is a fraction specified in the advertisement of a price or sum the nature of which is clearly indicated in the advertisement, or

(ii) a statement that no deposit is payable, and

(b) paragraphs (b) and (/) of the last preceding subsection shall not apply.

(4) For the purposes of this section an advertisement shall be taken to contain details of payments in respect of any goods if it specifies the amount of the deposit payable in respect of those goods, or of any one or more of the instalments so payable, and that amount is directly expressed in the advertisement.

(5) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of this section, in the case of an advertisement of goods—

(a) as being goods available for disposal alternatively by way of hire-purchase or by way of credit sale, or

1957

Advertisements (Hire-Purchase)

Act, 1957

Ch. 41

373

(b) as being goods available for disposal in accordance with two or more alternative schemes of hire-purchase, or two or more alternative schemes of credit sale,

the information required by this Act shall not be taken to be displayed clearly in the advertisement if it is not displayed so as to distinguish clearly between the information applicable to hire-purchase and the information applicable to credit sale, or, as the case may be, so as to distinguish clearly between the information applicable to each of the schemes of hire-purchase or credit sale respectively.

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any person penalties, who displays or issues an advertisement in contravention of the provisions of the last preceding section, or causes an advertisement to be displayed or issued in contravention of those provisions, shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction,—

(a) if it is his first conviction of an offence under this Act,

to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds;

(b) in any other case, to a fine not exceeding one hundred

pounds.

(2) Where a person is charged with an offence under this Act, it shall be a defence to prove—

(< ) that the matters contained in the advertisement did not relate to anything to be done in the course of a business carried on by him; and

(b) that the matters so contained were not (wholly or in part) devised or selected by him or by any other person under his direction or control.

(3) Proceedings for any offence under this Act may (without prejudice to any jurisdiction exercisable apart from this subsection) be taken against a person at any place at which he is for the time being.

(4) Where an offence under this Act committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly:

Provided that, for the purposes of the application of subsection (2) of this section to any proceedings, in so far as they are brought against a person by virtue of this subsection in respect of an offence committed by a body corporate, references in paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection to the person charged shall be construed as references to the body corporate.

374 Ch. 41 Advertisements ( 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

, 1957

(5) In this section " director ", in relation to a body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by its members, means a member of that body corporate.

Interpretation. 4.—(1) In this Act, except in so far as the context otherwise

requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" advertisement " includes every visual form of advertising (whether or not accompanied by spoken words or other sounds), whether in a publication, or by the display of notices, or by means of catalogues, price lists, labels, cards or other documents, or by die exhibition of cinematograph films or photographs, or by way of television, or in any other way, but does not include any form of advertising consisting only of spoken words, with or without other sounds;

" credit sale " means the sale of goods in pursuance of an agreement under which the whole or part of the purchase price is payable by instalments;

" deposit " includes any initial payment to be made before or at the time of entering into an agreement;

" directly expressed " means expressed (whether in words or figures or both) otherwise than as a fraction of, or by reference to, some other amount;

" disposal ", in relation to goods, includes—

(a) the disposal of the ownership of the goods, or of any proprietary interest in them, or of the right to possession of the goods, and

(b) the disposal of the possession of the goods, whether or not accompanied by any disposal of the ownership of the goods, or of any proprietary interest in them, or of the right to possession of them;

" fraction " includes a proportion expressed as a percentage or in any other way;

"goods" includes vehicles, vessels, aircraft and animals, and generally includes articles of any description;

" hire-purchase ", in relation to England and Wales, means the bailment of goods in pursuance of an agreement under which the bailee may buy the goods or under which the property in the goods will or may pass to the bailee, whether on the performance of any act by the

1957

Advertisements (Hire-Purchase)

Act, 1957

Ch. 41

375

parties to the agreement or any of them or in any other circumstances, and, in relation to Scotland, means the letting of goods under a contract to which paragraph (a) of section one of the Hire Purchase and Small Debt 22 23

(Scotland) Act, 1932, applies, or would apply if the Gco* 3 * 5 (б)*a limitation as to value contained in that paragraph were omitted.

(2) In the case of any advertisement contained in a cinematograph film or in a television programme,—

(a) for the purposes of section one of this Act, and for the

purpose of determining under section two of this Act whether the advertisement contains details of payments in respect of any goods, anything included in any spoken words or other sounds by which the advertisement is accompanied shall be taken to form part of the advertisement;

(b) for the purposes of section two of this Act, other than

the purpose mentioned in the preceding paragraph, information shall be taken not to be included in the advertisement unless it is contained in it in a visual form;

(c) in determining, for the purposes of subsection (1) of section two of this Act, whether each part of the information required by this Act is displayed clearly in the advertisement, in such a way as not to give undue prominence to any part of it in comparison with any other part, regard shall be had to the length of time for which the advertisement is displayed (or, if different parts of the advertisement are displayed successively, to the length of time taken by each of them and to the aggregate length of time taken by them all) as well as to the contents of the advertisement.

(3) For the purposes of this Act it is immaterial whether any

information included in an advertisement does or does not correspond with the terms on which goods to which the advertisement relates are in fact disposed of; and accordingly—

(a) for the purposes of subsection (2) of section one of this Act, and of subsection (4) of section two of this Act, an advertisement shall be taken to specify the amount of a deposit or instalment if it specifies an amount as being the amount of the deposit or instalment in question, and

(b) in so far as any provision of this Act requires information as to an amount or number, or the length of a period, to be included in an advertisement, that provision (subject to compliance with any requirement of this Act as to the manner in which any such information

376 Ch. 41,42 Advertisements (.5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

is to be expressed or displayed) shall be taken to be complied with if the advertisement specifies an amount or number, or length of period, as being the amount or number in question, or the length of the period in question, as the case may be.

Short title, 5.—(l) This Act may be cited as the Advertisements (Hire-

comfenf- Purchase) Act, 1957.

meat ana

meat* (2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of

January, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight.

(3) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 42

Parish Councils Act, 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Powers to Provide Public Amenities

Section

1. Power to provide seats and shelters in roads.

2. Power to provide public clocks.

3. Power to light roads and public places.

4. Power to provide parking places for bicycles and motor-cycles.

5. Provisions as to consents and access.

6. Supplementary powers.

7. Interpretation of Part 1.

Part II

Extension and Adaptation of Other Powers

8. Powers to be exercisable without reference to county council.

9. Power of parish councils to insure against accidents to members.

10. Power to contribute towards expenses of burial grounds.

11. Power of parish council to receive charity accounts.

Part III Miscellaneous

12. Increase in maximum number of parish councillors.

13. Expenses.

14. Interpretation.

15. Consequential amendments and repeals.

16. Short title and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Expenses to be left out of account for purposes of Local Government Act, 1933, s. 193 (3).

Second Schedule—Enactments repealed.

1957

Parish Councils , 1957

Ch. 42

377

An Act to make further provision as to the constitution of parish councils, and as to the powers of parish councils and parish meetings, in rural parishes in England and Wales.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Powers to Provide Public Amenities

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of section five of this Act, a Power to parish council may provide and maintain seats and shelters for J*®* the use of the public and cause them to be installed or erected in ^?(^ters proper and convenient situations in, or on any land abutting on, * any road within the parish.

(2) In parishes in which the Public Improvements Act, 1860 (in this section referred to as 44 the Act of 1860 ") has effect, the powers conferred by this section shall be in substitution for any powers under that Act to place seats and shelters!

(3) The Act of 1860 (which, in so far as it relates to the provision of recreation grounds and public walks by parish councils, has been superseded by section eight of the Local Government Act, 1894, and, in so far as it confers powers on other local authorities, has been superseded by other enactments) shall cease to have effect; and accordingly for the purposes of subsection (3) of section one hundred and ninety-three of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which limits the sums which may be required to be raised in any financial year to meet the expenses of a parish council, other than expenses under the Act of 1860 and certain other Acts) any expenditure by a parish council in providing or acquiring land for a recreation ground or public walk under subsection (1) of the said section eight, or in exercising any powers under the said subsection (1) in relation to a recreation ground or public walk provided under that subsection or under the Act of 1860, shall be left out of account.

2. A parish council may provide, maintain and light such Power to public clocks within the parish as they consider necessary, and pr<?Y?*lo. (subject to the provisions of section five of this Act) may cause pu IC them to be installed on or against any premises or in any other place the situation of which may be convenient.

3.—(1) Where this subsection has effect in any parish or part Power to of a parish, the parish council or, if there is no parish council, the parish meeting may (subject to the provisions of section five peaces.

378

Ch. 42

Parish Councils , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part 1 of this Act) for the purpose of lighting the roads and other —public places in the parish, or in that part of the parish, as the case may be,—

(a) provide and maintain such lamps, lamp posts and other materials and apparatus as they think necessary;

0 b)cause such lamps, lamp posts and other materials and apparatus to be erected or installed on or against any premises or in such other places as may be convenient;

(c) contract with any person for the supply of gas, electricity or other means of lighting; and

() employ, with or without remuneration, such persons as may be necessary for the maintenance and superintendence of anything provided under this subsection.

(2) Subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect in place of the Lighting and Watching Act, 1833, in every parish or part of a parish in which that Act was in force immediately before the commencement of this Act; and—

(a) in a parish having a parish council, all property, debts

and liabilities of any inspectors under that Act shall vest in the parish council;

(b) in a parish not having a parish council, all such property,

debts and liabilities shall vest in the representative body of the parish, subject to such directions as may be given by the parish meeting under section forty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which provides that the representative body shall in all respects act in manner directed by the parish meeting).

(3) Subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section, subsection (1) of this section shall also have effect—

(a) in every parish for which it is adopted by the parish meeting; and

(b) in every part of a parish for which it is adopted by a parish meeting which, apart from this section, is authorised or required to be held for that part;

and the said subsection (1) may be adopted as aforesaid notwithstanding that it already has effect in any area within the parish or part of a parish for which it is so adopted:

Provided that the said subsection (1) shall not be adopted for any parish or part of a parish in respect of which a rural district council has the powers of an urban authority under section one hundred and sixty-one of the Public Health Act, 1875 (which confers powers of lighting on urban authorities) except with the consent of the Minister of Housing and Local Government, and the Minister shall not give his consent unless he is satisfied on the application of the parish meeting of the parish or part of a parish for which it is proposed to adopt the

1957

Parish Councils Act, 1957

Ch. 42

379

said subsection (1), and after consultation with the rural district council, that the rural district council is not exercising the said powers in relation to that parish or part of a parish in such a manner as to provide adequate lighting of the roads and other public places therein.

(4) Where, by an order under section two hundred and seventy-six of the said Act of 1875, a rural district council is invested with the powers of an urban authority under the said section one hundred and sixty-one in respect of any area in which subsection

(1) of this section has effect, the said subsection (1) shall cease to have effect in that area, and the supplementary provisions set out in subsection (1) of section one hundred and forty-eight and in sections one hundred and fifty and one hundred and fifty-one of the Local Government Act, 1933, shall for the purposes of this section apply in relation to the order as if it were an order made under Part VI of that Act making an alteration of authorities.

(5) Not less than fourteen days notice shall be given of any parish meeting at which it is proposed to adopt subsection (1) of this section, or to transact any business relating to an application to the Minister of Housing and Local Government for his consent to the adoption of that subsection or any other business relating to the adoption of that subsection; and accordingly for the purposes of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 2 of Part VI of the Third Schedule to the Local Government Act, 1933 (which provides that fourteen days notice shall be given of a parish meeting at which any business proposed to be transacted relates to the adoption of any of the adoptive Acts, or certain other matters) the expression " the adoptive Acts " shall include the said subsection (1).

(6) Where subsection (1) of this section has effect in part only of a parish, any rate levied to defray expenses incurred under this section shall be charged on that part of the parish only.

(7) Any damages recoverable for damage caused by negligence to any lamp, lamp-post or other thing provided under subsection (1) of this section shall, if the amount of the damages does not exceed twenty pounds, be recoverable summarily as a civil debt.

(8) Any expenditure by a parish council under this section shall be left out of account for the purposes of subsection (3) of section one hundred and ninety-three of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which limits the sums which may be required to be raised in any financial year to meet the expenses of a parish council, other than expenses under the Lighting and Watching Act, 1833, and certain other Acts).

(9) In subsection (1) of section twenty-three of the Road Traffic Act, 1934 (which confers on county councils power to light county roads, notwithstanding any powers to light those roads possessed by a local authority under the Public Health Act, 1875, or the

Part I

—COM.

380

Ch. 42

Parish Councils , 1957

5 & 6 ELiz. 2

Part 1 Lighting and Watching Act, 1833), for the words from " who

—com. have " to " the Lighting and Watching Act, 1833 " there shall be

substituted the words " by section three of the Parish Councils Act, 1957

Power to 4.—(1) Where for the purpose of relieving or preventing

provide congestion of traffic or preserving local amenities it appears to a

forbfcydm* P®"8^1 council to be necessary to provide within the parish and motor- suitable parking places for bicycles and motor-cycles, the parish cycles. council may provide and maintain such parking places in accor-

dance with the provisions of this section, and for that purpose (or for the purpose of providing means of entrance to and egress from any parking place provided under this section) may—

(a) utilise and adapt any land purchased by the council for

the purpose or appropriated for the purpose under subsection (2) of this section; or

(b) subject to the provisions of section five of this Act, adapt and by order authorise the use of any part of a road within die parish;

and the power under this subsection to provide and maintain parking places shall include power to provide and maintain structures for use as parking places.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in any other enactment, a parish council may, with the consent of the Minister of Housing and Local Government, appropriate for the purpose of providing a parking place under this section—

(a) any part of any recreation ground provided or maintained

by the council under section eight of the Local Government Act, 1894;

(b) any part of any open space controlled or maintained by

the council under the Open Spaces Act, 1906, other than a part which has been consecrated as a burial ground or in which burials have taken place;

(c) any part of any land provided by the council as a playing

field or for any other purpose under section four of the Physical Training and Recreation Act, 1937:

Provided that any part so appropriated shall not exceed one-eighth of the total area of the recreation ground, open space or land concerned, or eight hundred square feet, whichever is the less.

(3) No order under subsection (1) of this section shall authorise the use of any part of a road as a parking place under this section so as unreasonably to prevent access to any premises adjoining the road, or the use of the road by any person entitled to use it, or so as to be a nuisance.

1957

Parish Councils , 1957

Ch. 42

381

(4) Where a parish council propose to purchase or appropriate Part 1 any land for the purposes of this section, or to make an order —com. under this section authorising the use of any part of a road for those purposes, they shall, before carrying that proposal into effect,—

(a) cause a notice of the proposal (specifying the land to which

it relates) to be published in at least one newspaper circulating within their parish, and a copy of the notice to be posted for not less than fourteen days on the land; and

(b) consider any objection which is sent to them in writing

within such time (not being less than twenty-eight days) after the publication of the notice as may be specified therein, and give notice of their decision on the objection to the person by whom it was made;

and every notice under paragraph (b) of this subsection shall include notice of the right of appeal under subsection (5) of this section.

(5) If any person is aggrieved by any such decision as aforesaid, he may within twenty-one days after notice of the decision is given under subsection (4) of this section appeal therefrom by way of complaint to a magistrates* court, and the court may make such order in the matter as they consider reasonable; and where any person appeals under this subsection he shall give notice of the appeal and of the grounds thereof to the chairman of the parish council by which the decision was made, and nothing shall be done by the parish council to carry into effect the proposal to which that decision relates until the determination or abandonment of the appeal.

(6) A parish council may employ with or without remuneration such persons as may be necessary for the superintendence of parking places provided by the council under this section.

(7) A parish council may make byelaws (subject to the confirmation of the Secretary of State) as to the use of parking places provided under this section, and in particular as to the conditions upon which any such parking place may be used and as to the charges to be paid to the council in connection with the use of any parking place not being part of a road; and a copy of any byelaws made under this subsection shall be exhibited on or near every parking place to which they relate. 8

(8) A parish council may let for use as a parking place any parking place provided by them (not being part of a road) under this section; but (without prejudice to any power of a parish council under any other enactment to let a playing field or other land of which a parking place forms part) no single letting under this subsection shall be for a longer period than seven days.

382

Ch. 42

Parish Councils , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part 1

—coil/.

Provisions as to consents and access.

(9) The exercise by a parish council of their powers under this section with respect to the use as a parking place of any part of a road shall not render them subject to any liability in respect of loss of or damage to any vehicle or the fittings or contents of any vehicle parked in such a parking place.

(10) Any order made under this section may be varied or revoked by any subsequent order made in the like manner.

5.—(1) A parish council or parish meeting shall not have power by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act to provide any seat, shelter, clock, lamp or lamp post, any other material or apparatus, or any parking place—

(a) on any land or premises not forming part of a road, or

in a position obstructing or interfering with any existing access to any such land or premises, except with the consent of the owner and the occupier of the land or premises; or

(b) in any road which is not a highway or in any public path, except with the consent of the owner and the occupier of the land over which the road or path runs; or

(c) in any such situation or position as is described in the first

column of the following Table, except with the consent of the persons described in relation thereto in the second column of that Table.

Table

In any trunk road or any other road maintained The Minister, by the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation, or on land abutting on any such road.

In any road which is a highway (other than a The county council, trunk road or a road maintained as aforesaid or a public path) or on land abutting on any such road.

In any road which is a highway belonging to and The undertakers repairable by any railway, dock, harbour, concerned, canal, inland navigation or passenger road transport undertakers and forming the approach to any station, dock, wharf or depot of those undertakers.

On any bridge carrying a highway over any railway, dock, harbour, canal or inland navigation, or on the approaches to any such bridge or under any bridge carrying a railway, canal or inland navigation over a highway.

The railway, dock, harbour, canal or inland navigation undertakers concerned.

1957

Parish Councils , 1957

Ch. 42

383

(2) Any consent required by paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of Paxt 1 this section shall not unreasonably be withheld, but may be given —com, subject to any reasonable conditions, including a condition that

the parish council or parish meeting, as the case may be, shall remove any thing to the provision of which the consent relates either at any time or at or after the expiration of a period if %

reasonably required so to do by the person giving the consent.

(3) Any dispute between a parish council or parish meeting and a person whose consent is required under paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section whether that consent is unreasonably withheld or is given subject to reasonable conditions, or whether the removal of any thing to the provision of which the consent relates in accordance with any condition of the consent is reasonably required, shall—

(a) in the case of a dispute between the parish council or

parish meeting and the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation, be referred to and determined by an arbitrator to be appointed in default of agreement by the President of the Institution of Civil Engineers; and

(b) in any other case be referred to and determined by the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation, who may cause a local inquiry to be held for the purpose;

and section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933, shall apply in relation to a local inquiry held under this subsection as it applies in relation to such an inquiry held under that Act.

(4) Section six of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953 (which makes provision as to access to telegraphic lines, sewers, pipe-subways, pipes, wires and other apparatus) shall apply in relation to a parking place (including any structure for use as a parking place) or other thing provided by a parish council or parish meeting under this Part of this Act, and to the council or meeting by which the parking place or other thing is so provided, as it applies in relation to a shelter or other accommodation provided, and to the local authority by which it is provided, under section four of that Act.

(5) In this section and in the said section six as they apply in relation to a parking place provided under this Act which forms part of a road, references to removal shall be construed as including references to the suspension or revocation of the order authorising the use of that part of the road as a parking place.

6.—(1) A parish council or parish meeting may contribute Supplementary towards— power*.

(a) the reasonable expenses incurred by any person in doing anything which by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Act that council or meeting has power to do; and

Parish Councils , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

384

Ch. 42

Part 1 (6) the expenses incurred by any other parish council or

—cont‘ parish meeting in exercising their powers under any such

provision as aforesaid.

(2) Where before the commencement of this Act any parish council or parish meeting have provided anything which, after

• the said commencement, could be provided by them under any of

the foregoing provisions of this Act, or where either before or after the said commencement any other person has provided any such thing, the parish council or parish meeting shall have the like power to maintain that thing as if it had been provided by them under those provisions.

(3) Without prejudice to any other power of combination, a parish council or parish meeting having powers under any of the foregoing provisions of this Act may by agreement combine with any other parish council or parish meeting having the same powers for the purpose of exercising those powers.

Interpretation 7. In this Part of this Act except so far as the context otherwise of Part I. requires—

"in" in a context referring to things in a road includes a reference to things under, over, across, along or upon the road;

" owner " has the meaning assigned to it by section three hundred and forty-three of the Public Health Act, 1936;

" public path " has the meaning assigned to it by section twenty-seven of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act, 1949;

" road " means any highway (including a public path) and any other road, lane, footway, square, court, alley or passage (whether a thoroughfare or not) to which the public has access, but does not include a special road (as defined by die Special Roads Act, 1949).

Part II

Extension and Adaptation of other Powers

Powers to be 8.—(1) Every parish council shall be a local authority for the exercisable purposes of the Open Spaces Act, 1906, whether or not invested without with the powers of that Act by the council of the county within

ooSt?wu°ncil.which the Parish is situate-

(2) The approval or consent of the county council shall no longer be required for any of the following matters—

(a) for the incurring by a parish council or parish meeting of any expenditure under the War Memorials (Local Authorities’ Powers) Act, 1923;

1957 Parish Councils , 1957 Ch. 42

(b) by reason that it will involve a loan, for the incurring by

a parish council of any other expense or liability; or

(c) for the borrowing by a parish council of such sums as

may be required for any of the purposes mentioned in section one hundred and ninety-five of the Local Government Act, 1933.

9. In the application to England and Wales of section one Power of hundred and thirty of the Local Government Act, 1948 (which empowers certain local authorities to insure against accidents to

their members), the expression " local authority " shall include accidents to a parish council. members.

10. A parish council may contribute towards the expenses Power to

incurred by any other person in maintaining any place of inter- Awards * ment in which the remains of inhabitants of the parish are or expenses of may be interred. burial grounds.

11. —(1) The trustees or administrators of every parochial Power of charity, other than an ecclesiastical charity, shall deliver a copy P*™*1 council of the annual accounts which are required to be prepared by charityIV° section forty-four of the Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, accounts 1855—

(a) to the parish council of any parish with which the objects of the charity are identified, or

(b) to the chairman of the parish meeting of any such parish, where there is no parish council,

who shall present the accounts at the next parish meeting; and the said section forty-four (which, as amended by subsection (6) of section fourteen of the Local Government Act, 1894, requires a copy of such accounts as aforesaid to be delivered to the chairman of the parish meeting in all cases) shall have effect accordingly.

(2) In this section "parochial charity" and "ecclesiastical charity " have the meanings respectively assigned to them by section seventy-five of the Local Government Act, 1894.

Part in Miscellaneous

12. The maximum number of parish councillors for each Increase in

parish, or group of parishes, which may be fixed by the county maximum council shall be increased from fifteen to twenty-one; and accord- of

ingly, in subsection (1) of section fifty of the Local Government ^nn^iinr*

Act, 1933, for the word "fifteen " there shall be substituted the

words "twenty-one".

N

385

Part II

—corn.

386

Ch. 42

Parish Councils , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part III

—cont.

Expenses.

Interpretation.

Consequential amendments and repeals.

Short title and extent.

13. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the sums so payable under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, or under the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954, as amended by the Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956.

14. —(1) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall, except so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or applied by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

(2) In this Act " parish ", in relation to a common parish council acting for two or more grouped parishes, means those parishes.

15. —(1) Section one hundred and ninety-three of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which relates to the expenses of parish councils and parish meetings, and limits the sums which may be required to be raised in any financial year to meet those expenses) shall be amended—

(a) by substituting in subsection (3) for the words " (other

than expenses under the adoptive Acts or under Part VI of the Local Government Act, 1948)" the words " (other than expenses mentioned in the First Schedule to the Parish Councils Act, 1957) and

(b) by adding in subsection (5) after the words " the parish

meeting " the words " (other than expenses under the Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1950) ".

(2) The enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

16. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Parish Councils Act, 1957.

(2) Nothing in this Act extends to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

1957

Parish Councils , 1957

Ch. 42

387

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Expenses to be left out of account for purposes of Local Government Act, 1933, s. 193 (3)

1. Any expenditure under the Burial Acts, 1852 to 1906.

2. Any expenditure under the Public Libraries Acts, 1892 to 1919.

3. Any expenditure incurred in providing or acquiring land for a recreation ground or public walk under subsection (1) of section eight of the Local Government Act, 1894, or in exercising any powers under the said subsection (1) in relation to a recreation ground or public walk provided under that subsection or under the Public Improvements Act, 1860.

4. Any expenditure under the Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1950.

5. Any expenditure under Part VIII of the Public Health Act, 1936.

6. Any expenditure under Part VI of the Local Government Act, 1948.

7. Any expenditure under section three of this Act.

SECOND SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

3 & 4 Will. 4.

c. 90.

23 & 24 Vict.

c. 30.

38 & 39 Vict.

c. 55.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 73.

The Lighting and Watching Act, 1833.

The Public Improvements Act, 1860 The Public Health Act, 1875

The Local Government Act, 1894.

6 Edw. 7. c. 25

The Open Spaces Act, 1906

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 18.

The War Memorials (Local Authorities' Powers) Act, 1923.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Section one hundred and sixty-three.

In section seven, in subsection (1), paragraphs (a) and id).

In section one, the words from " invested " to the end of the section; in section seven, subsection (3).

In section two, in paragraph (a), the words "and be subject to the approval of the county council

Section 15.

Section 15.

388

Ch. 42

Parish Councils , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

23 & 24 Geo. 5. The Local Government Act, In section one hundred and

c. 51. 1933. ninety-three, in subsection (4), the words "and the approval of the county council*’; in section one hundred and ninety-five, the words "and of the county council’* in both places where those words occur; and in section three hundred and five, in the definition of "The Adoptive Acts " the words " The Lighting and Watching Act, 1833 ’* and the words "The Public Improvements Act, 1860".

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 49. The Public Health Act, 1936 In section two hundred and thirty, subsection (2).

11 &12 Geo.6. The Local Government Act, In section one hundred and

c. 26. 1948. fourteen, subsection (5).

14 Geo. 6.C.31 The Allotments Act, 1950... In section eleven, subsection (2).

c09

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Lighting and Watching Act, 1833

Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855 ...

Public Improvements Act, 1860

Public Health Act, 1875

Local Government Act, 1894

Open Spaces Act, 1906

War Memorials (Local Authorities’ Powers)

Act, 1923

Local Government Act, 1933

Road Traffic Act, 1934

Public Health Act, 1936

Physical Training and Recreation Act, 1937

Local Government Act, 1948

Special Roads Act, 1949

National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Local Government (Financial Provisions)

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956...

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 90.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 124.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 30.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

6 Edw. 7. c. 25.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 18.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50.

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8.C.49.

I Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 46.

II & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 32.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 97.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 13.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 60.

1957 Representation of the People Ch. 43,44 389

(Amendment) Act, 1957

CHAPTER 43

An Act to amend the Representation of the People Act, 1949, by assimilating the limitation on election expenses for candidates at parliamentary elections in constituencies in Northern Ireland to the limitation on those expenses for candidates at such elections in constituencies in Great Britain.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1, The maximum amounts of election expenses for candidates Limitation at parliamentary elections in county and borough constituencies of election in Northern Ireland shall be the same as those respectively specified in section sixty-four of the Representation of the People Ireland Act, 1949, for candidates at parliamentary elections in county constituencies, and borough constituencies in Great Britain and, accordingly, in 12,13 & 14 the said section sixty-four— Geo. 6. c. 68.

(a) the words " in Great Britain " in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (2);

(b) paragraph (c) of subsection (2); and

(c) subsection (5); are hereby repealed.

2. This Act may be cited as the Representation of the People Short title (Amendment) Act, 1957, and shall be included among the Acts and citation, which may be cited as the Representation of the People Acts.

CHAPTER 44

An Act to empower local health authorities to make available, for reward, ambulance services provided by them in pursuance of the National Health Service Act, 1946, and for purposes connected therewith.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—-(1) A local health authority who, for the purpose of Power to carrying out their duty under section twenty-seven of the maHe, National Health Service Act, 1946, are themselves providing ^ic<^nce ambulances and other means of transport without charge, shall available have power to make them available, for reward, for the purpose for reward, of conveying persons suffering from illness within the meaning 9 & 10 Geo. 6. of that Act from places in the area of the local health authority c- 81

390

Ch. 44, 45

National Health Service (Amendment) , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43.

Short title.

Salary of Comptroller.

to places in or outside their area, in circumstances in which they are not, by virtue of subsection (1) of the said section twenty-seven under a duty so to do.

(2) For the purposes of Part IV of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, as amended by any subsequent enactment, a motor vehicle used in pursuance of the foregoing subsection for the purpose therein mentioned shall not be treated as carrying passengers for hire or reward.

2. This Act may be cited as the National Health Service (Amendment) Act, 1957.

CHAPTER 45

An Act to make further provision as to the salary of the Comptroller and Auditor General and the performance of his duties.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Her Majesty may by letters patent grant to the Comptroller and Auditor General a salary at the rate of six thousand pounds per annum.

(2) The person who held the office of Comptroller and Auditor General on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-six shall be entitled to a salary at the rate aforesaid from that date as if it had been duly granted to him under this section.

(3) The House of Commons may from time to time by resolution increase the rate of the salary which may be granted under this section; and the person holding the office of Comptroller and Auditor General at the date on which such a resolution is passed shall as from that date, or such other date as may be specified in the resolution, be entitled to a salary at the increased rate as if it had been duly granted to him under this section.

(4) The salary payable to the Comptroller and Auditor General by virtue of this section shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund.

1957

Exchequer and Audit Departments Ch. 45

Act, 1957

391

2. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have Performance effect in substitution for subsection (3) of section eight of the of Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1921 (which enables an^11^8 authorised officer of the Comptroller and Auditor General’s authorisedX department to perform his functions under that Act and the officer. Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866, other than the certifying and reporting of accounts for the House of Commons)

and section forty-five of the Finance Act, 1926 (which makes similar provision in relation to warrants for the issue of Treasury hills and Exchequer bonds but only in the case of the Comptroller’s illness or absence).

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, anything which under any Act is required to be done by the Comptroller and Auditor General may be done by a principal officer of his department authorised for that purpose by the Comptroller and Auditor General.

(3) An authority given under this section to certify and report on accounts for the House of Commons or each House of Parliament—

(a) shall extend only to accounts in respect of which the Speaker of the House of Commons has certified to that House or, as the case may be, the Speaker has certified to that House and the Lord Chancellor to the House of Lords, that the Comptroller is unable to do so himself; and

(b) shall cease on a vacancy arising in the office of Comptroller

and Auditor General.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Exchequer and Audit Short title. Departments Act, 1957, and this Act and the Exchequer and and Audit Departments Acts, 1866 to 1950 may be cited together as repea1’

the Exchequer and Audit Departments Acts, 1866 to 1957.

(2) Subsection (3) of section eight of the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1921, section forty-five of the Finance Act,

1926, and section one of the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1950, are hereby repealed.

COO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866 Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1921

Finance Act, 1926

Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1950

29 & 30 Vict. c. 39. 11 & 12 Geo. 5.C.52. 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 22. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 3.

392 Ch. 46 Judicial Offices {Salaries 5 & 6 Eliz. 2 and Pensions') , 1957

Increases of salaries. CHAPTER 46 An Act to provide for increasing the salaries of the recorders of Liverpool and Manchester, of county court judges and of metropolitan police magistrates; to make further provision as to the pensions of the said recorders; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[17th July, 1957] TBE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— 1.—(1) There shall be paid— (a) to the recorder of Liverpool, during his service as a judge of the Crown Court at Liverpool and the Crown Court at Manchester, and to the recorder of Manchester, during his service as a judge of those courts, a salary of four thousand five hundred pounds a year, instead of the salary of four thousand pounds a year now payable; (b) to every county court judge a salary of three thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds a year, instead of the salary of two thousand eight hundred pounds a year now payable; (c) to the chief of the metropolitan police magistrates a salary of three thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds a year, instead of the salary of two thousand eight hundred pounds a year now payable; {) to every metropolitan police magistrate (other than the chief of them) a salary of three thousand four hundred pounds a year, instead of the salary of two thousand five hundred pounds a year now payable. (2) The salary payable under this section to a recorder, to a county court judge or to a metropolitan police magistrate— (a) shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund; (b) shall (subject to the next following subsection) begin from the date of his appointment and accrue due from day to day; and ic) shall be payable at such intervals, not exceeding three months, as the Treasury think fit. (3) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as from the eighteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven (the salary under this section of a recorder, judge or magistrate who held office on that day beginning from that

1957

Judicial Offices {Salaries

and Pensions) Act, 1957

Ch. 46

393

day instead of from the date of his appointment); and any judge or magistrate to whom a salary is payable under this section and who held office on that day, or was appointed after that day and before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed, for the purposes of any enactment relating to superannuation, to have received his salary under this section from that day, or from the date of his appointment, whichever is the later.

(4) If, at any time after the passing of this Act, it appears to the Lord Chancellor that any of the salaries specified in subsection (1) of this section ought to be increased, the Lord Chancellor, with the consent of the Treasury, may by order direct that such of those salaries as may be specified in the order shall be increased to such amount as may be so specified:

Provided that no order shall be made under this subsection unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(5) The power to make orders under the last preceding subsection shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and any order under that subsection—

(a) may contain such transitional, supplementary and incidental provisions as may appear to the Lord Chancellor to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order; and

(b) may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order under that subsection.

(6) In paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section ten of the 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1956 (which relates toc- 34* contributions by the city councils of Liverpool and Manchester

towards the salaries and pensions of the recorders of Liverpool and Manchester), after the words " this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or under the Judicial Offices (Salaries and Pensions) Act, 1957

2.—(1) In subsection (5) of section four of the Criminal Justice Pensions of Administration Act, 1956 (which relates to the pensions of the recorders of recorders of Liverpool and Manchester), for the words from " a LjverP°°land pension at the rate of one thousand pounds a year " to the end Manc ester* of the subsection, there shall be substituted the words " an annual sum by way of pension calculated in accordance with the provisions of the First Schedule to the Judicial Offices (Salaries and Pensions) Act, 1957

(2) The First Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the said subsection (5) as amended by the preceding subsection; and in that Schedule "the recorder*' means the recorder of Liverpool or of Manchester.

N*

394

Short title, repeals and extent.

Section 2.

Section 3

Ch. 46 Judicial Offices {Salaries 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

and Pensions) Act, 1957

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Judicial Offices (Salaries and Pensions) Act, 1957.

(2) The enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Pensions of Recorders of Liverpool and Manchester

The pension shall be calculated by reference to the last annual salary to which the recorder is entitled by virtue of section one of this Act, so that, when the number of the recorder’s completed years of service as a judge of the Crown Courts at Liverpool and Manchester is as specified in the first column of the following table, the amount of the annual pension is equal to the fraction of that salary specified in relation thereto in the second column of that table:—

Years of Service

5

6

7

8 9

10

11

12

13

14

15 or more

Fraction of Salary Ten-fortieths. Eleven-fortieths. Twelve-fortieths. Thirteen-fortieths. Fourteen-fortieths. Fifteen-fortieths. Sixteen-fortieths. Seventeen-fortieths. Eighteen-fortieths. Nineteen-fortieths. Twenty-fortieths.

SECOND SCHEDULE Repeals

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

15 & 16 Geo. 6. The Judicial Offices In section one, subsections (1) to

and 1 Eliz. 2. c. 12. (Salaries, &c.) Act, 1952. (3).

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 34. The Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1956. In section four, subsection (4).

1957

Ministerial Salaries Act, 1957

Ch. 47

395

CHAPTER 47

An Act to make further provision with respect to the salaries of certain Ministers and of the Leader of the Opposition; to provide for the extension to Ministers of the provisions of section forty-one of the Superannuation Act, 1949, relating to injuries incurred and diseases contracted in the discharge of duty; and for purposes connected therewith.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the amount Official salary or maximum amount of the annual salary authorised by any enactment in force immediately before the commencement of^J^}^ this section to be paid to the holder of a Ministerial office, being Leader of the an office in the case of which the amount so authorised does not Opposition* exceed three thousand pounds, is hereby increased—

(a) where the said amount is two thousand pounds or less, by one thousand pounds;

(b) in any other case, by seven hundred and fifty pounds.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to the salaries payable under the Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937, to die Financial Secretary and the Economic Secretary to the Treasury, but the maximum amount of the annual salaries so payable is hereby increased, in each case, to three thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds.

(3) The maximum amount of the annual salary authorised by section five of the Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937, to be paid to the Leader of the Opposition is hereby increased to three thousand pounds.

(4) In this section " Ministerial office " means any Ministerial office within the meaning of section two of the House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957, and any office of which the salary is paid out of moneys provided by Parliament under section two of the Ministerial Salaries Act, 1946 (which provides for the payment out of moneys so provided of the salaries of certain officers of Her Majesty’s Household).

2. Subsection (2) of section six of the Ministers of the Crown Parliamentary Act, 1937 (which, as amended by subsequent enactments, *J1.ar.ies of restricts the payment of parliamentary salaries and allowances M,n,sters*

N* 2

396

Ch. 47

Ministerial Salaries Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

in the case of certain Ministers) shall cease to have effect; and for the purposes of the proviso to subsection (2) of section four of that Act (which prohibits the payment of a pension under that subsection to a person who is in receipt of a salary payable out of moneys provided by Parliament) no account shall be taken of any salary or allowance payable out of moneys so provided to members of the House of Commons in respect of their membership of that House.

Extension 3. Section forty-one of the Superannuation Act, 1949 (which u> Ministers of makes provision for the payment to civil servants and other SET V*TSomemPloyed in a capacity for the purposes of Her

1949, s. 41. Majesty's Government of gratuities and allowances in respect of injuries incurred or diseases contracted in the discharge of their duties) shall apply in relation to persons holding office in Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom as it applies to persons employed in a civil capacity for the purposes of that Government.

Consequential 4.—(1) The enactments described in the first column of the

amendments First Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amend-and repeals. ments specified in the second column of that Schedule.

(2) The enactments described in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

Short title and 5.—(l) This Act may be cited as the Ministerial Salaries Act,

commence- 1957

meat

(2) This Act (except section three) shall be deemed to have come into force on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

SCHEDULES

Section 4. FIRST SCHEDULE

Consequential Amendment of Enactments Enactment Amendment

The Ministers of the Crown In section one, in subsection (1), in para-Act, 1937 (1 Edw. 8 & graph (b) for the words " three 1 Geo. 6. c. 38.) thousand " there shall be substituted

the words " three thousand seven hundred and fifty

1957

Ministerial Salaries Act, 1957

Ch. 47

397

Enactment The Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937—cont.

The Ministry of Supply Act, 1939 (2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 38.)

The Ministry of National Insurance Act, 1944 (7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 46.)

The Ministerial Salaries Act, 1946 (9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 55.)

Amendment

In section one, in subsection (2), the following shall be substituted for paragraph (a)—

" (a) in the case of the Parliamentary Secretary, the Financial Secretary and the Economic Secretary to the Treasury, be three thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds each; ";

in paragraph (b) for the word "two " there shall be substituted the word "three"; in paragraph (c) for the words " fifteen hundred " there shall be substituted the words " two thousand five hundred"; in paragraph () for the words " twelve hundred " there shall be substituted the words " two thousand five hundred"; and in the proviso for the word "three " there shall be substituted the word "five ".

In section five, for the word "two " there shall be substituted the word "three ".

In section one, in subsection (3), in paragraph (6), for the words " fifteen hundred " there shall be substituted the words " two thousand five hundred

In section three, in subsection (1), in paragraph (6) for the words " fifteen hundred " there shall be substituted the words " two thousand five hundred "#

In section one, in subsection (3) for the words " three thousand " there shall be substituted the words " three thousand seven hundred and fifty

In section one, in subsection (4) for the words " twelve hundred " there shall be substituted the words " two thousand two hundred ", and for the words " one thousand " there shall be substituted the words " two thousand ".

In section two, for the words " twelve hundred " there shall be substituted the words " two thousand two hundred ", and for the words " one thousand " there shall be substituted the words " two thousand

1st Sch. —cont.

398

Ch. 47, 48

Ministerial Salaries Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 4.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 38. The Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937. In section six, subsection (2).

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Ministerial Salaries In section one, in subsection (1),

c. 55. Act, 1946. paragraph (c). Section three.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 5. The Ministers of the Crown (Treasury Secretaries) Act, 1947. In section one, paragraph (a).

oooo i

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937 Ministerial Salaries Act, 1946 Superannuation Act, 1949 House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957 ... 1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 38. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 55. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 44. 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

CHAPTER 48

Electricity , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Reorganisation

Section

1. Dissolution of Central Electricity Authority.

2. Establishment, constitution and functions of Central Electricity

Generating Board.

3. Establishment, constitution and functions of Electricity Council.

4. Whole-time members of Generating Board, Electricity Council and

Area Boards.

5. Consultative Councils.

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

399

Generation of electricity by Area , and provision for research

Section

6. Generation of electricity by Area Boards.

7. Research.

Provisions as to administration, and as to conditions of employment

8. Powers of Minister in relation to Electricity Council and Electricity

Boards.

9. Representations by Electricity Boards to Electricity Council.

10. Annual reports.

11. Consolidated statements of accounts.

12. Machinery for settling terms and conditions of employment.

Finances of Electricity Boards and Electricity Council

13. General duty of Boards to balance revenue account.

14. Tariffs and special agreements.

15. Borrowing powers of Electricity Council, Generating Board and Area

Boards.

16. Issue of stock.

17. Treasury guarantees.

18. Estimates of Boards' requirements and allocations to them of liabilities

in respect of stock.

19. Central guarantee fund.

20. Reserve funds.

21. Contributions by Electricity Boards to expenses of Electricity Council.

22. Application of surplus revenues of Electricity Boards.

23. Compensation to local authorities.

24. Provisions as to income tax and profits tax.

Transfer of undertaking of Central Authority to Electricity Council and Generating Board

25. Transfer of assets and liabilities of Central Authority.

26. Supplementary provisions as to transfer of assets and liabilities.

27. Compensation to members and officers of Central Authority and Area

Boards.

Miscellaneous and supplementary provisions

28. Supply of electricity to railways.

29. Maximum charges for reselling electricity supplied by Electricity

Boards.

30. Certification of meters.

31. Placing of service lines above ground.

32. Further provisions as to placing of electric lines.

33. Provisions as to construction or extension of generating stations.

34. Special provisions as to public inquiries.

35. Entry on land for purposes of exploration.

36. Expedition of highway procedure in connection with electricity works.

37. Preservation of amenity.

38. Status of Electricity Council, Generating Board and Area Boards.

39. Administrative expenses.

40. Interpretation.

400

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 B2

Dissolution of Central Electricity Authority.

Establishment,

constitution

and functions

of Central

Electricity

Generating

Board.

Section

41. Transitional provisions.

42. Amendment and adaptation of enactments, and repeals.

43. Short title, citation, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Consultative Councils.

Second Schedule—Supplementary Provisions as to Public Inquiries. Third Schedule—Transitional Provisions.

Fourth Schedule—Amendment and Adaptation of Enactments.

Part I—Amendments of Electricity Act, 1947.

Part II—Amendments and Adaptations of Other Enactments. Fifth Schedule—Enactments Repealed.

An Act to provide for the dissolution of the Central Electricity Authority and the establishment of a Central Electricity Generating Board and an Electricity Council, and for the transfer of functions of the said Authority to that Board or Council or to the Minister of Power; to make further provision as to other matters relating to the supply of electricity; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[17th July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Reorganisation

1. On the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight (in this Act referred to as " the vesting date "), the Central Electricity Authority shall cease to exist.

2. —(1) There shall be established a Board, to be called the Central Electricity Generating Board (in this Act referred to as " the Generating Board "), who shall, as from the vesting date, perform the functions assigned to them by or under this Act, together with such functions of the Central Authority under the Electricity Act, 1947 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act "), and other enactments, as by virtue of this Act are transferred to the Generating Board.

(2) The Generating Board shall consist of a chairman appointed by the Minister and such number of other members so appointed, not being less than seven or more than nine, as the Minister may from time to time determine.

195T

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

401

(3) All the members of the Generating Board shall be appointed by the Minister from amongst persons appearing to him to be qualified as having had experience of, and having shown capacity in, the generation or supply of electricity, industrial, commercial or financial matters, applied science, administration, or the organisation of workers.

(4) The Minister shall appoint one or more members of the Generating Board to be deputy chairman or deputy chairmen of the Board.

(5) Without prejudice to any other functions assigned or transferred to them as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, it shall as from the vesting date be the duty of the Generating Board to develop and maintain an efficient, co-ordinated and economical system of supply of electricity in bulk for all parts of England and Wales, and for that purpose—

(a) to generate or acquire supplies of electricity; and

(by to provide bulk supplies of electricity for the Area Boards for distribution by those Boards.

(6) In accordance with any agreement made in that behalf by the Generating Board with the person or body of persons to be supplied, the Generating Board may provide bulk supplies of electricity—

(a) for either of the Scottish Electricity Boards, or

(b) for any person or body of persons carrying on an

electricity undertaking outside Great Britain,

and may provide supplies of electricity (whether in bulk or otherwise) for any other person or body of persons for whom the Generating Board may for the time being be authorised by the Minister to provide such supplies.

(7) The Generating Board shall have power—

(a) to manufacture anything required by the Generating

Board or by any Area Board for purposes of research or development or for the repair or maintenance of their equipment;

(b) to sell, hire or otherwise supply electrical plant, and

to instal, repair, maintain or remove any electrical plant and electrical fittings; and

(c) to carry on all such other activities as it may appear to

the Generating Board to be requisite, advantageous or convenient for them to carry on for or in connection

402

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

with the performance of their functions under the preceding provisions of this section or with a view to making the best use of any assets vested in them:

Provided that nothing in paragraph (c) of this subsection, or in the principal Act, shall be construed as authorising the Generating Board to manufacture anything except as mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, or to sell, hire or otherwise supply electrical fittings.

(8) For the purposes of any enactment (including the principal Act and this Act) the Generating Board shall be included among the Boards referred to as Electricity Boards, or as Electricity Boards in England and Wales.

Establishment, 3.—(1) There shall be established a Council, to be called the

oonstitotion Electricity Council, who shall, as from die vesting date, perform the functions assigned to them by or under this Act, together Council with such functions of the Central Authority under the principal Act and other enactments as by virtue of this Act are transferred to the Electricity Council.

(2) The Electricity Council shall be constituted as follows:—

(a) the Minister shall appoint a person to be the chairman

of the Council, and shall appoint two other persons to be deputy chairmen of the Council, and may (in addition to the members so appointed) appoint as members of the Council such number, not exceeding three, of other persons (being persons appearing to the Minister to be qualified as mentioned in subsection (3) of the last preceding section) as he may from time to time determine;

(b) three other members shall be the person for the time

being holding office as chairman of the Generating Board, and such other members of that Board as may be designated by that Board; and

(c) the remaining members shall be the persons for the

time being holding the office of chairman of pn Area Board:

Provided that the deputy chairman of an Area Board shall be entided to attend meetings of the Electricity Council in place of the chairman of that Board during any vacancy in the office of chairman or in the event of the chairman being unable to attend owing to illness or absence from Great Britain; and any member of the Generating Board designated by the Board in that behalf shall be entitled to attend meetings of the Electricity Council—

(i) in place of the chairman of the Generating Board, during any vacancy in the office of chairman of that Board, or

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

403

<ii) in place of any of the members of the Council referred to in paragraph (b) of this subsection, in the event of any inability of that member to attend owing to illness or absence from Great Britain,

and any person attending a meeting of the Electricity Council by virtue of this proviso in place of another person shall, in relation to that meeting, have the same rights, powers and duties as the person in whose place he attends.

(3) A person who is for the time being a member of an Electricity Board shall not be eligible to be appointed by the Minister by virtue of paragraph (a) of the last preceding subsection to be a member of the Electricity Council, whether as chairman, deputy chairman or otherwise; and, notwithstanding anything in the last preceding section or in any other enactment, a person who is for the time being a member of the Electricity Council so appointed shall not be eligible for appointment as a member of an Electricity Board.

(4) Without prejudice to any other functions assigned or transferred to the Electricity Council as mentioned in subsection (B of this section, it shall as from the vesting date be the duty of that Council—

(a) to advise the Minister on questions affecting the elec-

tricity supply industry and matters relating thereto; and

(b) to promote and assist the maintenance and develop-

ment by Electricity Boards in England and Wales of an efficient, co-ordinated and economical system of electricity supply.

(5) The Electricity Council shall have power, if so authorised by all the Electricity Boards in England and Wales, or by any group of those Boards, to perform services for, or act on behalf of, die Boards concerned in relation to matters of common interest to those Boards.

(6) Subsection (5) of section two of the principal Act (which confers ancillary powers on Electricity Boards), and subsections

(I), (6), (7) and (8) of section three of that Act (which relate respectively to the incorporation of Electricity Boards, to the remuneration, allowances and pensions of members of Electricity Boards, to the power of the Minister to make regulations with respect to Electricity Boards, and to the regulation of their procedure subject to any such regulations) shal apply in relation to the Electricity Council as they apply in relation to any of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales.

(7) The power to make regulations under subsection (7) of section three of the principal Act, as applied in relation to the Electricity Council by the last preceding subsection, shall be

le

404

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Whole-time members of Generating Board, Electricity Council and Area Boards.

Consultative

Councils.

Generation of Electricity by Area Boards.

exercisable by statutory instrument; and any instrument containing any such regulations shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

(8) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the provisions of this section as to the functions of the Electricity Council (including the provisions of subsection (5) of section two of the principal Act as applied to that Council) relate only to the capacity of the Electricity Council as a statutory corporation; and nothing in those provisions shall be construed as authorising the disregard by that Council of any enactment or rule of law.

4. —(1) The office of chairman of the Generating Board or of the Electricity Council shall not be held except by a person appointed as a whole-time member of the Board or Council.

(2) Subject to the preceding subsection, in the exercise of his powers of appointing members of the Generating Board or of the Electricity Council in accordance with sections two and three of this Act, or of appointing members of an Area Board in accordance with section three of the principal Act, the Minister shall secure that as many of the members so appointed as he may consider requisite for the efficient performance of the functions of the Council or Board shall be appointed as whole-time members of the Council or Board.

5. —(1) Section seven of the principal Act (under which a Consultative Council is established for the area of each Area Board) shall, in its application to England and Wales, have effect subject to the amendments specified in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) The section set out in Part II of the First Schedule to this Act shall be inserted in the principal Act after section seven; and the said section seven shall cease to extend to Scotland.

Generation of electricity by Area Boards, and provision for

research

6. —(1) If it appears to an Area Board to be expedient that the Board should generate electricity for the purpose of distribution to consumers whom they are required or authorised to supply, the Board, after consultation with the Generating Board and the Electricity Council, may formulate proposals for the generation of electricity by them for that purpose and may submit those proposals to the Minister.

(2) Where any proposals under this section have been submitted to the Minister and have been approved by him, with or without modifications, the Area Board submitting the proposals shall have power to generate electricity in accordance with those proposals as so approved.

1957

Electricity Act, 1957

Ch. 48

405

(3) Subsection (9) of section two of the principal Act (which relates to the construction of provisions conferring powers on Electricity Boards) shall have effect in relation to the provisions of this section as it has effect in relation to the provisions referred to in that subsection.

7.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Electricity Council to settle Research, from time to time, in consultation with the Minister, a general programme of research into matters affecting the supply of electricity and other matters affecting the functions of Area Boards, the Generating Board or the Electricity Council.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Electricity Council to secure the carrying out of any general programme setded by them under the preceding subsection; and for that purpose they may themselves conduct research into any of the matters mentioned in that subsection and may make arrangements with any other persons, including any of the Electricity Boards, for the conduct of such research by them.

(3) Any of the Area Boards or the Generating Board may conduct research in accordance with arrangements made by the Electricity Council under this section, and may also, after consultation with the Electricity Council, conduct research into such matters affecting the functions of the Board as are not for the time being included in the general programme settled by the Council.

Provisions as to administration, and as to conditions of employment

8.—(1) The Minister may give to the Electricity Council, or Powers of to any of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales, such Minister in directions of a general character as to the performance by that Council or Board of their functions as appear to the Minister council Mid to be requisite in the national interest. Electricity

(2) Before giving any directions to the Electricity Council Boardi* under the preceding subsection the Minister shall consult the Council; and before giving any directions to an Electricity Board under that subsection, the Minister shall consult that Board and the Electricity Council.

(3) The Minister may, after consultation with the Electricity Council, give directions to any of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales as to the use or disposal of any assets vested in the Board which are not connected with the generation, transmission or distribution of electricity.

(4) In carrying out such measures of reorganisation or such works of development as involve substantial outlay on capital account, each of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales

406

Ch. 48

Electricity Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

shall act in accordance with a general programme settled by the Board from time to time after consultation with the Electricity Council and approved by the Minister.

(5) The Electricity Council shall furnish the Minister with such returns, accounts and other information as he may require with respect to the property and activities of the Council and of Electricity Boards in England and Wales, and shall afford to him facilities for verifying such information, in such manner and at such times as he may reasonably require.

(6) Each of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales shall afford to the Electricity Council, and, if the Minister so requires, to the Minister, facilities for obtaining information with respect to the property and activities of the Board, and shall furnish the Electricity Council, and, if he so requires, the Minister, with returns, accounts and other information with respect thereto, and shall afford to the Electricity Council and the Minister facilities for verifying such information, in such manner and at such times as the Council or the Minister may reasonably require.

Representations b Electricity Boards to Electricity Council

9.—(1) Any of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales may make representations to the Electricity Council on any matter relating to the performance of the functions of any other of those Boards;

Provided that an Electricity Board, before making any representations under this subsection with respect to any matter relating to the functions of another Electricity Board, shall consult that Board with respect to that matter.

(2) Where any representations are made to the Electricity Council under the preceding subsection, and, after consultation with the Board making the representations and with the Board to whom the representations relate, it appears to the Council that a defect is disclosed in the general plans and arrangements of either or both of those Boards for the performance of their functions, the Electricity Council may give to that Board or those Boards such advice as they think fit for remedying the defect.

(3) The Electricity Council may make representations to the Minister on any matters arising out of advice given by them to an Electricity Board under this section; and if it appears to the Minister, after consultation with that Board and with the Electricity Council, that a defect is disclosed in that Board’s general plans and arrangements for the performance of their functions, he may give such directions to that Board as he thinks necessary for remedying the defect

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

407

10. —(1) Every Area Board and the Generating Board shall. Annual as soon as possible after the end of each financial year, make reports, to the Minister a report on the performance by them of their functions during that year and on their policy and programmes;

and every Area Board and the Generating Board shall, as soon as their report has been made to the Minister, send a copy thereof to the Electricity Council.

(2) As soon as possible after copies of the reports of the Generating Board and all the Area Boards for any financial year have been received by the Electricity Council, die Council shall make to the Minister a report consisting of—

(a) a report on the performance by the Council of their

functions during that year, and on the policy and programmes of the Council, and

(b) a general review of the activities and progress during

that year of the electricity supply industry in England and Wales, taking that industry as a whole.

(3) Every report made under this section by an Area Board, the Generating Board or the Electricity Council for any year shall set out any directions given by the Minister to the Board or Council during that year, except any direction in the case of which the Minister has notified to the Board or Council his opinion that it should be omitted in the interests of national security.

(4) The Minister may give directions as to the form of the reports to be made under the preceding provisions of this section.

(5) A Consultative Council for the area of any Area Board may, in respect of any financial year of the Board, make to the Board a report on the performance by the Council of their functions during that year; and any such report shall be made to the Board as soon as possible after the end of the financial year in question, and the Board shall include that report in the report made by them under this section.

(6) The Minister shall lay before each House of Parliament a copy of the report made for each financial year by each Area Board, the Generating Board and the Electricity Council, and shall at the same time lay before each House of Parliament a report with respect to the performance of his functions during that year under the principal Act and this Act and the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1936, except as regards matters which in his opinion it is against the interests of national security to disclose.

11. —(1) In addition to the statements of accounts required by Consolidated section forty-six of the principal Act, the Electricity Council shall statements of prepare, in respect of each financial year beginning on or after

the vesting date, a consolidated statement of accounts of the

408 Ch. 48 Electricity , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Machinery for settling terms and conditions of employment. Council, the Generating Board and the Area Boards for that year in such form as the Minister, with the approval of the Treasury, may direct, being a form which shall conform with the best commercial standards. (2) The form of a consolidated statement under this section shall be such as to provide separate information with respect to the generation of electricity, the distribution of electricity, and each of the other main activities of the electricity supply industry in England and Wales, and to show as far as may be die financial and operating results of each such activity. (3) The consolidated statement prepared under this section for a financial year shall be submitted to the auditors appointed by the Minister to audit the accounts of the Electricity Council for that year, and those auditors shall make a report on the statement. (4) As soon as the auditors have made a report on a consolidated statement prepared under this section, the Electricity Council shall send a copy of the statement and of that report to the Minister; and copies of the statement and report shall be made available to the public at a reasonable price. (5) The Minister shall lay before each House of Parliament a copy of every statement prepared under this section and of the report of the auditors thereon. 12.—(1) Except in so far as they are satisfied that adequate machinery exists for achieving the purposes of this section, it shall be the duty of the Electricity Council and the Scottish Electricity Boards to seek joint consultations with any organisation appearing to them to be appropriate, with a view to the conclusion between the Council, those Boards and that organisation of such joint agreements as appear to the parties to be desirable with respect to the establishment and maintenance of machinery for— (a) the settlement by negotiation of terms and conditions of employment of persons employed by the Electricity Council or by Electricity Boards, with provision for reference to arbitration in default of such settlement in such cases as may be determined by or under the agreements; and (b) the promotion, improvement and encouragement of measures affecting the safety, health, welfare, education and training of persons employed by the Electricity Council or by Electricity Boards, and the discussion of other matters of mutual interest to that Council or those Boards and persons so employed, including efficiency in the operation of the services of the Council or the Boards.

1957

Electricity Act, 1957

Ch. 48

409

(2) Before entering into any agreement in pursuance of the preceding subsection, the Electricity Council shall consult the Generating Board and each of the Area Boards.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Generating Board and of each of the Area Boards to comply with any agreement concluded in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section.

(4) In so far as the Generating Board or any Area Board are required by subsection (2) of section two of the principal Act to consult with any organisation appearing to them to be appropriate with respect to the performance of their duty under that subsection to provide, or assist the provision of, facilities for training and education, the Board, in determining what organisation is appropriate, shall have regard to any machinery established for the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section.

(5) The Electricity Council and each of the Scottish Electricity Boards shall send to the Minister, the Secretary of State and the Minister of Labour and National Service a copy of any agreement concluded for the purposes of this section to which the Council or that Board, as the case may be, are a party.

Finances of Electricity Boards and Electricity Council

13. It shall be the duty of the Generating Board and of each General duty of the Area Boards so to perform their functions as to secure

that the revenues of the Board are not less than sufficient to avenue meet the outgoings of the Board properly chargeable to revenue account account, taking one year with another.

14. —(1) The following subsection shall be substituted for Tariffs and subsection (1) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act (which special relates to the prices to be charged by the Central Authority):— agree™60

" (1) The prices to be charged by the Generating Board for the supply of electricity by them to Area Boards shall be in accordance with such tariffs as may be fixed from time to time by the Generating Board after consultation with the Electricity Council; and different tariffs may be fixed for different Area Boards ".

(2) In subsection (3) of the said section thirty-seven (which relates to the prices to be charged by Area Boards), the following words shall be substituted for the words from the beginning of the subsection to the words "fixed from time to time by them —

" Subject to the provisions of the Electricity Act, 1957, with respect to railways, the prices to be charged by an Area Board for the supply of electricity by them shall be in accordance with such tanffs as may be fixed from time to

Ch. 48

Electricity Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

time by them after consultation with the Consultative

Council established for their area and with the Electricity

Council

(3) Where a consumer has requested an Area Board to enter into an agreement with him under subsection (7) of the said section thirty-seven (under which Area Boards are empowered to enter into special agreements with consumers), or to renew an agreement entered into under that subsection, or to vary the terms of such an agreement, and the Board—

(a) have refused to comply with that request, or

(b) have refused to comply with it except on terms which

are not acceptable to the consumer,

the consumer may refer the matter to the Consultative Council established for the area of that Board.

(4) The grounds on which a consumer may refer a matter to a Consultative Council under the last preceding subsection are as follows, that is to say,—

(a) where the consumer’s request to the Board to enter into

or renew an agreement has been refused, that, owing to special circumstances, the tariffs in force in the area are not appropriate to him;

(b) where the consumer’s request to the Board to vary the

terms of an agreement have been refused, that, owing to a change of circumstances since the agreement was made, its terms have ceased to be reasonable;

(c) in any other case, that the terms proposed by the Board

are unreasonable.

(5) Where a matter is referred to a Consultative Council under subsection (3) of this section, then, without prejudice to any functions of the Consultative Council or of the Electricity Council under section seven of the principal Act,—

(a) if it appears to the Consultative Council that the con-

sumer has established to their satisfaction the grounds on which the matter was referred to them, the Council shall notify their conclusions to the consumer and to the Area Board;

(b) if it appears to the Consultative Council that the con-

sumer has not so established those grounds, the Council shall notify their conclusions to the consumer;

(c) if the consumer is dissatisfied with the conclusions of the

Consultative Council, or if (in a case falling within paragraph (a) of this subsection) he claims that the Area Board have failed to give effect to those conclusions, he may refer the matter to the Electricity Council,

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

411

on the same grounds as those on which the matter was referred to the Consultative Council, subject to any modifications which may be appropriate in view of any subsequent proposal of the Area Board; and

() if it appears to the Electricity Council, after consultation with the Area Board and with the Consultative Council, that the consumer has established to the satisfaction of the Electricity Council the grounds on which the matter was referred to them, the Electricity Council may give to the Area Board such advice as they may consider appropriate in die circumstances.

(6) Any reference in this section to a refusal to comply with a request includes a reference to a failure to comply with it within a reasonable time after the request is made.

15.—(1) The Electricity Council, the Generating Board or Borrowing any Area Board, with the consent of the Minister and with the powers of approval of the Treasury, or in accordance with the terms of any general authority issued by the Minister with the approval Generating of the Treasury, may borrow temporarily, by way of overdraft Board and or otherwise, such sums as the borrowing Council or Board Area Boards, may require for meeting their obligations or performing their functions.

(2) The Electricity Council, with the consent of the Minister and the approval of the Treasury, may borrow money by the issue of British Electricity Stock, for all or any of the following purposes, that is to say,—

(a) the redemption of any British Electricity Stock;

(b) the repayment of Exchequer advances made to the

Central Authority or to the Electricity Council;

(c) the provision of money for meeting any expenditure

incurred by the Electricity Council, the Generating Board or any Area Board in connection with any works the cost of which is properly chargeable to capital account;

(d) the provision of any working capital required by the Electricity Council, the Generating Board or any Area Board;

(e) any other purpose for which capital moneys are properly applicable by the Electricity Council, the Generating Board or any Area Board, including the repayment of money temporarily borrowed by them for any of the purposes mentioned in this subsection;

</) any other payment which the Electricity Council, the Generating Board or any Area Board are authorised to make and which ought, in the opinion of the Electricity Council, to be spread over a term of years.

412

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(3) The Electricity Council may raise money, for all or any of the purposes mentioned in the last preceding subsection, by the taking of Exchequer advances from the Minister.

(4) The Generating Board or any Area Board, after consultation with the Electricity Council, and with the consent of the Minister and the approval of the Treasury, may borrow money by the issue of stock, for all or any of the following purposes, that is to say,—

ia) the redemption of any stock issued by the Board;

(b) the provision of money for meeting any expenditure

incurred by the Board in connection with any works the cost of which is properly chargeable to capital account;

(c) the provision of any working capital required by the Board;

(d) the discharge of any responsibility allocated to the Board in respect of British Electricity Stock or Exchequer advances, in so far as that responsibility is attributable to the principal of that Stock or of those advances;

(e) any other purpose for which capital moneys are properly applicable by the Board, including the repayment of any money temporarily borrowed by the Board for any of the purposes mentioned in this subsection;

if) any other payment which the Board are authorised to make and which ought in their opinion to be spread over a term of years.

(5) The aggregate of the amounts outstanding in respect of—

(u) the principal of any British Electricity Stock issued by

the Central Authority, otherwise than for the purpose of paying compensation under Part II of the principal Act whether in stock or cash, and

(b) the principal of any Exchequer advances made to the Central Authority or to the Electricity Council, and

(c) the principal of any stock issued under this Act, and

(d) any temporary loans raised by the Central Authority, the Electricity Council, the Generating Board or any Area Board,

shall not at any time exceed the sum of fourteen hundred million pounds:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prevent the Electricity Council, the Generating Board or any Area Board from borrowing for the purpose of redeeming any stock which they are required or entitled to redeem, or of repaying Exchequer advances, or of repaying any money temporarily borrowed by them.

1957

Electricity Act, 1957

Ch. 48

413

(6) Neither the Electricity Council nor the Generating Board nor any Area Board shall borrow any money except in accordance with the preceding provisions of this section.

(7) In this Act " Exchequer advances " means advances made under section forty-two of the Finance Act, 1956 (which provides for the making of Exchequer advances to nationalised industries and undertakings).

16.—(1) The Electricity Council may create and issue any issue of stock, stock required for the purpose of exercising their powers under the last preceding section; and any stock so created and issued shall, in common with any British Electricity Stock issued by the Central Authority under the principal Act, be known as British Electricity Stock, and shall be included in the stock referred to by that name in any enactment (including the principal Act and this Act).

(2) The Generating Board or any Area Board may create and issue any stock required for the purpose of exercising their powers under the last preceding section; and any stock so created and issued by one of those Boards shall be known by the name of that Board followed by the word "Stock ".

(3) Subject to the provisions of the Third Schedule to the principal Act (which relates to the issue of British Electricity Stock in satisfaction of compensation), British Electricity Stock shall be issued, transferred, dealt with and redeemed upon such terms and in accordance with such provisions as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury; and any such regulations may, in relation to any such stock, apply (with or without modifications) any provisions of the Local Loans Act, 1875, or of any enactments relating to stock issued by a local authority.

(4) For the purposes of issues of stock by the Generating Board or by Area Boards, provision may be made by regulations made by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury—

(a) for empowering the Board issuing any such stock to

charge the stock and the interest thereon upon the revenues of the Board, with or without power to charge the stock and the interest thereon upon the undertaking of the Board;

(b) for treating the obligations of such a Board under the

following provisions of this Act in respect of payments to the Electricity Council, and contributions to the central guarantee fund, as a charge upon the revenues and undertaking of the Board, and for determining how that charge shall rank in relation to any charge upon those revenues or that undertaking created by the Board in connection with any such issue of stock;

414

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(c) for prescribing (subject to any provision made by virtue

of the last preceding paragraph) the terms upon which any such stock may be issued, transferred, dealt with or redeemed;

() for applying (with or without modifications) any provi-

sions of the Local Loans Act, 1875,or of any enactments relating to stock issued by a local authority;

and different provision may be made by any such regulations in relation to different Boards or in relation to different issues of stock by the same Board.

(5) The power to make regulations under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and any instrument containing such regulations shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

Treasury 17.—(1) The Treasury may guarantee, in such manner and on

guarantees. such conditions as they think fit, the redemption or repayment of, and the payment of any interest on,—

(a) any British Electricity Stock, or

(b) any temporary loan raised by the Electricity Council, the

Generating Board or any Area Board.

(2) Any sums required by the Treasury for fulfilling any guarantee given under the preceding subsection, or under section forty-two of the principal Act, shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund; and all such sums, together with interest thereon at such rate as the Treasury may determine, shall be repaid to the Treasury by the Electricity Council in such manner and over such period as the Treasury, after consultation with the Minister, may determine.

(3) Immediately after a guarantee is given under this section, the Treasury shall lay a statement of the guarantee before each House of Parliament.

(4) Where any sum is issued out of the Consolidated Fund under this section, the Treasury shall forthwith lay before each House of Parliament a statement that that sum has been issued.

(5) Any sums repaid to the Treasury under subsection (2) of this section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

Estimates 18.—(1) The Generating Board and each Area Board shall

of Boards’ submit to the Electricity Council, at such times as the Council re<lul^mc°ts may direct, periodical estimates of the sums that they will tothcmof °nS require to be provided by means of borrowing by the issue of liabilities in British Electricity Stock, and shall provide therewith such infor-respect of mation as the Electricity Council may require as to the purposes stock. for which those sums will be required; and the Electricity

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

415

Council shall not proceed to exercise any powers exercisable by them of borrowing for the purpose of defraying expenditure incurred by any such Board in carrying out reorganisation or development unless the Council are satisfied that the reorganisation or development will be in accordance with a general programme settled by the Board and approved by the Minister under subsection (4) of section eight of this Act.

(2) Where the Electricity Council borrow money by the issue of British Electricity Stock, they shall determine, in accordance with a scheme from time to time settled by the Council with the Minister, after giving to the Generating Board and each Area Board an opportunity to make representations thereon to him, the shares in which the ultimate responsibility for meeting obligations in respect of that issue of stock is to be borne; and the scheme shall provide—

(a) for allocating to the Electricity Council responsibility

in respect of stock issued for the provision of money required by the Council for the performance of their functions, and for allocating to the Generating Board and the Area Boards responsibility in respect of all other stock issued for the purpose of borrowing money, having regard to the extent to which the money is borrowed for the purposes of the respective Boards;

(b) for allocating to the Generating Board, the Area Boards

and the Electricity Council responsibility in respect of any stock issued for the purpose of redeeming or converting British Electricity Stock, in the same proportions as responsibility was allocated in respect of the stock to be redeemed or converted.

(3) The Generating Board and each Area Board shall, at such times as may be directed by the Electricity Council, pay to the Council—

(a) such sums as may be necessary to enable the Council

to make any payments, or to refund to themselves any payments made, in respect of interest on or the redemption of British Electricity Stock, including payments into a sinking fund, in so far as the payments are attributable to stock for which the Generating Board or Area Board, as the case may be, are ultimately responsible under this section, and

(b) such contributions towards the expenses incurred by the

Electricity Council in issuing any British Electricity Stock, and in managing that stock, as bear to the total expenses so incurred the same proportion as the amount of the stock in respect of which the Board in question are ultimately responsible under this section bears to the total amount of the stock.

416

Ch. 48

Electricity Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Central

guarantee

fund.

(4) The preceding provisions of this section shall apply in relation to the raising of money by the taking of Exchequer advances as they apply in relation to the borrowing of money by the issue of British Electricity Stock; and accordingly references in those provisions to borrowing money, to British Electricity Stock or an issue of such stock, to issuing such stock, or to redeeming or converting such stock, shall be construed as including references to the raising of money, to Exchequer advances, to the taking of such advances, or to repaying such advances, as the case may be.

19.—(1) The Electricity Council shall establish and maintain a fund, which shall be known as the central guarantee fund, for the following purposes, that is to say: —

(a) in the event of any temporary inability on the part of the Electricity Council, the Generating Board or any Area Board to discharge their obligations in respect of the payment of interest on, or the redemption or repayment of, any British Electricity Stock or Exchequer advances or any temporary loan, for enabling the payment in question to be made out of the fund;

(b) for repaying to the Treasury any payments made by them for the purpose of fulfilling any guarantee given by the Treasury under section seventeen of this Act, or under section forty-two of the principal Act; and the moneys in the central guarantee fund shall not be applied for any other purposes.

(2) The Generating Board and each of the Area Boards shall in each financial year contribute to the central guarantee fund such sums as the Electricity Council, with the approval of the Minister and the Treasury, may from time to time determine, including any sums required to make good payments out of the fund for the purposes mentioned in the preceding subsection:

Provided that—

(a) the aggregate of the sums standing to the credit of the central guarantee fund shall not at any time exceed the sum of twenty million pounds;

(b) the aggregate of the sums contributed to the central guarantee fund, excluding any sums required to make good payments out of the fund, shall not in any financial year exceed the sum of four million pounds.

(3) If the Electricity Council propose to determine any sums to be contributed under the last preceding subsection, but the Minister and the Treasury do not approve the proposal, the Minister, with the approval of the Treasury, may himself determine the sums to be so contributed.

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

417

14) The Electricity Council, for the purpose of correcting from time to time, having regard to changed circumstances, the extent of the contributions made by the Electricity Boards to the central guarantee fund under this section, may, with the approval of the Minister and the Treasury, repay out of the fund to any such Board any part of those contributions previously made by that Board.

(5) All moneys in the central guarantee fund, which are not for the time being required to be applied for the purposes of the fund, shall be invested in such securities of Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom, or such securities guaranteed by the Treasury, as may be determined by the Electricity Council with the approval of the Minister and the Treasury.

(6) Any interest arising from the investment of moneys in the fund shall be paid into the fund, except when the sums standing to the credit of the fund have reached the sum of twenty million pounds, and shall in that case be distributed among the Generating Board and the Area Boards in such shares as may be determined by the Electricity Council, having regard to the extent of their respective contributions to the fund.

(7) If the Generating Board or any Area Board fail to discharge their obligations in respect of any such payments as are referred to in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, or in respect of contributions which they are required to make to the central guarantee fund, the Electricity Council, with the approval of the Minister, may give directions to that Board with respect to the management or policy of the Board, including tariffs and other financial matters, during such period as the Minister after consultation with the Electricity Council and the Board may determine, being a period which extends at least until those obligations (including any contributions required to be made to the central guarantee fund in respect of the default) have been met.

20.—(1) The Generating Board shall establish and maintain Reserve a general reserve fund for the purposes of that Board, which funds-shall be known as the generating reserve fund.

(2) Every Area Board shall establish and maintain (or, in the case of a fund established before the coming into operation of this section, shall continue to maintain) a general reserve fund for the purposes of the Board, which shall be known as an area reserve fund.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the Generating Board shall contribute to the generating reserve fund, and each Area Board shall contribute to the area reserve fund maintained by them, to such extent as the Board maintaining the fund may from time to time determine.

o

418

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Contributions by Electricity Boards to expenses of Electricity Council.

(4) The management of the generating reserve fund, and of every area reserve fund, and the application of the moneys comprised therein, shall, subject to the next following subsection, be as the Board maintaining the fund may determine:

Provided that no part of any such fund shall be applied otherwise than for the purposes of the Board maintaining the fund.

(5) The power of the Minister under section eight of this Act to give directions to any of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales as to the performance of their functions shall extend to the giving to them of directions (whether of a general or a specific character) as to—

(a) any matter relating to the establishment or management

of a fund which the Board are required to maintain under this section, or

(b) the making of contributions to such a fund, or

(c) the application of any moneys comprised in such a

fund;

but no directions shall be given by the Minister as to a matter falling within paragraph (a), paragraph or paragraph (c) of this subsection except with the approval of the Treasury.

(6) The preceding provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to the power of the Generating Board or any Area Board to establish appropriate reserves for replacements or other purposes; but with respect to the management and application of any such reserves the Generating Board or an Area Board shall act in accordance with any directions given by the Minister after consultation with the Treasury.

(7) It is hereby declared that one of the purposes of the generating reserve fund and the area reserve funds is the prevention of frequent fluctuations in the charges made by the Generating Board and the Area Boards, and the powers of those Boards in relation to those funds shall be exercised accordingly.

(8) Section forty-three of the principal Act (which contains provisions as to reserve funds, including provisions as to the maintenance of a central reserve fund) shall cease to have effect.

21.—(1) The Electricity Council may require any of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales from time to time to contribute such sums as the Council, with the approval of the Minister, may determine, towards meeting the expenses of the Council; and every Electricity Board shall comply with any requirement of the Electricity Council under this subsection.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding subsection, the expenses referred to in that subsection shall be

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

419

taken to include the satisfaction of any obligations of the Electricity Council in respect of—

(a) compensation to members and officers of the Central

Authority;

(b) payments under Part V of the Local Government Act,

1948, for the benefit of local authorities;

(c) income tax or the profits tax;

(d) payments to local authorities in pursuance of section twenty-three of this Act.

22. —(1) Any excess, for any financial year, of the revenues of Application any of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales over their °* surplus outgoings for that year properly chargeable to revenue account SeSSdty shall, subject to die following provisions of this section, be Boards, applied for such purposes of the Board as the Board may determine.

(2) The power of the Minister under section eight of this Act to give directions to any of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales as to the performance of their functions shall extend to the giving to them, with the approval of the Treasury, of directions (whether of a general or a specific character) as to the application of any such excess of revenues over outgoings.

23. —(1) Any sum which, if the Central Authority had con-Compensation dnued to exist, would, at a time on or after the vesting date, have to toad become payable by or to that Authority under section twenty- authoritlC8* two of the principal Act (which relates to compensation to local authorities in respect of the undertakings transferred to Electricity Boards under that Act) shall be payable by the Electricity

Council, or to that Council, as the case may be.

(2) The provisions of subsections (4) and (5) of the said section twenty-two (which contain supplementary provisions for the purposes of that section) shall apply in relation to payments under this section as, in the circumstances mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, they would have applied to the payments to be made by or to the Central Authority.

24. —(1) For the purposes of the enactments relating to income Provisions as tax, and of the enactments relating to the profits tax, the Elec- toinconjf tricity Council shall be treated as carrying on a trade or business; profats and, subject to the following provisions of this section, those enactments—

(a) shall have effect, and shall be deemed always to have had effect, as if the trade or business carried on by the Central Authority at any time before the vesting date had been the trade or business of the Electricity Council;

02

420 Ch. 48 Electricity , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(b) shall have effect, and shall be deemed always to have

had effect, as if any reference in those enactments to the Central Authority were a reference to the Electricity Council; and

(c) shall have effect, in relation to any time on or after the

vesting date, as if any reference in those enactments to an Area Board included a reference to the Generating Board.

(2) For the purposes of the enactments relating to income tax, the trade carried on by the Central Authority shall not be treated as permanently discontinued on the vesting date, nor shall a new trade be treated as set up and commenced on that date by the Generating Board or the Electricity Council.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall be taken to affect the construction, in section forty of the Finance Act, 1947 (which relates to profits tax in respect of nationalised undertakings), of any reference to the principal Act; but the said paragraph (b) shall apply in relation to any reference in the said section forty to the Authority constituted by the principal Act, as it applies in relation to other references to the Central Authority in the enactments relating to the profits tax.

(4) For the purposes of the operation of the enactments relating to income tax and to the profits tax respectively in accordance with the preceding provisions of this section, the Electricity Council shall be deemed to have been in existence as from the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and anything done by, to or in relation to the Central Authority, whether before or after the passing of this Act, shall be treated as if it had been done by, to or in relation to the Electricity Council.

Transfer of assets and liabilities of Central Authority.

Transfer of undertaking of Central Authority to Electricity Council and Generating Board

25.—(1) There shall on the vesting date be transferred to the Electricity Council, by virtue of this Act and without further assurance, such property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Central Authority as may, before the beginning of the period of two months ending with the vesting date, have been agreed in writing by the Electricity Council and the Generating Board.

(2) In default of any such agreement between the Electricity Council and the Generating Board, the Minister shall give directions specifying the property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Central Authority which, in his opinion, are required to vest in the Electricity Council for the purpose of enabling that Council to perform their functions; and any property, rights.

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

421

liabilities and obligations so specified shall, by virtue of this Act and without further assurance, be transferred to the Electricity Council on the vesting date.

(3) An agreement under subsection (1) of this section, and any directions under the last preceding subsection, shall not apply to any liability in respect of Exchequer advances made to the Central Authority; but as from the vesting date subsection

(4) of section forty-two of the Finance Act, 1956 (which relates to the repayment of, and payment of interest on, advances made under that section) shall apply in relation to Exchequer advances made to the Central Authority as if they had been made to the Electricity Council, and the provisions of that section as to sums received under the said subsection (4) shall apply accordingly.

(4) All liabilities and obligations which immediately before the vesting date were liabilities and obligations of the Central Authority in respect of British Electricity Stock issued before that date shall, on that date, by virtue of this Act and without further assurance, be transferred to the Electricity Council.

(5) Subject to the preceding subsections, and to the following provisions of this Act, all property, rights, liabilities and obligations which immediately before the vesting date were property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Central Authority shall, on that date, by virtue of this Act and without further assurance, be transferred to the Generating Board.

(6) In this and the next following section " obligation " includes any such customary obligation as is referred to in subsection (5) of section fifty-four of the principal Act (which relates to certain customary obligations in respect of pensions).

26.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, every agreement to which the Central Authority were a party immediately before the vesting date, whether in writing or not and whether or not of such a nature that rights, liabilities and obligations thereunder could be assigned by the Central Authority, shall, unless its terms or subject-matter make it impossible that it should have effect as modified in the manner provided by this subsection, have effect as from the vesting date as if—

(a) the appropriate transferees had been a party to the agree-

ment;

(b) for any reference (however worded and whether express

or implied) to the Central Authority there were substituted, as respects anything falling to be done on or after the vesting date, a reference to the appropriate transferees;

(c) for any reference (however worded and whether express

or implied) to any member or officer of the Central Authority there were substituted, as respects anything

Supplementary provisions as to transfer of assets and liabilities.

422

Ch. 48

Electricity Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

falling to be done on or after the vesting date, a reference to such person as the appropriate transferees may appoint, or, in default of appointment, to the member or officer of the appropriate transferees who corresponds as nearly as may be to the member or officer of the Central Authority in question; and

() in the case of an agreement for the rendering of personal services to the Central Authority, the services to which the agreement relates were, on and after the vesting date, any services under the appropriate transr ferees, to be selected by the appropriate transferees, which are reasonably equivalent services.

(2) Other documents, not being enactments, which refer, whether specifically or generally, to the Central Authority shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of the preceding subsection, so far as applicable.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this section, where, by the operation of any of those provisions or of the last preceding section, any right, liability or obligation vests in the Electricity Council or the Generating Board, that Council or Board, as the case may be, and all other persons shall, as from the vesting date, have the same rights, powers and remedies (and, in particular, the same rights as to the taking or resisting of legal proceedings or the making or resisting of applications to any authority) for ascertaining, perfecting or enforcing that right, liability or obligation as they would have had if it had at all times been a right, liability or obligation of that Council or Board, as the case may be.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this section, no right, liability or obligation under any agreement for the rendering by any person of services to the Central Authority as a member of that Authority shall be transferred to the Electricity Council or the Generating Board, except any liability in respect of remuneration earned or expenses incurred before the vesting date.

(5) The Minister may make regulations providing for the registration of the title of the Electricity Council or the Generating Board to assets vesting in them by virtue of this Act, being assets of a kind subject to provisions for the registration of title thereto, and for any other matters for which provision appears to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for the purpose of securing the effective transfer of any assets vesting in that Council or Board by virtue of this Act.

The power to make regulations under this subsection shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and any instrument containing such regulations shall be laid before Parliament

(6) For the purposes of section fifty-two of the Finance Act 1946 (which exempts from stamp duty certain documents connected with nationalisation schemes), any transfers of property

1957

Electricity Act, 1957

Ch. 48

423

effected by virtue of the last preceding section or this section or of any regulations made thereunder shall be deemed to be part of the initial putting into force of such a scheme; and for the purposes of section eight of the Finance Act, 1899 (which imposes stamp duty in respect of issues of loan capital) the transfer of liabilities and obligations in respect of British Electricity Stock from the Central Authority to the Electricity Council shall not be treated as an issue of loan capital.

(7) In this section " the appropriate transferees ", in relation to any agreement or other document,—

(a) in so far as the agreement or document relates to any

property, right, liability or obligation vested in the Electricity Council by virtue of this Act, means that Council, and

(b) in so far as the agreement or document relates to any

property, right, liability or obligation vested in the Generating Board by virtue of this Act, means that Board.

27.—(1) The Minister shall, with the approval of the Treasury, require the Electricity Council to make to any person holding office as a member of the Central Authority immediately before that Authority ceases to exist, being a person who suffers loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights or whose position is worsened in consequence of the dissolution of the Central Authority, payment of such compensation for loss of office as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

(2) The Minister shall by regulations require the Electricity Council to pay, in such cases and to such extent as may be specified in the regulations, compensation to officers of the Central Authority or any Area Board who suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights or whose position is worsened in consequence of this Act.

(3) Subject to the next following subsection, the provisions of subsections (3) to (6) and subsection (8) of section fifty-five of the principal Act (which relates to the payment of compensation to officers of electricity undertakings transferred under that Act) shall apply to any regulations made under this section as if those regulations had been made under subsection (1) of the said section fifty-five, and as if, in subsection (4) of that section, the reference to an Electricity Board included a reference to the Electricity Council.

(4) Where any regulations made under subsection (2) of this section provide for appeals to be brought as mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of the said section fifty-five, the regulations shall make provision—

(a) for enabling any party to such an appeal, who is aggrieved by the decision of the referee or board of

Compensation to members and officers of Central Authority and Area Boards.

424

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

referees on the appeal as being erroneous in point erf law, to require the referee or board to state a case for the decision of the High Court, and

(b) for requiring the decision of a referee or board of referees on such an appeal to be modified, where requisite, so as to conform with the decision in any proceedings in the High Court on a case stated in accordance with the preceding paragraph, or in any proceedings arising from any such proceedings;

and a decision of the High Court on a case stated in accordance with paragraph (a) of this subsection shall be treated as a judgment of that court for the purposes of section twenty-seven of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which relates to the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal to hear and determine appeals from any judgment of the High Court).

(5) So much of subsection (5) of the said section fifty-five as provides that the decision of the referee or board of referees shall be final shall have effect, in relation to appeals brought by virtue of this section, subject to the provisions of the last preceding subsection and of any regulations made in accordance therewith.

(6) The power to make regulations under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and no regulations shall be made under this section unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

Miscellaneous and supplementary provisions

28.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall be the duty of the Generating Board to provide in England and Wales, and it shall be the duty of the Scottish Electricity Boards to provide in their respective Districts, a supply of electricity to meet the requirements for haulage or traction of railway undertakers.

(2) A supply of electricity to railway undertakers may be provided—

(a) in England or Wales by the South of Scotland Board with die approval of the Generating Board;

(b) in the South of Scodand District by the Generating Board with the approval of the South of Scodand Board; or

(c) in the District of either of the Scottish Electricity Boards by the other of them, with the approval of the Board in whose District the supply is provided.

Supply of electricity to railways.

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

425

(3) An Area Board shall not, except with the approval of the Generating Board, supply electricity to railway undertakers for purposes of haulage or traction.

(4) Nothing in the last preceding subsection shall be construed as authorising an Area Board to supply electricity to railway undertakers in the area of another Area Board, or in the District of a Scottish Electricity Board, except with the agreement of that Board or an authorisation given by the Electricity Council or the Secretary of State (in accordance with the provisions of subsections (4) and (5) of section one of the principal Act), as well as the approval of the Generating Board as required by the last preceding subsection.

(5) The terms and conditions on which electricity is supplied by an Electricity Board to any railway undertakers for the purposes of haulage or traction shall be such as may be agreed between the Board and the undertakers or, in default of such agreement, as may be determined by the appropriate Ministers:

Provided that any terms and conditions so agreed or determined shall be such as, in the opinion of the Board, or of the appropriate Ministers, as the case may be, will not cause a financial loss to result to the Board from the provision of the supply.

(6) Where the terms and conditions on which electricity is supplied by an Electricity Board to any railway undertakers for purposes of haulage or traction are determined by the appropriate Ministers, that determination—

(a) shall not extend to the terms and conditions on which

any electricity so supplied may be used by the undertakers for other purposes, and

(b) shall not be taken to preclude the Board and the under-

takers from subsequently varying the terms and conditions so determined by agreement between them.

(7) An Electricity Board may enter into an agreement with any railway undertakers, to whom the Board are to supply electricity for purposes of haulage or traction, whereby any of that electricity may be used by the undertakers for other purposes, on such terms and conditions as may be specified in the agreement

(8) Without prejudice to any other enactment providing for the protection of telegraphic lines belonging to or used by the Postmaster General, any electricity supplied under this section to any railway undertakers shall be used in such manner as not to cause, or to be likely to cause, any interference (whether by induction or otherwise) with any such telegraphic line, or with telegraphic communication by means of any such line.

o*

v^»

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

426

Ch. 48

(9) In this section " the appropriate Ministers ", in relation to Electricity Boards in England and Wales, means the Minister and the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation acting jointly, and, in relation to Scottish Electricity Boards, means the Secretary of State and the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation acting jointly, and "telegraphic line" has the same meaning as in the Telegraph Act, 1878.

Maximum

charges for

reselling

electricity

supplied by

Electricity

Boards.

29.—(1) An Area Board, or either of the Scottish Electricity Boards, may publish a notice fixing maximum charges in consideration of which electricity supplied by the Board may be resold by persons to whom it is so supplied, or by any class of such persons specified in the notice.

(2) Any notice under this section shall be published in such manner as in the opinion of the Board will secure adequate publicity for it; and the maximum charges fixed by any such notice may be varied by a subsequent notice published by the Board in accordance with this subsection.

(3) Different maximum charges may be fixed by a Board under this section for different classes of cases, whether by reference to different parts of the area or District of the Board or to different tariffs under which electricity is supplied by the Board or to any other relevant circumstances.

(4) If any person, in consideration of the resale of any electricity supplied by an Area Board or Scottish Electricity Board, in circumstances to which a notice published by the Board under this section applies, requires the payment of charges exceeding the maximum charges applicable thereto in accordance with the notice, the amount of the excess shall be recoverable by the person to whom the electricity is resold.

(5) So much of section eighteen of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, as incorporated with the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, as provides for a penalty to be imposed on persons who supply persons with electricity supplied to them, shall cease to have effect.

Certification of meters.

30.—(1) With regard to the certification of meters under the provisions of the Schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, as incorporated with the principal Act (in this Act referred to as " the Schedule of 1899 "), the Minister may by order provide, either in relation to meters generally or in relation to meters of any class specified in the order,—

(a) that, where a meter is certified under the provisions of the Schedule of 1899 after the date on which the order comes into operation, that certification (if it has

le

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

427

not previously ceased to have effect) shall cease to have effect at the end of such period, beginning with the date of the certification, as may be specified in the order;

(b) that the certification of a meter under those provisions, where it was effected before the passing of this Act, or thereafter but before the date on which the order comes into operation, shall cease to have effect (if it has not previously ceased to have effect) either on the date on which the order comes into operation, or at the end of such period beginning with the date of the certification as may be specified in the order, whichever is the later;

(c) that, notwithstanding the proviso to section fifty of the

Schedule of 1899 (under which, if a certified meter is altered, it ceases to be certified until re-certified), the making in a meter of an alteration of a description specified in the order (being a description of alteration appearing to the Minister to be such as not to affect the ascertainment of the value of the supply) shall not cause the meter to cease to be a certified meter;

(d) that, where a certified meter is moved in circumstances specified in the order, the certification of the meter shall thereupon cease to have effect, notwithstanding that the move does not involve any alteration of the meter.

(2) Any order made under the preceding subsection may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order thereunder; and the power to make orders under that subsection shall be exerciseable by statutory instrument, and any instrument containing such an order shall be laid before Parliament.

(3) The Minister may give directions to Electricity Boards—

(a) as to the examination and testing of meters by those

Boards, by the use of apparatus provided in accordance with section two of the Electricity Supply (Meters) Act, 1936, before submitting the meters to a meter examiner for certification;

(b) as to the making of reports by those Boards on meters

examined and tested by them, and as to the information to be included in such reports;

(c) as to the sealing and unsealing of meters, and, in par-

ticular, as to the custody and use of apparatus for sealing meters and the keeping of records in connection therewith.

o * 2

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 A 6 Eliz. 2

(4) A meter examiner may certify a meter under the provisions of the Schedule of 1899, notwithstanding that he has not himself examined or tested it, if—

(a) the meter is submitted to him for certification by an

Electricity Board, together with a report stating that the Board have examined and tested the meter in accordance with directions given by the Minister under the last preceding subsection, and containing the information required by those directions;

(b) the information contained in the report is such as to

indicate, in the opinion of the meter examiner, that the meter is entitled to be certified;

(c) the meter is one of a number submitted to the meter

examiner together at the same time by the same Electricity Board; and

() the meter examiner, by the use of apparatus provided in accordance with section two of the said Act of 1936, has himself examined and tested such number of those meters as he may consider sufficient to constitute a reasonable test of all the meters submitted to him by the Board for certification on that occasion.

(5) If any Electricity Board, on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, instals a meter for the purpose of ascertaining the value of the supply, and that meter, at the time when it is installed, is not duly certified under the provisions of the Schedule of 1899, the Board shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that, in any proceedings against an Electricity Board for an offence under this subsection, it shall be a defence for the Board to prove that the meter was installed in pursuance of an agreement in writing with the consumer whereby it was agreed that the value of the supply should be ascertained otherwise than by means of a meter so certified.

(6) Where a meter—

(a) is in use immediately before the said first day of July

for the purpose of ascertaining the value of the supply, and is then a meter duly certified under the provisions of the Schedule of 1899, but ceases to be so certified on or after that day, or

(b) is installed for that purpose on or after that day, and

at the time of its installation is duly certified under those provisions, but subsequently ceases to be so certified,

then if, as soon as practicable after the meter has ceased to be so certified, the Electricity Board providing the supply does not

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

429

take all reasonable steps either for causing the meter to be recertified under those provisions, or for removing it or (if it is not reasonably practicable to remove it) for ceasing to supply energy through it, die Board shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that, in any proceedings against an Electricity Board for an offence under this subsection, it shall be a defence for the Board to prove that the meter ceased to be certified under the said provisions by reason only of its being altered or moved without the knowledge of the Board.

(7) An Electricity Board guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable on summary conviction—

(a) if it is the first conviction of that Board of an offence

under this section, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds;

(b) in any other case, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(8) No proceedings shall be brought in England or Wales for an offence under this section except by or with the consent of the Minister or the Director of Public Prosecutions.

(9) In this section " the value of the supply " has the same meaning as in the Schedule of 1899, and "meter examiner* has the same meaning as in the Electricity Supply (Meters) Act, 1936.

31. Paragraph (b) of section ten of the Schedule of 1899 Placing of (which restricts the placing of electric lines above ground) shall1"*®* cease to apply to service lines; and accordingly in that para- above ground* graph after the words "electric line" there shall be inserted die words "other than a service line", and the words "and except so much of any service line as is necessarily so placed for the purpose of supply " shall be omitted.

32.—(1) Every application for the consent or authorisation Further of the Minister under paragraph (b) of section ten of the Schedule provisions as of 1899 (in this section referred to as " section ten (b) ">— Sectrictowl.

(a) shall be in writing;

(b) shall describe by reference to a map the land across which the electric line is proposed to be placed; and <c) shall state whether all necessary wayleaves have been agreed with owners and occupiers of land proposed to be crossed by the line.

(2) Where such an application made by an Electricity Board states that all necessary wayleaves have not been agreed as mentioned in paragraph (c) of the preceding subsection, the Minister, if he thinks fit, may give notice to the Board that he does not propose to proceed with the application until he is satisfied, with respect to all the land over which wayleaves have not been agreed, that the Board have taken such action on their part as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section forty-four of

430

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Provisions as to construction or extension of generating stations.

the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1926 (which enables applications for consent or authorisation under section ten ( )and applications in respect of wayleaves to be taken concurrently); and where the Minister gives such a notice under this subsection—

(a) the Minister shall not be required to proceed with the application until he is satisfied that the Board have taken all the requisite action in accordance with the notice, and

(b) the provisions of subsection (1) of the said section forty-four as to concurrent proceedings shall apply accordingly.

(3) Where an application for consent or authorisation under section ten (b)states that all necessary wayleaves have not been agreed, but the Minister does not proceed concurrently as mentioned in subsection (1) of the said section forty-four, the Minister, if he gives his consent or authorisation under section ten (b), may give it subject to the condition (either in respect of the whole of the line or in respect of any part of it specified in the consent or authorisation) that the work is not to proceed until the Minister gives his permission; and in determining at any time whether to give permission for the work to proceed, either generally or in respect of a part of the line, the Minister—

(a) shall have regard to the extent to which the necessary

wayleaves have been agreed by that time, and

(b) in so far as any such wayleaves have not then been

agreed in respect of any part of the line, shall take into account any prejudicial effect which, in his opinion, the giving of permission (whether in respect of that part or of any adjacent part of the line) might have on any subsequent proceedings relating to the outstanding wayleaves.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland, for any reference to the Minister there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

33.—(1) Where under section two of the Electric Lighting Act, 1909 (which relates to the construction or extension of generating stations), notice, and an opportunity of stating objections, are required to be given to the local authority of the district in which the land in question is situated, the like requirements as to notice, and as to an opportunity of stating objections, shall apply in relation to the local planning authority in whose area the land is situated.

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

431

(2) An application for the consent of the Minister or of the Secretary of State under the said section two shall be in writing, and shall describe by reference to a map the land in relation to which the consent is required.

(3) In this and the next following section "local planning authority", in relation to England and Wales, has the same meaning as in the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and, in relation to Scotland, has the same meaning as in the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947.

34.—(1) Where an application has been made to the Minister Special for his consent or authorisation under paragraph (b) of section provisions as ten of the Schedule of 1899, or for his consent under section two ?° of the Electric Lighting Act, 1909, and the local planningmqulrl * authority have notified the Minister that they object to the application, and that objection of the local planning authority has not been withdrawn, the Minister (either in additon to, or in lieu of, any other hearing or opportunity of stating objections) shall cause a public inquiry to be held, and, before determining whether to give his consent or authorisation, shall consider the objection and the report of the person who held the inquiry:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply where the Minister proposes to accede to the application subject to such modifications or conditions as will give effect to the objection of the local planning authority.

(2) In relation to applications for consent under section two of the Electric Lighting Act, 1909, and to applications for consent or authorisation under paragraph ( of section ten of the Schedule of 1899 in respect of the placing of high voltage lines, the Minister shall make provision by regulations for securing—

(a) that (in addition to any notice required to be given

under section two of the said Act of 1909) notice of every such application shall be published in such manner as may be specified in the regulations;

(b) that (in addition to any notice required to be given

under the said section two, and to the publication of notices in accordance with the preceding paragraph) notice of any such application shall, where the Minister so directs, be served upon such persons as may be specified in the directions;

(c) that every notice published or served in pursuance of

the regulations shall state the time within which, and the manner in which, objections to the application can be made by persons other than those to whom (under the said section two, or under section twenty-one of

432

Ch. 48

Electricity Act, 1957

5 A 6 Eliz. 2

the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919) an opportunity of being heard or of stating objections is required to be given, and that the time so stated shall not be less than such minimum period as may be specified in the regulations; and

() that, in so far as any such notice requires objections to be sent to any person other than the Minister, copies of the objections shall be sent to the Minister by that person:

Provided that, in relation to applications for consent under the said section two to the extension of generating stations, any regulations made under this subsection may include provision for enabling the Minister to give directions dispensing with the requirements of the regulations, in cases where in accordance with that section the Minister dispenses with the giving of notices thereunder.

(3) Where, in the case of any such application as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection,—

(a) the Minister is not required by virtue of subsection (1)

of this section to cause a public inquiry to be held, but

(b) objections or copies of objections have been sent to

the Minister in pursuance of regulations made under the last preceding subsection,

the Minister shall consider those objections, together with all other material considerations, with a view to determining whether a public inquiry should be held with respect to the application, and, if he thinks it appropriate to do so, shall cause a public inquiry to be held, either in addition to, or in lieu of, any other hearing or opportunity of stating objections to the application.

(4) Where in accordance with any of the preceding provisions of this section a public inquiry is to be held in respect of an application by an Electricity Board, the Minister shall inform the Board accordingly; and the Board shall in two successive weeks publish a notice stating—

(a) the fact that the application has been made, and the

purpose thereof, together with a description of the land to which it relates;

(b) a place in the locality where a copy of the application,

and of the map referred to therein, can be inspected; and

(c) the place, date and time of the public inquiry.

(5) A notice under the last preceding subsection shall be published in one or more local newspapers circulating in the locality in which the land in question is situated, or circulating respectively in the several localities in which different parts of

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

433

that land are situated, as the Board publishing the notice may consider appropriate.

(6) If it appears to the Minister that, in addition to the publication of a notice in accordance with subsections (4) and (5) of this section, further notification of the public inquiry should be given (either by the service of notices, or by advertisement, or in any other way) in order to secure that the information specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (4) of this section is sufficiently made known to persons in the locality, the Minister may direct the Board to take such further steps for that purpose as may be specified in the direction.

(7) Where in accordance with this section a public inquiry is to be held in respect of an application for the consent or authorisation of the Minister under paragraph (b) of section ten of the Schedule of 1899, and (whether in pursuance of subsection (2) of section thirty-two of this Act or otherwise) the Minister is proceeding concurrently as mentioned in subsection (1) of section forty-four of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1926, the public inquiry shall extend to all the matters arising in those concurrent proceedings, and any notice of the inquiry (in addition to any other matters required to be stated therein) shall indicate the extent of the inquiry accordingly.

(8) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this section.

(9) In the application of this section to Scotland,—

(a) for any reference to die Minister there shall be

substituted a reference to the Secretary of State; and

(b) subsections (4) and (5) shall not apply, and for sub-

section (6) there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

" (6) Where in pursuance of subsection (1) or subsection (3) of this section a public inquiry is to be held, and it appears to the Secretary of State that in addition to any public notice of such an inquiry any further notification concerning the inquiry is necessary or expedient (either by way of service of notice upon any person or in any other way), the Secretary of State may direct the Board to take such further steps for this purpose as may be specified in the direction."

(10) In this section "high voltage line" means an electric line for conveying or transmitting electricity at or above a voltage of one hundred and thirty-two thousand.

35.—(1) Without prejudice to any other rights of entry exer- Entry cm dsable by Electricity Boards, an Electricity Board, or any person land for duly authorised in writing by an Electricity Board, may, at any reasonable time, enter upon and survey any land, other than p land covered by buildings or used as a garden or pleasure

434

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Expedition of highway procedure in connection with electricity works.

ground, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the land would be suitable for use for the purposes of any functions of the Board.

(2) Subsections (4), (5) and (9) of section one hundred and three of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 (which contain supplementary provisions relating to the right of entry conferred by that section) shall apply in relation to the powers conferred by this section as they apply in relation to the powers conferred by that section:

Provided that—

(a) subsection (4) of that section (which requires twenty-four

hours* notice to be given of an intended entry upon any occupied land) shall so apply as if for the words " twenty-four hours " there were substituted the words " twenty-eight days "; and

(b) subsection (9) of that section (which relates to power to search and bore for the purpose of ascertaining the nature of the subsoil or the presence of minerals therein) shall so apply as if the words "or the presence of minerals therein " were omitted.

(3) Where in the exercise of any power conferred by this section any damage is caused to land or to chattels, any person interested in the land or chattels may recover compensation in respect of that damage from the Electricity Board by whom or on whose behalf the power is exercised; and where in consequence of the exercise of any such power any person is disturbed in his enjoyment of any land or chattels, he may recover from that Electricity Board compensation in respect of the disturbance.

(4) Subsection (1) of section one hundred and ten of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 (which provides for the determination of disputes as to compensation under that Act), shall apply to any question of disputed compensation under this section.

(5) In relation to Scotland, any reference in this section to section one hundred and three of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, shall be construed as a reference to section ninety-nine of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947; any reference to section one hundred and ten of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, shall be construed as a reference to section one hundred and five of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947; and any reference to chattels shall be construed as a reference to corporeal moveables.

36.—(1) Where the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation proposes to make an order under section forty-nine of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 (under which that Minister is empowered to authorise the stopping up or diversion of highways), and it appears to him that the development in question

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

435

is to be carried out by an Electricity Board, and is development in connection with the generation of electricity, he may certify accordingly; and where a certificate is given under this subsection, the Sixth Schedule to the said Act of 1947 (which relates to the procedure to be followed in connection with the making of an order under the said section forty-nine) shall apply as if—

(a) in sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 1 of that Schedule

(which requires a copy of the draft order to be available for inspection during a period of three months), and

(b) in paragraph 4 of that Schedule (which relates to the

procedure where an objection is received before the end of that period),

for the words " three months " there were substituted the words " thirty days

(2) In relation to Scotland the preceding subsection shall have effect with the substitution, for references to the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation, to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and to section forty-nine of that Act, of references to the Secretary of State, to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, and to section forty-six of that Act.

37. In formulating or considering any proposals relating to Preservation the functions of the Generating Board or of any of the Area of amenity. Boards (including any such general programme as is mentioned

in subsection (4) of section eight of this Act), the Board in question, the Electricity Council and the Minister, having regard to the desirability of preserving natural beauty, of conserving flora, fauna and geological or physiographical features of special interest, and of protecting buildings and other objects of architectural or historic interest, shall each take into account any effect which the proposals would have on the natural beauty of the countryside or on any such flora, fauna, features, buildings or objects.

38. It is hereby declared for the avoidance of doubt that Status ot neither the Electricity Council nor the Generating Board nor any Electricity of the Area Boards are to be regarded as the servant or agent Generating of the Crown or as enjoying any status, immunity or privilege Board and of the Crown, and no property of the Council or of any of those Area Boards. Boards is to be regarded as property of, or held on behalf of,

the Crown.

39. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parlia- Administra-ment any administrative expenses incurred by the Minister, or Uve by any other Minister of the Crown or Government department in consequence of the provisions of this Act.

436

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Interpretation 40*—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the

meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:— " Exchequer advances " has the meaning assigned to it by section fifteen of this Act;

" the Generating Board " has the meaning assigned to it by section two of this Act;

" performance ", in relation to functions, includes the exercise of powers as well as the performance of duties, and " perform " shall be construed accordingly; " the principal Act " means the Electricity Act, 1947;

" the Schedule of 1899 " has the meaning assigned to it by section thirty of this Act;

" the vesting date " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act;

and, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, other expressions used in this Act and in the principal Act have the same meanings in this Act as in that Act.

(2) Any provision of this Act conferring a power to give directions, if it does not expressly provide that the directions shall be of a general character, shall be construed as conferring a power to give directions either of a general or of a specific character; and every provision of this Act conferring a power to give directions shall be construed as imposing, on any person to whom directions are given thereunder, a duty to comply with those directions.

(3) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

Transitiotial 41, The transitional provisions contained in the Third provision*. Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this Act

Amendment 42.—(1) Without prejudice to the amendments and adapta-

and adaptation tions of enactments having effect by virtue of the preceding of®na^menta, provisions of this Act, the enactments specified in the Fourth and repeals Schedule to this Act, and all other enactments (including local enactments) to which any general provisions of Part II of that Schedule apply, shall have effect subject to the amendments and adaptations specified in that Schedule, being—

(a) amendments and adaptations for transferring functions of the Central Authority to the Electricity Council, the Generating Board or the Minister, or for applying to the Electricity Council, the Generating Board or the Minister provisions which apply to the Central Authority;

1957

Electricity Act, 1957

Ch. 48

437

(b) amendments and adaptations consequential on the

preceding provisions of this Act or on the amendments

and adaptations referred to in the preceding paragraph;

(c) other amendments of a minor character.

(2) In so far as any reference in a local enactment to any authorised undertakers, or to any matter relating to any authorised undertakers,—

(a) has effect as adapted or modified by virtue of subsection

(3) of section fifty-seven of the principal Act, and

(b) as so adapted or modified, has effect as a reference to

the Central Authority, or to any matter relating to the

Central Authority,

that reference shall have effect as a reference to the Generating Board, or to the corresponding matter relating to the Generating Board, as the case may be; and so much of the said subsection (3) as confers power to prescribe other adaptations and modifications of local enactments shall apply in relation to the provisions of this Act (including the preceding provisions of this subsection) as it applies in relation to the provisions mentioned in that subsection.

(3) Subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of the next following section, the enactments specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

43.—(1) This Act may be cited as die Electricity Act, 1957; Short titles and the Electricity Act, 1947, and this Act may be cited together citation, as the Electricity Acts, 1947 and 1957.

moot ana

(2) The Electricity (Scotland) Acts, 1943 to 1954, and this Act,extent so far as it relates to Scotland, may be cited together as the Electricity (Scotland) Acts, 1943 to 1957.

(3) Sections five to twenty-two, section twenty-four, section twenty-eight and section forty-two of this Act shall come into operation on the vesting date.

(4) The following provisions of this Act shall not extend to Scotland, that is to say,—

(a) subsection (1) of section five and Part I of the First

Schedule to this Act; and

(b) subsection (3) of the last preceding section, in so far as

it relates to the enactments specified in Part II of the

Fifth Schedule to this Act

(5) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

438

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Euz.

Sections 5, 43.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Consultative Councils Part I

Consultative Councils in England and Wales—Amendments of Section 1 of Electricity , 1947

1. The following provisions shall be substituted for subsection (2) of section seven of the principal Act (which relates to the constitution of Consultative Councils):—

" (2) Each of the said Councils shall consist of a chairman appointed by the Minister and of not less than twenty or more than thirty other persons so appointed of whom—

(<a) not less than two-fifths or more than three-fifths shall be appointed from a panel of persons nominated by such associations as appear to the Minister to represent local authorities in the area;

(b) the remainder shall be appointed, after consultation with such bodies as the Minister thinks fit, to represent agriculture, commerce, industry, labour, and the general interests of consumers of electricity and other persons or organisations interested in the development of electricity in the area.

(2A) In the appointment of any person under paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection the Minister shall have particular regard to his ability to exercise a wide and impartial judgment on the matters to be dealt with by the Council generally; and in making appointments under paragraph (b) of that subsection the Minister shall have particular regard to any nominations made to him, by the bodies mentioned in that paragraph, of persons who are recommended by them as having both adequate knowledge of the requirements of the interests to be represented and also the ability to exercise a wide and impartial judgment on the matters to be dealt with by the Council generally

2. After paragraph (6) of subsection (4) of the said section seven (which relates to the duties of Consultative Councils) the following paragraphs shall be added:—

" (c) of considering any matter affecting the variation of any tariff regulating the charges for the provision of bulk supplies of electricity by the Generating Board for distribution in the area, being a matter which is either the subject of a representation made to them by consumers or other persons requiring supplies of electricity in the area, or which appears to them to be a matter to which consideration ought to be given apart from any such representation, and, where after consultation with the Area Board action appears to them to be requisite as to any such matter, of notifying their conclusions to the Generating Board;

() of considering and reporting to the Generating Board on any such matter as is mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph which may be referred to them by the Generating Board

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

439

3. The following provisions shall be substituted for subsections (6) In' Sch to (8) of the said section seven (which relate to action consequential —com. upon conclusions, reports or representations notified or made by a Consultative Council):—

"(6) The Area Board or the Generating Board, as the case may be, shall consider any conclusions, reports or representations notified or made to them by a Consultative Council under subsection (4) or subsection (5) of this section; and the Council may, after consultation with the Area Board, and, in the case of any conclusion or report notified or made to the Generating Board, after consultation with that Board also, make representations to the Electricity Council on matters arising thereout.

(7) Where representations have been made to the Electricity Council under the last foregoing subsection with respect to one of the Electricity Boards, and it appears to that Council, after consultation with the Board in question and with the Consultative Council making the representations, that a defect is disclosed in that Board’s general plans and arrangements for the exercise and performance of their functions, the Electricity Council may give to that Board such advice as they think fit for remedying the defect.

(8) A Consultative Council may, after consultation with the Electricity Council, make representations to the Minister on any matters arising out of representations made by them under subsection (6) of this section with respect to one of the Electricity Boards; and if it appears to the Minister, after consultation with that Board and with the Consultative Council making the representations, that a defect is disclosed in that Board’s general plans and arrangements for the exercise and performance of their functions, he may give such directions to the Board as he thinks necessary for remedying the defect.

(8A) Where representations, relating to any such matter as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (c) of subsection (4) of this section, have been made to a Consultative Council, and the Consultative Council do not consider any action to be requisite with respect thereto, the Council shall notify their conclusions to the person making the representations; and if that person submits those representations to the Electricity Council, then—

(a) if it appears to the Electricity Council, after consultation with the Electricity Board to whom the representations relate and with the Consultative Council, that a defect is disclosed in that Board’s general plans and arrangements for the exercise and performance of their functions, the Electricity Council may give to that Board such advice as they think fit for remedying the defect;

(b) the Electricity Council may make representations to the Minister on any matters arising out of advice given by them to an Electricity Board under the foregoing paragraph; and

(c) if it appears to the Minister, after consultation with the

Board and with the Electricity Council, that a defect is

440

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sea. —com.

Consultative Councils in Scotland.

disclosed in that Board's general plans and arrangements for the exercise and performance of their functions, he may give such directions to the Board as he thinks necessary for remedying the defect."

4. The Electricity Council shall be substituted for the Central Authority as the body required to pay the allowances and remuneration referred to in subsection (10) of the said section seven (which relates to the appointment of officers of Consultative Councils and to the allowances and remuneration of members and officers of such Councils); and accordingly in that subsection, for the words " Central Authority ", there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Council".

5. After subsection (11) of the said section seven there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (11 A) In respect of matters not falling within subsection (10) or subsection (11) of this section, a Consultative Council may, within such limits as the Minister with the approval of the Treasury may from time to time determine, incur such expenditure as the Council may consider requisite for the exercise and performance of their functions; and any such expenditure shall be repaid to the Consultative Council by the Electricity Council."

6. The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (13) of the said section seven:—

* (13) The Minister may make provision by regulations in relation to Consultative Councils in England and Wales for any matters for which provision may be made by regulations under section three of this Act in relation to Area Boards, and for the appointment of persons to act in the place of the chairmen of such Councils.

Subject to the provisions of any such regulations, the said Councils shall have power to regulate their own procedure."

Part U

Consultative Councils in Scotland—New Section 7

" 7A.—(1) The provisions of this section shall apply to Consultative Councils established for the districts of Scottish Electricity Boards.

(2) Each of the said Councils shall consist of a chairman appointed by the Secretary of State and of not less than twenty or more than thirty other persons so appointed of whom—

(a) not less than two-fifths or more than three-fifths shall be appointed from a panel of persons nominated by such associations as appear to the Secretary of State to represent local authorities m the district;

(b) the remainder shall be appointed, after consultation with such bodies as the Secretary of State thinks fit, to represent agriculture, commerce, industry, labour, and the general interests of consumers of electricity and other persons or organisations interested in the development of electricity in the district.

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

441

(3) In the appointment of any person under paragraph (a) of the 1st Sen

last foregoing subsection the Secretary of State shall have particular —cont.

regard to his ability to exercise a wide and impartial judgment on the

matters to be dealt with by the Council generally; and in making appointments under paragraph (b) of that subsection the Secretary of State shall have particular regard to any nominations made to him, by the bodies mentioned in that paragraph, of persons who are recommended by them as having both adequate knowledge of the requirements of the interests to be represented and also the ability to exercise a wide and impartial judgment on the matters to be dealt with by the Council generally.

(4) Each of the said Councils shall be charged with the duties—

(a) of considering any matter affecting the distribution of elec-

tricity in the district, including the variation of tariffs and the provision of new or improved services and facilities within the district, being a matter which is the subject of a representation made to them by consumers or other persons requiring supplies of electricity in that district, or which appears to them to be a matter to which consideration ought to be given apart from any such representation, and where action appears to them to be requisite as to any such matter, of notifying their conclusions to the Board; and

(b) of considering and reporting to the Board on any such matter

which may be referred to them by that Board.

(5) Each of the said Councils shall be informed by the Board of that Board’s general plans and arrangements for exercising and performing their functions under the Electricity (Scotland) Acts, 1943 to 1957, and may make representations thereon to that Board.

(6) The Board shall consider any conclusion, reports and representations notified or made to them by the Council for their district under the two last foregoing subsections and the Council may, after consultation with the Board, make representations to the Secretary of State on matters arising thereout.

(7) Where representations have been so made to the Secretary of State and it appears to him, after consultation with the Board and with the Council, that a defect is disclosed in that Board’s general plans and arrangements for the exercise and performance of their functions under the Electricity (Scotland) Acts, 1943 to 1957, the Secretary of State may give to the Board such directions as he thinks fit for remedying the defect.

(8) Each Consultative Council shall prepare and submit to the Secretary of State a scheme for the appointment by them of committees or individuals to be local representatives of the Council in such localities as may be specified in the scheme, and it shall be the duty of such committees and individuals to consider the particular circumstances and requirements of those localities with respect to the distribution of electricity and to make representations to the Council thereon, and to be available for receiving on behalf of the Council representations from consumers in those localities; and, if the scheme is approved by the Secretary of State, the Consultative Council shall put it into effect.

442

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sea. A member of a Consultative Council shall be eligible for appoint-—cont. ment under such a scheme, either as a member of a committee or as an individual, but membership of the Council shall not be a necessary qualification for such an appointment.

(9) A Consultative Council may. subject to the approval of the Secretary of State as to numbers, appoint such officers as appear to the Council to be requisite for the proper exercise and performance of their functions (including functions of any committee or individual appointed under the last foregoing subsection), and there shall be paid by the Boards—

(a) to the members of the Councils for their respective districts or

of any such committee or to any such individual such allowances in respect of any loss of remunerative time and such travelling allowances and allowances in respect of their out-of-pocket expenses; and

(b) to the officers of the said Councils such remuneration (whether

by way of salary or fees) and such allowances,

as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

(10) Each Consultative Council shall be furnished by the Board concerned with such office accommodation as appears to the Board to be requisite for the proper exercise and performance of their functions (including the functions of any such committee or individual as aforesaid) or as may be directed by the Secretary of State.

(11) In respect of matters not falling within subsections (9) and (10) of this section each Consultative Council may, within such limits as the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury may from time to time determine, incur such expenditure as the Council may consider requisite for the exercise and performance of their functions and such expenditure shall be repaid to the Council by the Board concerned.

(12) The Secretary of State may make regulations with respect to—

(a) the appointment of, and the tenure and vacation of office by,

the members of a Consultative Council and the appointment of a person to act in the place of the chairman of such a Council;

(b) the quorum, proceedings, meetings and determinations of a Consultative Council;

(c) any other matters supplementary or incidental to the matters

aforesaid for which provision appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient.

(13) Subject to the provisions of any regulations made under the last foregoing subsection, a Consultative Council shall have power to regulate their own procedure."

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

443

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 34.

Supplementary Provisions as to Public Inquiries

1. In the case of an application for the consent or authorisation of the Minister under paragraph (b) of section ten of the Schedule of 1899, where in accordance with any of the provisions of section thirty-four of this Act a public inquiry is to be held, and the application relates to land in the areas of two or more local planning authorities,—

(a) the application shall not be the subject of a public inquiry in so far as it relates to land in the area of a local planning authority who have not notified the Minister that they object to the application, unless the Minister otherwise directs having regard to objections by other persons of which he has notice;

(b) in so far as the application is to be the subject of a public inquiry in relation to land in the areas of two or more local planning authorities, the Minister may direct that separate public inquiries shall be held in the area of each of those authorities;

and, where the Minister gives any such directions, the provisions of the said section thirty-four shall apply with the necessary modifications:

Provided that for the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph a local planning authority who have notified the Minister that they object to the application shall be treated as not having done so if the Minister proposes to accede to the application subject to such modifications or conditions as will give effect to the objection.

2. Subsection (2) of section sixty-six of the principal Act (which relates to inquiries under that Act) shall apply in relation to inquiries held in pursuance of section thirty-four of this Act as it applies in relation to inquiries held in pursuance of the said section sixty-six.

3. For the purposes of section thirty-four of this Act the Minister may make regulations limiting the time within which notification of objections may be made to the Minister by local planning authorities, and providing that objections which are not notified within the time so limited may be disregarded for those purposes.

4. Any power to make regulations under section thirty-four of this Act, or under this Schedule, shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any instrument containing such regulations shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament; and different provision may be made by any such regulations in relation to different classes of applications or otherwise in relation to different classes of cases.

5. Where any regulations made under section thirty-four of this Act, or under this Schedule, are for the time being in force, any rules made under section thirty-four of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919, in so far as they relate to applications to which the regulations apply, shall have effect subject to those regulations.

6. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland, for any reference to the Minister there shall be substitued a reference to the Secretary of State.

7. In this Schedule "local planning authority*' has the same meaning as in section thirty-four of this Act.

444

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 41.

THIRD SCHEDULE Transitional Provisions

Consultative Councils

1. —(1) Any person holding office as a member of a Consultative Council, or as chairman or deputy chairman of a Consultative Council, by virtue of an appointment made before the vesting date, shall continue to hold that office on and after that date, notwithstanding that his appointment—

(a) in the case of any of the Consultative Councils in England

and Wales, was not in accordance with the provisions of section seven of the principal Act as amended by section five of, and Part I of the First Schedule to, this Act, or

(b) in the case of either of the Consultative Councils in Scotland,

was not in accordance with the provisions of the new section seven A inserted in the principal Act by section five of, and Part II of the First Schedule to, this Act, until the time when he would have ceased to hold that office by virtue of that appointment if section five of this Act had not been enacted.

(2) Any regulations made by virtue of the said section seven which are in force immediately before the vesting date, in so far as they relate to matters for which provision could be made by regulations under that section as amended by this Act, or under the said new section seven A, as the case may be, shall continue to have effect after that date, until revoked, as if they had been made under the said section seven as so amended, or under the said section seven A, as the case may be.

Machinery for settling employment conditions

2. —(1) This paragraph applies to any agreement entered into by the Central Authority under section fifty-three of the principal Act (which made provision for purposes similar to those of section twelve of this Act), being an agreement which is in force immediately before the vesting date.

(2) Any such agreement relating to employed persons generally or to any class of employed persons—

(a) shall continue in operation on and after the vesting date until it is superseded by an agreement made in relation to employed persons generally or to that class of employed persons, as the case may be, under the corresponding provisions of section twelve of this Act, and (b) while it so continues in operation, shall, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, have effect, in relation to any time on or after the vesting date, as if the Electricity Council had been a party to the agreement and as if, in the provisions of the agreement, references (however expressed) to the Central Authority were references to the Electricity Council or to the Generating Board or to both of them, as the case may require.

(3) In so far as any agreement to which this paragraph applies provides for the constitution of a national organisation (that is to say, a council or other organisation whose functions under the agreement extend to the whole of Great Britain or the whole of England and

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

445

Wales), the agreement shall have effect, in relation to any time on or after the vesting date, subject to the following provisions, that is to

say-

fa) any power for the Central Authority to appoint members of the organisation to represent the Authority generally shall be construed as a power for the Electricity Council to appoint members to represent the Council; and any member of the organisation so appointed by the Central Authority shall be treated as if he had been appointed by the Electricity Council to represent the Council;

(b) any other power for the Central Authority to appoint a member of the organisation shall be construed as if it were a power for the Electricity Council to appoint such a member, and as if any reference in that power to a division of the Authority were a reference to the corresponding division of the Generating Board; and any member of the organisation appointed by the Central Authority in the exercise of such a power shall be treated as if he had been appointed by the Electricity Council in the exercise of that power as modified by this provision.

(4) In so far as any agreement to which this paragraph applies provides for the constitution of an organisation other than a national organisation, the agreement shall have effect, in relation to any time on or after the vesting date, subject to the following provisions, that is to say,—

fa) any power for the Central Authority, or a division of the Central Authority, to appoint any members of the organisation shall be const ued as a power for the Generating Board, or the corresponding division of the Generating Board, as the case may be, to appoint those members;

(b) any members of the organisation appointed by the Central Authority, or a division of the Central Authority, shall be treated as if they had been appointed by the Generating Board, or the corresponding division of the Generating Board, as the case may be.

(5) It shall be the duty of the Generating Board and of each of the Area Boards to comply with any agreement to which this paragraph applies, while it continues in operation in accordance with this paragraph.

(6) Subsection (1) of section twenty-six of this Act shall not apply to any agreement to which this paragraph applies.

Tariffs

3.—(1) Any tariff fixed before the passing of this Act by the Central Authority, in accordance with subsections (1) and (2) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act, for regulating the prices to be charged by the Authority for the supply of electricity by them to Area Boards during the period of twelve months beginning on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven,—

(a) shall apply to electricity supplied to Area Boards within that period by the Generating Board on or after the vesting date, as well as to electricity supplied to Area Boards within that period by the Central Authority before the vesting date, and

3rd Sch. —cont.

446

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. —amt.

(b) shall have effect, and shall be deemed to have had effect as from the said first day of April, as if any reference therein to the Central Authority were a reference to the Central Authority or the Generating Board.

(2) Subsection (2) of section twenty-six of this Act shall not apply to any such tariff as is mentioned in the preceding sub-paragraph.

(3) Any charges payable under any such tariff in respect of electricity supplied to an Area Board before the vesting date, in so far as they are not paid to the Central Authority, shall be payable to the Generating Board.

(4) Notwithstanding the amendment made by subsection (2) of section fourteen of this Act, the tariffs in force under subsection (3) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act immediately before the vesting date shall remain in force on and after that date, until varied or replaced by tariffs fixed in accordance with the said subsection (3) as so amended.

(5) Nothing in subsection (2) of section fourteen of this Act shall be construed as affecting any agreement in force immediately before the vesting date, being an agreement entered into by an Area Board under the provisions of subsection (7) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act (under which Area Boards are empowered to enter into special agreements with consumers).

Liabilities in respect of British Electricity Stock and Exchequer advances

4.—(1) In respect of British Electricity Stock issued before the vesting date, the Electricity Council shall prepare a scheme for determining, as between the Electricity Council, the Generating Board and the Area Boards, the shares in which the ultimate responsibility for meeting obligations in respect of that stock is to be borne, and for allocating to the Council, to the Generating Board, and to each of the Area Boards respectively, responsibility in respect of stock so issued in accordance with the shares determined under that scheme.

(2) In paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section eighteen of this Act, the reference to the proportions in which responsibility was allocated in respect of the stock to be redeemed or converted shall be construed, where the stock to be redeemed or converted is stock issued before the vesting date, as a reference to the proportions in which responsibility for that stock was allocated under the preceding sub-paragraph.

(3) Subsection (3) of section eighteen of this Act shall apply in relation to stock for which responsibility is allocated under this paragraph as it applies in relation to stock for which responsibility is allocated in accordance with that section.

5.—(1) The Electricity Council shall prepare a scheme for determining, as between the Electricity Council, the Generating Board and the Area Boards, the shares in which the ultimate responsibility is to be borne for meeting obligations in respect of Exchequer advances made to the Central Authority, and for allocating to the Council, to the Generating Board, and to each of the Area Boards respectively, responsibility in respect of such Exchequer advances in accordance with the shares determined under that scheme.

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

447

(2) Paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section eighteen of this Act 3rd Sea.

shall apply to British Electricity Stock issued by the Electricity Council —cent.

for the purpose of repaying Exchequer advances made to the Central Authority, with the substitution, for the words *' stock to be redeemed

or converted " of the words " Exchequer advances to be repaid

(3) Subsection (3) of section eighteen of this Act shall apply m relation to payments in respect of interest on, or the repayment of.

Exchequer advances made to the Central Authority as it applies in relation to payments in respect of interest on or the redemption of stock, as if any reference therein to responsibility under that section were a reference to responsibility under a scheme made by virtue of this paragraph.

6. Any scheme prepared by the Electricity Council under paragraph 4 or paragraph 5 of this Schedule shall not have effect until it has been settled by the Council with the Minister, after giving to the Generating Board and each of the Area Boards an opportunity to make representations thereon to him.

Central reserve fund

7. —(1) The central reserve fund shall be wound up as from the vesting date.

(2) The Electricity Council shall prepare a scheme for distributing the central reserve fund among the Generating Board and the Area Boards.

(3) A scheme prepared by the Electricity Council under the last preceding sub-paragraph shall not have effect until it has been settled by the Council with the Minister, after giving to the Generating Board and each of the Area Boards an opportunity to make representations thereon to him.

(4) Subject to the last preceding sub-paragraph, the central reserve fund shall be distributed in accordance with the scheme prepared and settled by the Electricity Council under this paragraph.

Transfer of undertaking of Central Authority

8. —(1) Any legal proceedings or applications to any authority pending on the vesting date by or against the Central Authority, in so far as they relate to any property, right, liability or obligation transferred to the Electricity Council or the Generating Board by virtue of this Act, or to any enactment applied to the Electricity Council or the Generating Board by virtue of this Act, may be continued on and after the vesting date by or against the Electricity Council or the Generating Board, as the case may be.

(2) Any legal proceedings or applications to any authority pending on the vesting date by or against the Central Authority, in so far as they relate to any agreement or document which has effect in accordance with subsection (1) or subsection (2) of section twenty-six of this Act, may be continued on and after the vesting date by or against the appropriate transferees (as defined by that section).

(3) In this paragraph * obligation " has the same meaning as in section twenty-five of this Act.

9. —(1) The Minister may direct the Central Authority to produce * such books of account, records and documents, and to supply such other information, as may reasonably be required—

(a) by the Electricity Council or the Generating Board for the purpose of assisting that Council or Board in taking over the property.

448

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. —cant.

rights, liabilities and obligations transferred to them by virtue of this Act, or

(b) by the Minister, the Electricity Council or the Generating Board for any other purposes arising out of the provisions of this Act, and to provide facilities for the examination of any such books, records and documents, and the taking of copies thereof and extracts therefrom, and facilities for the verification of other information supplied under the directions.

(2) Any such directions may make provision as to the manner, time and place in or at which any requirement of the directions is to be complied with.

10.—(1) Notwithstanding the definition of "financial year " in subsection (1) of section sixty-seven of the principal Act, or any regulations made for the purposes of that definition,—

(a) the period beginning with the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, and ending with the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven (in this paragraph referred to as " the 1957 period "), shall, for all the purposes of the principal Act, be taken to be a financial year of the Central Authority and of each of the Area Boards; and

(b) so much (if any) of the period beginning with the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, and ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, as (apart from this paragraph) would not have been comprised in the first financial year of the Electricity Council, or of the Generating Board, or, in the case of any of the Area Boards, would not have been comprised in the first financial year of that Board beginning after the end of the 1957 period, shall, for all the purposes of the principal Act and of this Act, be treated as added to, and incorporated in, that first financial year.

(2) The Electricity Council and the Generating Board shall be jointly responsible for the annual report of the Central Authority for the 1957 period (which, in accordance with the preceding sub-paragraph, will constitute a financial year of the Authority) and for the accounts and audit of the Central Authority for that period, but only so far as may be necessary—

(a) for completing that report and submitting it to the Minister;

(A) for completing those accounts; and

(c) for sending to the Minister a copy of the statement of those accounts and of any report of the auditors thereon; and the provisions of section ten of this Act and of section forty-six of the principal Act shall apply accordingly with the necessary modifications.

Pension rights

11. Notwithstanding any amendment of the principal Act having effect by virtue of this Act, in section fifty-four of that Act (which relates to pensions for former employees) any reference to an Electricity Board shall continue on and after the vesting date to include a reference to the Central Authority.

12. Notwithstanding any amendment by this Act of subsection (6) of section three of the principal Act (which relates to the remuneration

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

449

and pensions of members of the Central Authority and of Area Boards),—

(a) the provisions of that subsection (except so much of those provisions as requires the payments thereunder to be made by the Central Authority) shall continue on and after the vesting date to have effect in relation to persons who were members of the Central Authority at any time before the vesting date, other than persons to whom compensation becomes payable by virtue of subsection (1) of section twenty-seven of this Act;

(b) any liability arising by virtue of the said subsection (6) (in so far as that subsection has effect in accordance with the preceding sub-paragraph) to pay any pension on or after the vesting date to or in respect of persons who were members of the Central Authority shall be treated for the purposes of section twenty-six of this Act as if it had been a liability of the Central Authority subsisting immediately before the vesting date.

Activities and expenses of Electricity Council and Generating Board before vesting date

13. —(1) Notwithstanding anything contained in subsection (3) of section forty-three of this Act, subsection (5) of section two of the principal Act and subsections (1), (6), (7) and (8) of section three of that Act, as amended respectively by Part I of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, shall have effect in relation to the Generating Board as from the establishment of that Board:

Provided that nothing in this sub-paragraph shall affect the operation of those subsections in relation to the Central Authority.

(2) In respect of any expenses incurred or to be incurred by the Electricity Council or the Generating Board before the vesting date, the Council or Board, as the case may be, may require the Central Authority to make such payments to them as the Council or Board may certify to be necessary for meeting any such expenses.

(3) All payments made by the Central Authority in accordance with the last preceding sub-paragraph shall be charged to the revenue account of the Authority for the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

(4) All expenses incurred by the Electricity Council or the Generating Board before the vesting date shall, for the purposes of the accounts of the Council or Board, be treated as expenses incurred in the first financial year of the Council or Board; and all sums received by the Electricity Council or the Generating Board by virtue of sub-paragraph <2) of this paragraph shall be treated for those purposes as receipts attributable to that financial year.

Applications for consent or authorisation made before vesting date

14. The following provisions of this Act, that is to say,—

(a) sections thirty-two to thirty-four, and

(6) so much of the Fourth Schedule to this Act as amends section two of the Electric Lighting Act, 1909, shall not have effect in relation to the giving of any consent or authorisation for which application was made before the passing of this Act, or is made thereafter but before the vesting date.

P

3rd Sch.

—COtlt.

450

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 42.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Amendment and Adaptation of Enactments Part I

Section of Act Section 1 ...

Section 2 ...

Section 3 ...

Section 4... Section 10...

Amendments of Electricity Act, 1947 Amendment

In subsection (2), for the words " Central Electricity Authority*' there shall be substituted the words " Generating Board *; in subsection (3), for the words "Central Authority'*, in the second place where they occur, there shall be substituted the words "Generating Board"; in subsection (4), in paragraphs (a) and (b), for the words "with the approval of the Central Authority" there shall be substituted the words " after consultation with the Generating Board", and for the words "Central Authority", in the third and fourth places where they occur in that subsection, there shall be substituted the words "Electricity Council and in subsection (6), after the words " this Part of this Act" there shall be inserted the words " or under the Electricity Act, 1957

In subsection (2), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " Generating Board in subsection (5), for the words " Central Authority" there shall be substituted the words "Generating Board", and for the words from "performance of their duties" to "any of their functions" there shall be substituted the words " exercise or performance of any of their functions under the foregoing section or the Electricity Act, 1957, or"; in subsection (8), after the words "Central Authority" there shall be inserted the words " or the Generating Board in subsection (8A), for the words "an Electricity Board in England" there shall be substituted the words "any of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales"; and in subsection (9), after the words "provisions of this Act" there shall be inserted the words " and the provisions of section two of the Electricity Act, 1957, as to the functions of the Generating Board ".

In subsections (1), (6), (7) and (8) (in each place where the words occur) for the words "Central Authority" there shall be substituted the words " Generating Board ".

In subsection (2), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Council".

For the words "Central Authority" there shall be substituted the words "Electricity Council, the Generating Board", and after the word "Parliament ", in the first place where it occurs, there shall be inserted the words " and the Electricity Council".

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

451

Section of Act

Section 16... Section 19 ...

Section 20...

Section 21 ... Section 33 ... Section 37... Section 40... Section 45 ...

Amendment

In subsection (2), after the words " functions under this Act " there shall be inserted the words " (or, in the case of the Generating Board, of their functions under this Act or under the Electricity Act, 1957) ",

In subsection (1), for the words " England or Wales ", where they first occur, there shall be substituted the words " England and Wales ", and, in paragraph (a), for the words " Electricity Board in England or Wales " there shall be substituted the words " such Electricity Board ", and after the words " this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or the Electricity Act, 1957 in the proviso to that subsection and in subsection (2), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words "Electricity Council "; and in subsection (3), for the words " an Electricity Board in England or Wales " there shall be substituted the words " any of the Electricity Boards in England and Wales ", and for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Council ".

In subsection (1), for the words " Central Authority ", wherever they occur, there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Council ", and for the word "Authority", where it occurs without the word "Central", there shall be substituted the word "Council ".

In subsection (3), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Council

In subsection (4), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Council ".

In subsection (2), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words "Generating Board".

In subsection (3), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Council ".

In subsection (1), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words "Generating Board ", and for the words from " to the central reserve fund " to " area reserve fund " there shall be substituted the words " in the case of the Generating Board, to the generating reserve fund, in the case of the South of Scotland Board, to the general reserve fund established under section eleven A of the Act of 1943, and, in the case of an Area Board, to the area reserve fund maintained by the Board "; and in subsection (2), in paragraph (h), for the words "said Act" there shall be substituted the words " Act of 1943 ".

4th Sox. —com*

452

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. —com.

Section of

Act Amendment

Section 46 ... In subsection (1), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Council, the Generating Board ", and for the word "Authority ", in the second place where it occurs, there shall be substituted the word "Council"; in subsection (3), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Council, the Generating Board "; and the following subsection shall be substituted for subsections (4) and (5):—

" (4) The Electricity Council, the Generating Board and every Area Board shall, as soon as their accounts have been audited, send a copy of the statement thereof referred to in subsection (1) of this section to the Minister and (in the case of the Generating Board or an Area Board) to the Electricity Council, together with a copy of any report made by the auditors on that statement or on those accounts, and copies of those statements and of every such report shall be made available to the public at a reasonable price ".

Section 50 ... In subsection (1), for the words " the Central Authority " and " the Authority " there shall be substituted the words " every Electricity Board ".

Section 51 ... In subsection (3), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " Generating Board".

Section 54... In paragraph (a) of subsection (1), after the words " Electricity Board ", in both places where those words occur, there shall be inserted the words " or the Electricity Council", and in paragraph (b) of that subsection, after the words " the like purposes " there shall be inserted the words "(whether the schemes in question came into existence before or after the vesting date) "; in subsection (4), after the words " Electricity Board " there shall be inserted the words " or the Electricity Council ", after the word "Board ", in each other place where it occurs, there shall be inserted the words " or Council ", and after the words " provision of this Act " there shall be inserted the words " (including any such provision as applied to the Electricity Council by the Electricity Act, 1957) "; and in subsection (8), after the words " Electricity Board " there shall be inserted the words " or the Electricity Council ".

Section 58 ... In subsection (2), for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words "Electricity Council ".

Section 60 ... In subsection (1), after the words " arising from " there shall be inserted the words " the supply or ".

1957

Electricity Act, 1957

Ch. 48

453

Amendment

After the words " this Act ", in the second place where they occur, there shall be inserted the words " or the Electricity Act, 1957

In subsection (1), at the end there shall be inserted the words " or the Electricity Act, 1957

In subsection (1), in paragraph (b) of the definition of "financial year ", after the words " Electricity Board " there shall be inserted the words " or to the Electricity Council ", and after the words " first financial year" there shall be inserted the words " (except in relation to the Electricity Council and the Generating Board) "; and after the definition of *' functions " there shall be inserted the words—

" * the Generating Board * means the Central Electricity Generating Board constituted under the Electricity Act, 1957 ".

In paragraph 5 of Part I, and in paragraph 2, and sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 5, of Part n, for the words "Central Authority", in each place where they occur, there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Council"; and in sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 5 of Part n, the words " by the Central Authority" shall be omitted, and after the words " in respect of any securities " there shall be inserted the words " whether by the Central Authority or by the Electricity Council ".

Part II

Amendments and Adaptations of other Enactments General amendments and adaptations

Subject to any specific amendment or adaptation made by the following provisions of this Schedule, the words " Generating Board " shall be substituted for the words " Central Authority ", " Central Electricity Authority" or "British Electricity Authority" wherever those words occur in any enactment (including any local enactment) other than the Electricity Act, 1947, and the enactments relating to income tax and the profits tax.

In the provisions of the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1936, any reference to those Acts, or to one or more of those Acts, being a reference which by virtue of Part I of the Fourth Schedule to the principal Act is to be construed as including a reference to the principal Act, shall be construed as also including a reference to this Act.

Where any local enactment refers to any provisions of the principal Act which are amended by this Act, or, being provisions relating to the Central Authority, are re-enacted (with or without modifications) in this Act in the form of corresponding provisions relating to the Generating Board or the Electricity Council, the reference shall be

Section of Act

Section 63 ...

Section 66... Section 67...

Third

Schedule

4th Sch.

—cent.

454

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. construed as a reference to the provisions in question as amended —cont. by this Act, or to the corresponding provisions of this Act, as the case may be.

In any amendment made in any other enactment by the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule, or by the following provisions thereof, " the Generating Board " means the Central Electricity Generating Board constituted under this Act.

The Electric Lighting , 1882

In the provisions of section eighteen of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, incorporated with the said Act of 1882 by virtue of section twelve thereof, the words from "or shall supply any other person " to the words " by the Undertakers ", and the words " or such supply furnished ", shall be omitted.

The Electric Lighting ( ) Act, 1899

In the Schedule, in section fifty-seven, for the words " shall also order " there shall be substituted the words " may also direct and, in the Appendix, the provisions of section eighteen of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, therein set out shall be modified in accordance with the last preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule.

The Electric Lighting , 1909

In section two, for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " Generating Board or any Area Board ", after the words " district in which the land is situate " there shall be inserted the words " to the local planning authority (within the meaning of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947) in whose area that land is situate ", and after the words " such local authority " there shall be inserted the words " local planning authority".

Subject to the provisions of the Act of 1943 relating to constructional schemes and with the substitution, for the reference to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, of a reference to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, the provisions of the said section two shall apply to the Scottish Electricity Boards as they apply to the Generating Board.

The Electricity ( ) Act, 1919

In section eleven, for the words " Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " Generating Board or any Area Board ",

The Hydro-Electric Development ( Act, 1943

In section two the following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (4):—

" (4) The Scottish Electricity Boards may provide bulk supplies of electricity—

(a) for the Generating Board, and

(b) for any person or body of persons carrying on an electricity undertaking outside Great Britain".

In section ten A, in subsection (1), for the words " Electricity Act, 1947 ", there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Act, 1957 ".

In section seventeen, for the words " and the Central Authority " there shall be substituted the words " the Electricity Council, the Generating Board and the Area Boards ".

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

455

The Local Government , 1948

In section eighty-five, in paragraph (b) of subsection (1), after the words " British Electricity Authority " there shall be inserted the words " the Electricity Council, the Generating Board ", and at the end of that subsection there shall be inserted the following proviso:—

" Provided that, in relation to the year 1958-59 and all subsequent years, the reference in this subsection to the making of payments by the British Electricity Authority shall be construed as a reference to the making of those payments by the Electricity Council

In section ninety-one, after the words " British Electricity Authority " there shall be inserted the words " the Electricity Council, the Generating Board

In section ninety-two, in subsection (1), the reference to the British Electricity Authority shall include a reference to the Electricity Council and the Generating Board, and, in relation to that Council and that Board, the reference to the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, shall be construed as a reference to the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight.

In section ninety-six, nothing in the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall affect the words " British Electricity Authority " in subsection (1), but the following subsection shall be inserted after that subsection:—

" (1A) The preceding subsection shall not apply to the year 1958-59 or years subsequent thereto; but, with respect to that year, and subsequent years,—

(i a) the Electricity Council shall in each year make a payment for the benefit of local authorities in England and Wales; and

(b) the South of Scotland Electricity Board shall in each year make a payment for the benefit of local authorities in Scotland with areas outside the North of Scotland District ",

and in subsection (2) of that section, for the words " said payments " there shall be substituted the words " payments referred to in the preceding subsections ".

In section ninety-seven, in subsection (1). after the words " British Electricity Authority ", there shall be inserted the words " or the Electricity Council ".

In section ninety-eight, in subsection (3), after the words " Central Electricity Authority " there shall be inserted the words " or Electricity Council", and in subsection (7), in paragraph (c), after the words " Electricity Act, 1947 " there shall be added the words " as modified by section two of the Electricity Act, 1957 ".

In section ninety-nine, at the end of subsection (4), there shall be inserted the following proviso:—

" Provided that, in relation to units supplied on or after the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, references in this subsection to the British Electricity Authority shall be construed as references to the Generating Board

4th Sch.

—COM.

456

Ch. 48

Electricity 1957

5 & 6 E2

4th Sea. In section one hundred and two, in subsection (1), after the words —coni. "British Electricity Authority" there shall be inserted the words " the Electricity Council

The Gas and Electricity (Borrowing Powers) 1954

In section one, for the words " the said Acts " there shall be substituted the words " that Act

The Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) , 1954

In section twelve, in subsection (1), after the words " transfer; and * there shall be inserted the words " subject to the next following subsection " and at the end of that subsection there shall be added the following subsection—

" (1A) Where any regulations made under subsection (1) of this section provide for appeals to be brought as mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of the said section fifty-five, the

referee or board of referees on any such appeal may, and if so directed by the Court of Session shall, state a case for the opinion of that Court on any question of law arising in the proceedings."

The Finance , 19561

In section forty-two, in paragraph (a) of subsection (2), for the words "Central Electricity Authority" there shall be substituted the words " Electricity Council ".

The Rating and Valuation Act, 1957

In section two, after the words "Central Electricity Authority", in each place where they occur, there shall be inserted the words " or the Electricity Council"; and any reference in that section to any provisions of the Local Government Act, 1948, shall be construed as a reference to those provisions as amended by the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule.

The House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957

In Part II of the First Schedule, for the words " The Central Eleo-tricity Authority " there shall be substituted the words " The Central Electricity Generating Board ", and after the words " The Electricity Board for Northern Ireland " there shall be inserted the words " The Electricity Council ".

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48

457

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed Part I

Repeals Extending to England and Wales and Scotland

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

62 & 63 Vkt c. 19. The Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. In the Schedule, in section ten, in paragraph (6), the words from 44 and except" to the words 44purpose of supply ".

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 100. The Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919. In section twenty-nine, subsections (3) and (4).

10&U Geo. 6. c. 54. The Electricity Act, 1947. In section one, in subsection (1), the words from 44 and it shall be the duty " to the end of the subsection; subsection (1A); and in subsection (2) the words 44 as from the vesting date ". In section seven, subsection (14). Sections seventeen and eighteen. Sections twenty-three to twenty-six. Sections twenty-nine and thirty. Section thirty-four. In section forty-five, paragraph (a) of subsection (2). In section forty-seven, subsections (1), (2) and (4). Section forty-eight. Section forty-nine. In section fifty, subsection (5). Section fifty-three. In section sixty-eight, subsection (6).

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26. The Local Government Act, 1948. Section one hundred and three.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 52. The Gas and Electricity (Borrowing Powers) Act, 1954. In section one, the words 44 the British Electricity Authority and Area Electricity Boards, and of", and paragraph (a).

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 60. The Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954. In section ten, subsection (1). In the First Schedule, in Part III, the adaptation of the Electric Lighting Act, 1909.

P*

Section* 42,43.

458

Ch. 48

Electricity , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

5th Sch.

—com.

Part n

Repeals Extending to England and Wales only

Session and Chapter

10 All Geo.6. c. 54.

Short

Title

The Electricity Act, 1947.

Extent of Repeal

In section two, subsections (1), (3) and

(6).

In section three, subsection (2); in paragraph (a) of subsection (3) the words 44 after consultation with the Central Authority and in subsection (5) the words from 44 appoint one or more of the members* to the words 44after consultation with the Central Authority *.

Sections five and six.

Section eight.

Section thirty-six.

In section thirty-seven, subsections (5) and (6), paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (7), and in subsection (8> the words from 44 and the Central Authority* to the end of the subsection.

Section thirty-nine.

In section forty, subsections (1), (2) and (4).

Sections forty-one to forty-four.

•o»

1957

Electricity , 1957

Ch. 48, 49

459

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847 10 & 11 Vict. c. 15.

Local Loans Act, 1875 38 & 39 Vict. c. 83.

Telegraph Act, 1878 41 & 42 Vict. c. 76.

Electric Lighting Act, 1882 45 & 46 Vict. c. 56.

Finance Act, 1899 62 & 63 Vict. c. 9.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899 62 & 63 Vict. c. 19.

Electric Lighting Act, 1909 9 Edw. 7. c. 34.

Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919 9 & 10 Geo. 5. < :. 100.

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation)

Act, 1925 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49.

Electricity (Supply) Act, 1926 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 51.

Electric Supply (Meters) Act, 1936 26 Geo. 5. A 1 Edw. 8.

c. 20.

Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland) Act, 1943 6 A 7 Geo. 6. c . 32.

Finance Act, 1946 9 A 10 Geo. 6.« c. 64.

Finance Act, 1947 10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 35.

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 10 All Geo. 6. c. 51.

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 10 All Geo. 6. c. 53.

Electricity Act, 1947 10 All Geo. 6. c. 54.

Local Government Act, 1948 11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

Gas and Electricity (Borrowing Powers) Act, 1954 2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 52.

Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954 ... 2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 60.

Finance Act, 1956 4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 54.

Rating and Valuation Act, 1957 5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 17.

House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957 ... 5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

CHAPTER 49

Finance Act, 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Customs and Excise

Section

1. Entertainments duty.

2. Television duty.

3. Continuation of expiring duties on hops, etc.

4. Australian trade agreement.

5. Duties and drawbacks on composite goods.

6. Amendment as to regulations under Finance Act, 1933, Sch. 5.

7. Amendment of Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, as to tower wagons.

Part II

Purchase Tax

8. Reduction of purchase tax on certain household goods.

9. Extension to purchase tax of Provisional Collection of Taxes Act, 1913.

P • 2

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part III

Income Tax (General Provisions)

Section

10. Charge of tax for 1957-58.

11. Surtax rates for 1956-57.

12. Increase of personal reliefs.

13. Relief for persons over sixty-five with small incomes.

14. Allowance of personal reliefs for purposes of surtax.

15. Increase of investment allowances for ships.

16. Amendment as to capital allowances in respect of machinery and plant.

17. Capital allowances for buildings, etc., of bridge undertakings.

18. Persons chargeable under Schedule A for buildings let in parts.

19. Tax in respect of land in Scotland or Northern Ireland.

20. Charge to tax of periodical payments from House of Commons

Members’ Fund.

21. Extension of payments treated as " small maintenance payments

22. Exemption for dividends on Government securities held by certain

central banks.

Part IV

Income Tax and Profits Tax (Overseas Trade Corporations)

Qualifications of Overseas Trade Corporations

23. Definition of Overseas Trade Corporation.

24. Overseas Trade Corporations: disqualifications.

Income Tax Provisions

25. Exemption of trading income from income tax.

26. Dividends paid out of exempt trading income: income tax charge.

27. Income tax charge in respect of exempt trading income in other cases.

28. Credit for foreign taxes.

Profits Tax Provisions

29. Exemption of trading income from the profits tax.

Miscellaneous

30. Annual determination of status, and provisions on changes of status.

31. Adjustment of price on transactions between an Overseas Trade

Corporation and a person trading in the United Kingdom.

32. Transfer of part of trade to Overseas Trade Corporation.

33. Surtax on undistributed income and consequential charge at standard

rate.

34. Power to make regulations.

35. Definition of trading income and investment income.

36. Interpretation of Part IV.

37. Commencement of Part IV.

Part V Estate Duty

38. Gifts inter vivos.

39. Widows’ annuities under retirement schemes, etc.

Part VI

Miscellaneous

40. Profits tax (interest payments of certain Electricity Boards).

41. Reduction of National Land Fund.

42. Short title, construction, extent and repeal.

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

461

Schedules:

First Schedule—Exemptions from entertainments duty.

Second Schedule—Duties and drawbacks on composite goods.

Third Schedule—Capital allowances in respect of machinery and plant.

Fourth Schedule—Overseas Trade Corporations: modifications of Income Tax Acts.

Fifth Schedule—Relation of exempt trading income to distributions. Sixth Schedule—Charge to tax in respect of distributions made out of exempt trading income.

Seventh Schedule—Modification of profits tax enactments.

Eighth Schedule—Overseas Trade Corporations: changes of status. Ninth Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties, and to amend the law relating to the National Debt and the Public Revenue, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

[31st July, 1957]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Customs and Excish

1,—(1) Entertainments duty shall not be chargeable except Entertainments in respect of entertainments which consist wholly or partly of a duty* cinematograph show or a television show.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the entertainments duty chargeable on any payment for admission shall be equal to the amount (if any) by which the amount of the payment, excluding the amount of the duty, exceeds eleven pence.

462

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I

—cent.

(3) Entertainments duty shall not be chargeable in respect of an entertainment by reason of the inclusion in it of any cinematograph or television show which is merely ancillary to a lecture or exhibition or designed to give instruction or information relevant to the purposes of a lecture or exhibition.

(4) The entertainments duty chargeable in respect of any entertainment shall be reduced by one third if die Commissioners of Customs and Excise on an application made in such manner as they may direct are satisfied that—

(a) the entertainment consists partly of one or more

cinematograph or television shows and partly of other items, but is all given in one auditorium; and

(b) not less than one quarter of the total time taken by the entertainment (excluding intervals) is taken by those other items.

(5) Subsection (4) of section one of the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916 (which relates to the charge of duty on lump sum payments and other payments covering more than the admission to a single entertainment), shall have effect with the omission of the words " or covers admission to an entertainment during any period for which the duty has not been in operation " and of the words " in respect of which entertainments duty is payable ".

(6) Entertainments duty shall be chargeable in accordance with this section notwithstanding any exemption conferred by any enactment passed before this Act, but the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of conferring exemptions from duty.

(7) The power conferred by subsection (1) of section two of the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916, to make regulations for carrying the provisions of that Act as to entertainments duty into effect shall include power to make regulations for carrying into effect the provisions of this or any other Act as to the duty.

(8) Subsections (1) to (5) of this section shall apply and be deemed to have applied to payments (whenever made) for admission to entertainments given after the fourth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

(9) Subsection (6) of this section shall not apply as regards entertainments given before the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven; but as regards any such entertainment given after the said fourth day of May, section seventeen of the Finance Act, 1948 (which provides relief for rural entertainments), shall have and be deemed to have had effect with the substitution in subsection (1) for the words " a population not exceeding two thousand" of the words "a population not exceeding three thousand ".

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

463

(10) Where entertainments duty has been charged on any Part I payment made before the date of the passing of this Act and by — virtue of this section a less amount of duty or no duty should have been charged, the person by whom the duty was paid shall be entitled to repayment of the overcharge.

2.—(1) On every licence to which this section applies (in this Televinoii section referred to as "a television licence") there shall be duty. charged a duty of excise, to be known as television duty, at the standard yearly rate of one pound (or such other rate as under the following provisions of this section is applicable to the licence); and no licence on which the duty is chargeable shall be valid unless the appropriate duty is paid on or before the issue of the licence.

(2) On a television licence of a type designed to authorise in any premises the installation and use for receiving television broadcast programmes of apparatus in rooms let or available for letting to guests or boarders as living rooms or bedrooms, television duty shall be charged, not at the standard rate, but at a yearly rate equal to the aggregate duty at the standard rate on separate licences for those premises and for each of those rooms (up to the number covered by the licence), and on any other television licence which authorises apparatus to be installed and used as aforesaid in more than one place (otherwise than by giving general authority as to the whole or part of any specified premises, area, vehicle or vessel) the duty shall be similarly charged as on separate licences for each of those places:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a licence unless the licence is or, if it authorised the installation of apparatus only in a single place, would be one for which the licence fees are prescribed by post office regulations.

(3) Where the licence fees for a television licence are not prescribed by post office regulations, and the licence is not one to which subsection (2) of this section applies, the television duty on the licence shall not be charged at the standard rate, but shall bear to the licence fees for that licence the same proportion as the duty on a licence chargeable at the standard rate bears to the licence fees for a licence so chargeable.

(4) The television duty payable on a television licence (other than a licence chargeable in accordance with subsection (3) of this section) shall be calculated at the appropriate yearly rate according to the number of months in the period for which the licence is issued (any incomplete month being treated as a complete month); and where a licence taken out after the expiration of a previous licence is issued so as to expire at the end of a period calculated from that expiration, it shall for this purpose be treated as a licence for that period:

464

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I

—cont.

Provided that where a licence of a type normally issued for a period of a particular length is for special reasons issued for a longer or shorter period, but the licence fees payable for it are the same as if it had been issued for a period of the normal length, the licence shall be treated for the purposes of this subsection as a licence for a period of the normal length.

(5) Where a television licence is issued on the surrender of an unexpired television licence, and under post office regulations the licence fees payable for the new licence are reduced by reason of the surrender of the old, the television duty on the new licence shall be reduced in the same proportion as the licence fees.

(6) Where a television licence on which television duty has been paid at a yearly rate is surrendered unexpired, and subsection (5) of this section does not apply by reason of the surrender to reduce the television duty chargeable on another licence, then for each complete month unexpired of the period for which the licence was issued there may be repaid an amount of duty not exceeding one-twelfth of the yearly rate at which the duty was paid on the licence.

(7) Television duty shall not be chargeable on any licence issued as a duplicate of a television licence which has been lost or destroyed, but for the purposes of this section the surrender of any licence so issued shall be treated as the surrender of the original licence.

(8) Television duty shall be collected, and any repayment of the duty shall be made, through the Post Office in accordance with the directions of the Postmaster General, but without prejudice to the application to the duty of section eleven of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952 (which provides among other things for the payment of sums collected on account of excise duties to the general account of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise at the Bank of England).

(9) This section applies to any licence under section one of the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1949, being a licence of a type designed wholly or partly for apparatus which is to be used primarily for receiving television broadcast programmes and is not to be so used solely or primarily with a view to re-broadcasting or relaying those programmes by wire or by wireless:

Provided that this section shall apply only to licences issued in Great Britain, and shall not apply to any licence for which no licence fees are payable.

(10) In this section—

(a) " licence fees " means in relation to any licence the sums payable to the Postmaster General in respect of the issue of the licence;

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch,49

465

(6) " post office regulations " means regulations made by Part I

the Postmaster General under section two of the —cent.

Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1949;

and in subsection (2) of this section " place " includes a vehicle or vessel or part of one.

(11) Television duty shall be chargeable on any licence issued after the beginning of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, and this section shall have effect as from the beginning of that month.

3.—(1) On the importation into the United Kingdom of any Continuation of the goods mentioned in this subsection there shall be charged of expiring a duty of customs at the rate specified for those goods (or, if the how etc goods are Empire products within the meaning of section eight * of the Finance Act, 1919, at two-thirds of the rate so specified), that is to say—

(a) on hops, a duty at the rate of four pounds per hundred-

weight;

(b) on hop oil, a duty at the rate of one pound per ounce;

(c) on any extract, essence or other similar preparation

made from hops, except hop oil, a duty at the rate of four pounds for every hundredweight of hops which, in the opinion of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise, has been used in the manufacture of the goods.

(2) On the exportation from the United Kingdom of hops in respect of which it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that they were imported in the packages in which they are being exported, there shall be allowed a drawback equal to the duty of customs shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been paid in respect of the hops under this section (or, in the case of hops imported before the coming into force of this section, under subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1925).

(3) On beer on which a drawback of excise duties is allowed, there shall in addition be allowed under this subsection a drawback of tenpence for every thirty-six gallons of beer.

(4) The foregoing duties and drawbacks shall be in lieu of the similar (but temporary) duties and drawbacks under subsection

(1) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1925, or, in the case of the drawback on beer, under subsection (4) of section two of the Finance Act, 1933.

(5) The additional duty of customs imposed on beer by subsection (2) of section two of the Finance Act, 1933, shall continue to be charged until Parliament otherwise determines.

466

Part I

—cont.

Australian trade agreement.

Duties and drawbacks on composite foods.

Amendment as to

regulations under Finance Act, 1933, Sell. 3.

Amendment of Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, as to tower wagons.

Reduction of purchase tax on certain household foods.

Ch. 49 Finance A, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4. —(1) With a view to the fulfilment of the agreement made on the twenty-sixth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, between Her Majesty’s Governments in the United Kingdom and in the Commonwealth of Australia (of which a copy was presented to Parliament on that day) the Ottawa Agreements Act, 1932, and all other enactments relating to customs, shall have effect as from that date as if that agreement were substituted for the agreement set out in Part II of the First Schedule to that Act.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not affect the operation of section seven of the Ottawa Agreements Act, 1932 (which provides for regulating imports of certain frozen and chilled meat); and accordingly that section shall have effect as if the reference to the agreement set out in Part II of the First Schedule to that Act were a reference to Article 6 of the agreement originally so set out.

5. As from such date as the Treasury may appoint by order made by statutory instrument, the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the customs duties to be charged, and the customs and excise drawbacks to be allowed, on composite goods containing a dutiable part or ingredient and with respect to rebates and drawbacks of customs duties so charged.

6. Any statutory instrument made in exercise of the power to make regulations conferred on the Board of Trade by the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1933 (which contains provisions for determining the country of origin of imported goods for purposes of preference under the Import Duties Act, 1932, and the Ottawa Agreements Act, 1932), shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

7. As from the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, the definition of "tower wagon " in subsection (1) of section twenty-seven of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, shall have effect as if the reference to a telescopic contrivance designed for facilitating the erection, inspection, repair or maintenance of overhead structures or equipment included any expanding or extensible contrivance so designed.

Part II Purchase Tax

8.—(1) The enactments relating to purchase tax shall have effect as if in Part I of the Eighth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1948 (as amended by Treasury orders under section twenty-one

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

467

of that Act and in particular by the Purchase Tax (Consolidation) Order, 1956)—

(a) a rate of tax of fifteen per cent, were substituted for any

rate of thirty per cent, in the following places, namely—

(i) Group 9 (which comprises floor coverings and rugs);

in)Group 11 (which comprises furniture, hardware, ironmongery, turnery, table-ware, kitchen-ware and toilet-ware of kinds used for domestic or office purposes);

(iii) paragraph (a) of Group 12 (which comprises appliances and apparatus of kinds used for domestic purposes, and not designed for operation by electricity or gas);

(iv) Group 13 (which comprises cutlery suitable for domestic or personal use, and spoons, forks and similar articles suitable for domestic use);

(b) at the end of Group 12 there were added a new para-

graph—

" (m) sewing machines not designed for operation by electricity ... 30 per cent."

(2) This section shall have effect subject to any Treasury order made under the said section twenty-one after the passing of this Act, and may be amended or repealed by any such order accordingly.

(3) This section shall have effect as from the tenth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

9. The Provisional Collection of Taxes Act, 1913, shall apply to purchase tax as well as to duties of customs and excise and to income tax; and accordingly in section three of that Act after the words " to duties of customs and excise " there shall be inserted the words " to purchase tax ".

Part III

Income Tax (General Provisions)

10. Income tax for the year 1957-58 shall be charged at the standard rate of eight shillings and sixpence in the pound, and, in the case of an individual whose total income exceeds two thousand pounds, at such higher rates in respect of the excess as Parliament may hereafter determine.

11. Income tax for the year 1956-57 shall be charged, in the case of an individual whose total income exceeded two thousand pounds, at the same higher rates in respect of the excess as were charged for the year 1955-56.

Part II

—cont.

Extension to purchase tax of Provisional Collection of Taxes Act, 1913.

Charge of tax for 1957-58.

Surtax rates for 1956-57.

468

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part in —cent. Increase of personal reliefs.

12.—(1) In subsection (1) (earned income relief) of section two hundred and eleven of the Income Tax Act, 1952, for the reference to tax at the standard rate on two-ninths of the claimant’s earned income or on four hundred and fifty pounds, whichever is the less, there shall be substituted a reference to tax at the standard rate on—

(a) two-ninths of the amount (up to a maximum of four

thousand and five pounds) of the claimant’s earned income; plus

(b) one-ninth of the amount (up to a maximum of five

thousand, nine hundred and forty pounds) of any excess of his earned income over four thousand and five pounds.

(2) In subsections (2) and (3) (old age relief) of that section, for the references to six hundred pounds (which refer to the income limit for the full relief under subsection (2)) there shall be substituted references to seven hundred pounds.

(3) Section two hundred and twelve of the Income Tax Act, 1952, shall be amended by substituting for the words " one hundred pounds " in subsection (1) the words " the appropriate amount for the child ", and by inserting after that subsection the following subsection:—

" (1A) The appropriate amount for the child shall vary according to the age of the child at the commencement of the year of assessment, and—

(a) for a child shown by the claimant to have been then

over the age of sixteen, shall be one hundred and fifty pounds; and

(b) for a child not so shown, but shown by the claimant

to have been then over the age of eleven, shall be one hundred and twenty-five pounds; and

(c) in any other case shall be one hundred pounds "; and section two hundred and thirteen of that Act shall be amended by substituting for the words " one hundred pounds " in both places in subsection (2) and for the words " The one hundred pounds " in subsection (3) the words " the appropriate amount for the child ".

(4) In subsection (4) of section two hundred and twelve of the Income Tax Act, 1952, as amended, for the reference to eighty-five pounds there shall be substituted a reference to one hundred pounds.

(5) This section shall not be deemed to have required any change in the amounts deducted or repaid under section one hundred and fifty-seven (pay as you earn) of the Income Tax Act, 1952, before the twenty-second day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

le

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

469

13*—0) A claimant, if he proves that at any time within the Part m year of assessment either he or his wife living with him was of —cont*

the age of sixty-five years or upwards,— Rc*»f for

(a) shall be entitled to exemption from income tax, if he

also proves either— with small

(i) that his total income for that year does not incomes, exceed two hundred and fifty pounds; or

(ii) that he would be entitled to the higher (or married personal relief under subsection (1) of section two hundred and ten of the Income Tax Act,

1952, and his total income for the year does not exceed four hundred pounds; and

(b) shall be entitled, if he is not exempt under the foregoing

provision by reason only of his total income for the year exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds or four hundred pounds, as the case may be, and the excess is less than fifty pounds, to have the income tax payable in respect of his total income reduced, where necessary, to an amount equal to half that excess.

(2) The Income Tax Act, 1952, and in particular Part VIII thereof, shall have effect as if this section were inserted in that Act between sections two hundred and nine and two hundred and ten.

(3) This section shall not be deemed to have required any change in the amounts deducted or repaid under section one hundred and fifty-seven (pay as you earn) of the Income Tax Act, 1952, before the twenty-second day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

14-—(1) For the purpose of charging surtax for the year Allowance 1956-57 or any subsequent year of assessment, there shall be of personal deducted from the total income of an individual the amount tax reliefs for on which at the standard rate for that year is equal to the deductions which he is entitled to be allowed for that year from tax other than surtax under the following provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1952, that is to say—

(i a)subsection (1) of section two hundred and ten (married and single personal reliefs); and

(b) section two hundred and twelve (child relief); and

(c) sections two hundred and fourteen to two hundred and

eighteen (reliefs in respect of housekeeper or dependent relative and similar reliefs);

after subtracting from those deductions the amount of the deduction which a single person may be allowed for that year under subsection (1) of the said section two hundred and ten:

Provided that where an individual not resident in the United Kingdom is entitled to a deduction for any year under this

470

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part HI

—corn.

Increase of investment allowances for ships.

section, the deduction shall be reduced in the proportion in which the proviso to subsection (2) of section two hundred and twenty-seven of the said Act reduces any relief given him for that year under Part VIII (personal reliefs) of that Act.

(2) In the case of a husband and wife who are for any year of assessment separately assessed to tax by virtue of an application under section three hundred and fifty-five or section three hundred and fifty-six of the said Act, the following provisions shall apply in relation to the deduction to be made under subsection (1) of this section for that year: —

(a) whether or not they are separately assessed to surtax, the deduction to be made from their total income shall be the same as if there were no separate assessment;

where they are separately assessed to surtax, the resulting relief from surtax shall be divided between them by treating their respective incomes as reduced as follows: —

(i) the amount (if any) added to the deduction in respect of relief under subsection (2) of section two hundred and twelve, section two hundred and sixteen or section two hundred and seventeen of the said Act shall be treated as reducing the income of the husband or the wife according as he or she maintains the child, relative or daughter in respect of whom that relief is given;

(ii) subject to the foregoing sub-paragraph, the deduction shall be treated as reducing their respective incomes rateably;

but so that, if the amount by which the income of either falls to be reduced under sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this paragraph exceeds the amount of that income, the income of the other shall be treated as reduced by the amount of the excess.

15. An investment allowance made by virtue of subsection

(3) of section sixteen of the Finance Act, 1954, on the provision of a ship shall be equal to two-fifths of the expenditure, instead of one-fifth:

Provided that this section shall apply only where the expenditure is to be treated for the purposes of that subsection as incurred after the ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, and is not to be so treated by virtue only of subsection

(2) of section two hundred and seventy-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to expenditure incurred by a person for the purposes of a trade before he began to carry it on).

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

471

16.—(1) No initial or investment allowance shall be made to any person for any year of assessment under Chapter II of Part X of the Income Tax Act, 1952, in respect of expenditure incurred on the provision of machinery or plant, unless in consequence of his incurring it the machinery or plant belongs to him at some time during his basis period for that year of assessment.

(2) Where a person incurs capital expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant under a contract providing that he shall or may become the owner of the machinery or plant on the performance of the contract, then—

(a) subject to the following paragraph, the machinery or

plant shall for the purposes of this section be treated as belonging to him at any time when he is entitled to the benefit of that contract, so far as it relates to the machinery or plant; but

(b) if he ceases to be so entitled without becoming the

owner of the machinery or plant, the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the machinery or plant.

(3) For the purpose of initial or investment allowances given by virtue of subsection (3) of section three hundred and thirty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952, in respect of contributions made by a person to capital expenditure incurred by another person on the provision of machinery or plant, subsection (1) of this section shall (subject to the provisions of the said Third Schedule) apply as if the relevant asset belonged to the person making the contribution at any time when the machinery or plant belongs or is treated under subsection (2) of this section as belonging to the person for the time being carrying on the trade for the purposes of which the machinery or plant is provided.

(4) This section shall be construed, and the Income Tax Acts shall have effect, as if this section were contained in the said Chapter II.

(5) This section shall be deemed always to have had effect, with the necessary adaptations in relation to years of assessment earlier than the year 1952-53 of references to the Income Tax Act, 1952, or to any provision of that Act:

Provided that where before the ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, an allowance has been claimed in respect of any expenditure, the claim, if not determined at that date, shall be determined without regard to this section, and this section shall not affect any determination made before that date that the allowance ought to be made, or any appeal in respect of a determination on that claim where notice of appeal was

Part III

—com.

Amendment as to capital allowances in respect of machinery and plant.

472

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz . 2

Part in

—cont.

Capital allowances for buildings, Ac., of bridge undertakings.

Persons chargeable under Schedule A for buildings, let in parts.

Tax in respect of land in Scotland or Northern Ireland.

given before that date and the appeal remains undetermined at that date, and the allowance shall not be withdrawn by virtue of this section by reason of any event occurring before the said date.

17. Subsection (1) of section two hundred and seventy-one of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which defines " industrial building or structure " for the purposes of Chapter I of Part X of that Act to mean a building or structure in use for the purposes listed in paragraphs (a) to (g) of the subsection), shall be amended by substituting for the words " or tunnel undertaking " in paragraph (b) of the subsection (as amended by section twenty-five of the Finance Act, 1952) the words " tunnel or bridge undertaking

Provided that the amendment made by this section shall have effect only in relation to expenditure which is to be treated for the purposes of the said Chapter I as incurred after the coming into force of this section.

18. Where a distinct part of a house or building is separately occupied by a tenant of the landlord of the entire house or building (the occupation of any immediate or other sub-tenant of the tenant being treated for this purpose as that of the tenant), then for the purposes of the enactments relating to the persons chargeable under Schedule A, including this section, that part may be treated as a distinct house or building, and shall be so treated if on an appeal by the landlord against an assessment made on him it is shown that the tenant holds that part from the landlord under a letting for a year or more rent free or at a rent less than the amount (as reduced for purposes of collection) of the assessment which would be made on the tenant in respect of that part:

Provided that where the landlord of the entire house or building would (but for this section) be chargeable in respect of it under paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and nine of the Income Tax Act, 1952, he shall remain so chargeable in respect of any part not treated under this section as a distinct house or building.

19.—(1) In relation to lands and heritages in Scotland, the following provisions shall have effect for the year 1957-58 and every subsequent year of assessment until Parliament otherwise determines, that is to say: —

(a) where, in any year of assessment, any person would, but for section sixteen of the Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956, have been liable for owner’s rates in respect of any lands or heritages, he shall be deemed

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

473

for the purposes of section ninety-five of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which provides among other things for a deduction under Schedule A for owner’s rates), to be charged by law with owner’s rates calculated—

(i) at the same amount in the pound as that at which such rates were payable in respect of the lands or heritages for the rating year 1956-57, or would have been so payable if such rates had been chargeable in respect of them for that year; and

<r

(ii) according to a value equal to the annual value of the lands or heritages adopted for the purposes of tax under Schedule A for the year of assessment in question, or, in the case of derated property for which that value exceeds the rateable value in the valuation roll for the rating year beginning in that year of assessment, according to that rateable value;

(fit where it is necessary to value or re-value any lands or heritages for the purpose of tax under Schedule A or Schedule B, the annual value shall be determined as the gross annual value for rating is under section fifteen of the said Act of 1956 required to be determined in the case of lands and heritages valued or re-valued for the valuation roll for any of the rating years from 1957-58 to 1960-61;

(paragraph (b) of this subsection shall not affect the manner of determining annual value under section one hundred and seventy-five of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and for the purposes of that section and section one hundred and seventy-six of that Act any decrease of rent under the Third Schedule to the said Act of 1956 shall be disregarded:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any lands or heritages where at or before the beginning of the year of assessment either—

(a) the lands or heritages are or have been let at a rack rent

of an amount fixed by an agreement commencing after the beginning of the rating year 1957-58 (not being an agreement, express or implied, whereby on the determination of a former letting the same person continues as tenant at the same rent); or

(b) the rent payable by any person in occupation of the

lands or heritages as tenant or statutory tenant is after the beginning of the rating year 1957-58 increased otherwise than by agreement

Part m

—cont.

474

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part m

—corn.

Charge to tax of periodical payments from House of Commons Members* Fund.

Extension of payments treated as "small maintenance payments *.

In this subsection, " derated property " means lands or heritages to which subsection (1) of section twelve of the Rating (Scotland) Act, 1926, or section forty-five of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929, applies; " owner’s rates " means the owner's share of any rate levied by a rating authority; and " rate " and " rating authority " have the like meanings as they have for the purposes of section sixteen of the said Act of 1956.

(2) For the year 1957-58 and every subsequent year of assessment until Parliament otherwise determines, the annual value for purposes of tax under Schedule A or Schedule B of any hereditaments in Northern Ireland shall be determined as if the valuation lists which were in force for the purposes of poor rates immediately before the beginning of April nineteen hundred and fifty-seven had continued in force, but with such alterations (if any) as the surveyor after consultation with the Commissioner of Valuation considers would have been made therein if there had been no second (or subsequent) general revaluation of rateable property under the Valuation Acts Amendment Act (Northern Ireland), 1932.

20. Periodical payments granted out of the House of Commons Members' Fund (including periodical payments granted out of sums appropriated from that Fund or out of the income from those sums) shall be charged to income tax under Schedule E and shall be deemed for all the purposes of the Income Tax Acts to be emoluments assessable under that Schedule.

21. —(1) In section two hundred and five of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which defines for the purposes of Chapter VII of Part VII of the Act the payments, there called "small maintenance payments ", which under that Chapter are to be made without deduction of tax),—

(a) in relation to payments to or for the benefit of a woman

for her maintenance, the weekly amount specified in subsection (3) shall be five pounds for all cases; and

(b) in relation to other payments, the age specified in sub-

section (2) and the weekly amount specified in subseo-tion (3) shall be twenty-one years of age and thirty shillings for all cases.

(2) This section shall not affect payments falling due before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, under an order made before the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven:

Provided that where an order so made is varied or revived at any time after the said fourth day of August, this section shall apply in relation to payments falling due under the order after that time.

1957

Finance Act, 1957

Ch. 49

475

(3) Where a court makes an order in consequence of which payments falling due under a previous order (not being already a small maintenance order) will be treated as small maintenance payments by virtue of the proviso to subsection (2) of this section, the court shall furnish to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, in such form as those Commissioners may prescribe, particulars of those orders, the names of the persons for the time being liable to make and entitled to those payments and, so far as known to the court, the addresses of those persons.

22.—(1) Income tax shall not be chargeable on dividends (within the meaning of Schedule O paid out of the public revenue of the United Kingdom where they are income of any bank or issue department of a bank to which this section for the time being applies:

Provided that this subsection shall not prevent any such dividends being taken into account in computing profits or gains or losses of a business carried on in the United Kingdom.

(2) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that this section shall apply to any bank or to its issue department, if it appears to Her Majesty that the bank is not resident in the United Kingdom and is entrusted by the government of a territory outside the United Kingdom with the custody of the principal foreign exchange reserves of that territory; and Her Majesty may by a further Order in Council revoke or vary any direction so given.

(3) No recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty in Council to make an order under this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before the House of Commons and has been approved by resolution of that House.

Part IV

Income Tax and Profits Tax (Ovbrseas Tradb Corporations)

Qualifications of Overseas Trade Corporations

23.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a company resident in the United Kingdom shall be known for the purposes of income tax and the profits tax as an Overseas Trade Corporation—

(a) if—

(i) it is carrying on a trade outside the United Kingdom, or

(ii) it is a principal company not itself carping on a trade but having a subsidiary company which is an Overseas Trade Corporation and which is carrying on a trade outside the United Kingdom, and

Part III

—com.

Exemption for dividends on Government securities held by certain central banks.

Definition of

Overseas

Trade

Corporation.

476

Ch. 49

Finance Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—ow»/.

(6) if it is not disqualified under the next following section:

Provided that sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph ( of this subsection shall not apply to a principal company where any company which is a subsidiary of that principal company is resident in the United Kingdom but is not an Overseas Trade Corporation.

(2) A company which has never been an Overseas Trade Corporation may, by notice having effect as from the beginning of the first period in which it would otherwise qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation, elect not to qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation.

(3) A company which would, apart from this subsection, qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation in the period of twelve months beginning with the sixth day of April in any year, and which has so qualified in some previous period, may by notice apply to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for a direction that as from the sixth day of April in that year the company shall not qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation and the Commissioners shall, within such period after the end of the said period of twelve months as may be prescribed, give such a direction unless—

(a) relief would, on the footing that the company did not

so qualify in the said period of twelve months, be allowable under the Income Tax Acts in respect of a loss sustained by the company in the said period of twelve months in carrying on a trade, or in respect of capital allowances falling to be made in charging the profits or gains of such a trade, for the year of assessment comprised in the said period of twelve months against income tax charged on income of the company which, if it qualified as an Overseas Trade Corporation, would be investment income, and

(b) it appears to the Commissioners that that relief, together

with any corresponding reduction of the liability of the company to the profits tax, is the sole or main benefit which the company will derive from the direction so far as it relates to the said period of twelve months.

(4) A company which is aggrieved by the refusal of the Commissioners to give a direction under the last foregoing subsection may, by notice in writing given to the Commissioners within thirty days from the date on which notice of the refusal is given to the company, require their application under that subsection to be heard and determined by the Special Commissioners, and the Special Commissioners shall hear and determine the application in like manner as an appeal made to them against an assessment to income tax under Schedule D.

1957

Finance Act, 1957

Ch. 49

477

All the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to such Part IV an appeal (including the provisions relating to the statement of —com. a case for the opinion of the High Court on a point of law) shall apply accordingly with any necessary modifications.

(5) An election made or direction given under the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply as respects all periods after the time as from which it has effect but the company may by notice having effect as from the sixth day of April in any year revoke the election or require the Commissioners to withdraw their direction; and any notice under the foregoing provisions of this section shall be given in the prescribed manner and within the prescribed time.

24.—(1) A company shall not qualify as an Overseas Trade Oversea* Corporation if the activities of the company in the United King- Trade dom are such as would, leaving out of account the central management and control of the trade carried on by the company, t^8 by themselves amount to the exercise of any trade for the purposes of sub-paragraph (iii) of paragraph (a) of head 1 of the charge to tax under Schedule D in section one hundred and twenty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (under which a person who is not resident in the United Kingdom is chargeable in respect of the profits or gains arising from a trade exercised by him within the United Kingdom):

Provided that a company carrying on a trade which consists of or comprises the production of commodities of a kind bought and sold by agents or brokers in a recognised market in the United Kingdom shall not be disqualified under this subsection by reason only that the company effects sales of such commodities through an agent or broker in that market if, by virtue of subsection (1) of section three hundred and seventy-three of the Income Tax Act, 1952, that agent or broker cannot be charged in respect of profits or gains arising to the company from those sales.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of this section, a company carrying on a trade which consists of or comprises the purchase of goods exported or to be exported from the United Kingdom for the purpose of marketing them outside the United Kingdom shall not qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation if—

(a) delivery of the goods so purchased is taken by the company in the United Kingdom otherwise than on board a ship or aircraft, being the ship or aircraft in which they are exported, or

(b) in a case where delivery of the goods is taken on board

a ship or aircraft in which the goods are exported, the seller does not bear the whole of the insurance.

478

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

commission and other charges and expenses incidental to the delivery of the goods on board, or

(c) the company provides any services in respect of, or (apart from paying the purchase price) incurs any charges for insuring, preserving, warehousing, transporting or otherwise dealing with, the goods while they are in the United Kingdom.

(3) A company shall not qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation—

(a) if the trade carried on by it consists of or comprises—

(i) the business of banking,

(ii) a business consisting wholly or mainly of the lending of money or of the provision of the capital or credit facilities required for entering into hire-purchase agreements with the public,

(iii) the business of dealing in securities,

(iv) insurance business, including business of any of the classes set out in section one of the Assurance Companies Act, 1909, or

(v) the business of shipping or the business of air transport, or the business of chartering ships or aircraft for use by others, or

(b) if the trade carried on by it is one where the trading

receipts wholly or mainly consist of payments which are either—

(i) payments for the services of individuals who are ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom, being services of a kind ordinarily performed by individuals in the course of a profession or vocation, or

(ii) payments in respect of, or of the copyright in, any literary, dramatic, musical or artistic work the author of which is ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom.

(4) A company shall not qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation if, in respect of the use of property, wherever situate, owned by or at the disposal of the company, some other person who is carrying on a trade wholly or partly within the United Kingdom makes payments to the company which fall to be allowed in computing the profits or gains or losses of the trade of that other person for the purposes of income tax:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to payments which constitute investment income of the company to which they are made and, if a company by notice in writing to the surveyor so elects, any payment in respect of the use of property which does not constitute investment income shall be treated for the purposes of this subsection and all the other provisions of

Part IV

—com.

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

479

this Part of this Act as if it did constitute investment income, part rv and any such income arising in the United Kingdom which —com. would, apart from this subsection, be chargeable under Case I of Schedule D shall be chargeable under Case VI of Schedule D as income of the year in which it is receivable.

In this subsection " property " includes rights, and references to the use of property include references to the exercise of rights.

(5) A company shall not qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation unless—

(a) the profits arising from the whole of the trade carried

on by the company are chargeable in a country or countries outside the United Kingdom to some tax similar in character to income tax or the profits tax in the United Kingdom, or

(b) assuming that in every country outside the United King-

dom a tax of a character and scope corresponding in all respects to income tax were charged on the profits arising from any trade exercised within the country by either a resident or a non-resident, the profits arising from the whole of the trade carried on by the company would be chargeable in one or more such countries to tax of that character.

(6) A company shall not qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation if it is carrying on a trade in the Republic of Ireland.

Income tax provisions

25.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, Exemption the Income Tax Acts shall apply in relation to any trade carried of trading on by an Overseas Trade Corporation as if it were being carried P0011* J[om on wholly outside the United Kingdom by a person not residentmoomc * in the United Kingdom and those Acts shall apply in relation to trading income arising to an Overseas Trade Corporation (but not in relation to investment income) as if it were income arising to a person not resident in the United Kingdom.

(2) Subject as aforesaid and without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of the foregoing subsection, the following consequences shall ensue from those provisions,—

(a) trading income arising to an Overseas Trade Corpora-

tion shall be excluded from the charge to income tax, and

(b) relief shall not be allowed against income tax charge-

able on investment income arising to an Overseas Trade Corporation under section three hundred and

480

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part iv forty-one of the Income Tax Act, 1952, or subsection

—cont. (3) of section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1953 (under

which relief may be given against a trader’s general income in respect of a trading loss or capital allowance), in respect of any loss sustained or expenditure incurred by the Corporation in carrying on its trade.

(3) The amount of tax which is authorised by section one hundred and eighty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1952, to be deducted from any dividend shall be determined without taking into account any reduction, by reason of the provisions of this Part of this Act, in the income tax payable by an Overseas Trade Corporation and, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to double taxation relief, any relief from, or repayment of, tax may be given or made accordingly.

(4) The Income Tax Acts shall apply in relation to an Overseas Trade Corporation subject to the further modifications specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

Dividends paid 26.—(1) When a dividend becomes due on shares in a com-

out of exempt pany which is or has been an Overseas Trade Corporation and the dividend is to be regarded as paid out of exempt trading £come ta.\ income, income tax shall, subject to the provisions of this Part

charge. of this Act relating to double taxation relief, be assessed and

charged on the company under Case VI of Schedule D for the year of assessment in which the dividend becomes due on an amount representing the net amount payable to the shareholders grossed up by reference to income tax at the standard rate for that year.

The date on which tax becomes payable under this subsection shall be one month after the assessment is signed and allowed instead of the date prescribed by section seventy-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

(2) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue that a person owning shares in a company which is an Overseas Trade Corporation and beneficially entitled to a dividend—

(a) which is to be regarded as paid out of exempt trading

income of the company, and

(b) which becomes due at a time when the company is an

Overseas Trade Corporation,

is not resident in the United Kingdom, he shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to double taxation relief, be entitled to repayment of income tax deducted from the dividend under section one hundred and eighty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and subsections (2) to (4) of section one hundred and ninety of that Act (which include provisions as to a

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

481

right of appeal on the question of residence) shall apply for the purposes of this subsection as they apply for the purposes of that section:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply where the person owning the shares in the Overseas Trade Corporation is a company which is a subsidiary of a principal company and that principal company is resident in the United Kingdom.

(3) Where a dividend on shares in a company which is an Overseas Trade Corporation is receivable by, and constitutes trading income of, another Overseas Trade Corporation, that other Overseas Trade Corporation shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to double taxation relief, be entitled to repayment of income tax deducted from the dividend under the said section one hundred and eighty-four and subsections (2) to (4) of the said section one hundred and ninety shall apply for the purposes of this subsection as they apply for the purposes of that section.

(4) Notwithstanding that income tax is payable under this section by a company no part of the exempt trading income of the company shall, on that account, constitute income of the company for income tax purposes and, in particular, no part thereof shall constitute profits or gains brought into charge to tax for the purposes of section one hundred and sixty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

(5) For the purpose of determining whether, and if so to what extent, a dividend is to be regarded as paid out of exempt trading income, the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall apply and where, in pursuance of those provisions, a dividend is to be regarded as paid partly out of exempt trading income and partly out of other income, subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall apply as if the two parts of the dividend were two separate dividends paid respectively out of exempt trading income and other income.

(6) Section one hundred and ninety-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which imposes obligations as to the information to be given on dividend warrants and similar documents), shall apply in relation to a dividend paid by an Overseas Trade Corporation subject to such modifications as may be prescribed.

27. The provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall have effect as respects the payment of income tax by companies which are or have been Overseas Trade Corporations in cases where exempt trading income is to be regarded as having been distributed and in certain other events.

Q

Part IV

—cont.

Income tax charge in respect of exempt trading income in other cases.

482

Part IV —cont.

Credit for foreign taxes.

Exemption of trading income from the profits tax.

Ch. 49 Finance A, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

28. —(1) Credit for taxes payable under the laws of a territory outside the United Kingdom shall be allowed to a company which is or has been an Overseas Trade Corporation in pursuance of Part XIII of the Income Tax Act, 1952, against income tax chargeable under the provisions of this Part of this Act for any year of assessment by reference to an amount of exempt trading income if and to the extent that—

(a) assuming that income tax had been charged on that exempt trading income; and

(b) assuming that the rate at which income tax was so charged was the standard rate for the said year of assessment,

credit would be allowed in pursuance of the said Part XIII against income tax so charged.

(2) Where the exempt trading income by reference to which income tax is chargeable under the provisions of this Part of this Act on an Overseas Trade Corporation includes any part of a dividend or other payment from another Overseas Trade Corporation, any foreign tax borne by that other Overseas Trade Corporation on the exempt trading income applied in paying or making the dividend or other payment shall be taken into account for the purposes of this section in relation to income tax so chargeable.

(3) The method of ascertaining the amount of credit to be allowed in pursuance of the provisions of this section shall be such as may be prescribed.

(4) Where credit is allowed by virtue of this section against income tax chargeable on an occasion when—

(a) a dividend becomes due on shares in a company, or

(b) a grant or loan is made by a company, being a grant

or loan to which paragraph 1 or paragraph 2 of the Sixth Schedule to this Act applies,

no relief or repayment in respect of income tax deducted or deemed to be deducted from the dividend or other payment shall be allowed at a rate exceeding the rate of the United Kingdom income tax payable after allowance of the credit and subsection (2) of section three hundred and fifty of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to annual payments made out of dividends affected by double taxation relief), shall apply in relation to the dividend as if that rate of income tax were the net United Kingdom rate.

Profits tax provisions

29. —(1) Trading income shall be excluded from the charge to the profits tax on the profits from any trade or business carried on by an Overseas Trade Corporation and, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, trading income so excluded shall be left

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

483

out of account for all the other purposes of the enactments relating to the profits tax.

(2) So much of a dividend as is under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act to be regarded as paid out of exempt trading income shall not constitute franked investment income within the meaning of paragraph 7 of the Fourth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1937 (which excludes from the charge to the profits tax dividends from a body corporate whose profits are charged to that tax), in the hands of the person to whom the dividend is paid or in the hands of any other person receiving that dividend indirectly by way of dividend or distribution of profits from a body corporate and, accordingly, paragraphs (a) and (b) of sub-paragraph (1) of the said paragraph 7 shall not apply in relation to that part of such a dividend.

(3) Where in computing for the purposes of the profits tax the profits from a trade or business carried on by any person there is to be included a dividend or a part of a dividend which is to be so regarded as paid out of exempt trading income, then for the purposes of Part XIII of the Income Tax Act, 1952, as it applies for the allowance of credit against the profits tax such part, if any, of the taxes falling to be taken into account under the last foregoing section in the allowance of credit against income tax chargeable by reference to that exempt trading income as remains after the allowance of credit against that income tax shall be deemed to have been paid by that person in respect of profits of which the dividend, or the part of the dividend, represents the amount remaining after payment of the said part of the taxes.

(4) The enactments relating to the profits tax shall apply in relation to companies which are or have been Overseas Trade Corporations subject to the further modifications specified in the Seventh Schedule to this Act.

Miscellaneous

30.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the status of an Overseas Trade Corporation shall be determined annually for each year beginning with the sixth day of April in one calendar year and ending with the fifth day of April in the next calendar year and—

(a) a company which remains in existence and resident in

the United Kingdom throughout any such year shall qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation for that year if, and only if, it has the necessary qualifications throughout that year,

(b) a company which is formed or wound up in the course

of any such year and which is resident in the United Kingdom throughout such part of the year as it is in

Q2

Part IV

—cont.

Annual determination of status, and

provisions on changes of status.

484

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 ELiz. 2

Part IV

—cont.

existence shall qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation for the year if, and only if, it has the necessary qualifications during the said part of the year, and

(c) a company which becomes, or ceases to be, a company resident in the United Kingdom in the course of any such year shall qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation for the part of the year during which it is a company resident in the United Kingdom, if, and only it it has the necessary qualifications throughout that period and in the remainder of the year it does not carry on any activities in the United Kingdom and no other company which is its subsidiary is carrying on any such activities:

Provided that a company shall qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation for any such year if it only fails to comply with the requirements specified in any of the foregoing paragraphs because it, or a company which is its subsidiary company, has only recently been formed, or is about to be or is being wound up, and, consequently, is not carrying on a trade outside the United Kingdom.

(2) If it appears to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue that a company would have the necessary qualifications so as to qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation for a period but for some event over which the company had no control or some act done by the company inadvertently and that no material advantage was obtained by the company from that event or from its act, then for the purposes of this section that event or act shall, if the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in their discretion so direct, be disregarded.

(3) Where a company which has not qualified as an Overseas Trade Corporation in the period of twelve months beginning with the sixth day of April in any year, but which has so qualified in a previous period, only failed so to qualify in the said period of twelve months because of transactions carried out by it in that period which were, having regard to the activities of the company as a whole, of a minor nature, and relief would, apart from this subsection, be allowable under the Income Tax Acts in respect of a loss sustained by the company in the said period of twelve months in carrying on a trade, or in respect of capital allowances falling to be made in charging the profits or gains of such a trade for the year of assessment comprised in the said period of twelve months, against income tax charged on income of the company which, if it qualified as an Overseas Trade Corporation, would be investment income, then if it appears to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue that the sole or main benefit which the company would derive from not so qualifying in the said period of twelve months would be the allowance of that

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

485

relief, together with any corresponding reduction of the liability Part IV of the company to the profits tax, they may direct that no such —conu relief shall be given and that the loss or the capital allowances in respect of which it would have been given shall be left out of account for all the purposes of the Income Tax Acts and of the enactments relating to the profits tax.

(4) A company which is aggrieved by the refusal of the said Commissioners to give a direction under subsection (2) of this section or by their giving a direction under subsection (3) of this section may, by notice in writing to that effect given to the Commissioners within thirty days from the date on which notice is given to the company of the refusal or, as the case may be, of the direction, require the question whether a direction ought to be given to be heard and determined by the Special Commissioners, and the Special Commissioners shall hear and determine the question in like manner as an appeal made to them against an assessment to income tax under Schedule D.

All the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to such an appeal (including the provisions relating to the statement of a case for the opinion of the High Court on a point of law) shall apply accordingly with any necessary modifications.

(5) In this section references to the necessary qualifications which a company must have in order to become an Overseas Trade Corporation are references to all the relevant requirements of this Part of this Act whether expressed as qualifications or disqualifications.

(6) The Eighth Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the income tax consequences where a company becomes or ceases to be an Overseas Trade Corporation.

31.—(1) Subsection (1) of section four hundred and sixty-nine Adjustment of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (under which an unduly low price °^r,ce.on on a sale to a trader outside the United Kingdom may be adjusted between an* in computing the profits of the seller if the seller and buyer Overseas Trade are associated persons) shall have effect in relation to a sale of Corporation property to an Overseas Trade Corporation with the omission— P^j8011

(a) of paragraph (a) of that subsection (which limits its the United

operation to a case where the seller and buyer are Kingdom.

associated persons); and

(b) of the proviso (which limits its operation to a case where

the buyer is outside the United Kingdom),

and accordingly the said subsection shall have effect in relation to any sale of property to an Overseas Trade Corporation at a price which is less than the price which the property might have been expected to fetch if the parties to the transaction were independent persons dealing at arm's length.

486

Ch. 49

Finance Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—com.

Transfer of part of trade to Overseas Trade Corporation.

(2) Subsection (2) of the said section four hundred and sixty-nine (which makes converse provision for an unduly high price on a sale by a person outside the United Kingdom) shall have effect in relation to a sale of property by an Overseas Trade Corporation with the omission of paragraph (a) and the proviso (which correspond to paragraph (a) and the proviso in the said subsection (D), and accordingly the said subsection shall have effect in relation to any sale of property by an Overseas Trade Corporation at a price which is higher than the price which it might have been expected to fetch if the parties to the transaction were independent persons dealing at arm’s length.

(3) Subsection (6) of the said section four hundred and sixty-nine (which extends the section to transactions other than sales) shall apply for the construction of this section.

32.—(1) This section shall have effect where—

(a) the person carrying on a trade holds either directly or through a company or companies, or partly directly and partly through a company or companies not less than ninety-five per cent, of the shares in an Overseas Trade Corporation and part of the trade is transferred to the Overseas Trade Corporation, or

(b) the person carrying on a trade is a company and, as

part of a scheme of reconstruction, part of the trade is transferred to an Overseas Trade Corporation and, as part of that scheme, a third company comes to hold either directly or through a company or companies, or partly directly and partly through a company or companies, not less than ninety-five per cent, of the shares in the first-mentioned company and in the Overseas Trade Corporation.

(2) Where the profits or gains by reference to which the person making the transfer is assessed and charged to income tax under Case I of Schedule D for a year of assessment falling wholly after the date when the part of the trade is transferred are profits or gains arising in a period falling wholly or partly before the said date—

(a) the person carrying on the trade shall be so assessed

and charged for the said year of assessment on the profits or gains of that part of the trade which is not so transferred as if it were a separate trade, and without regard to the profits or gains or losses arising as respects the part of the trade which is so transferred, being profits or gains arising in that period; and

(b) no capital allowance or balancing charge shall fall to be

made for the said year of assessment under Part X or Part XI of the Income Tax Act, 1952, in respect

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

487

of any asset provided or used for the purpose of the part of the trade which is so transferred.

For the purposes of ascertaining the said profits or gains there shall be made such apportionments as may be just of any profits or gains or losses.

(3) In the case of a year of assessment which falls partly before and partly after die date when part of the trade is so transferred—

(a) the profits or gains of the period by reference to which

the person carrying on the trade is so assessed to income tax for that year of assessment shall be computed both as in the case where that year of assessment fell wholly before the said date and as in a case where it fell wholly after that date, and the profits or gains brought into charge to tax shall be a proportion of the profits or gains computed in the one way, together with a proportion thereof computed in the other way, according to the respective proportions of the parts of the year of assessment falling before and after the said date; and

(b) the amount of any capital allowance or any balancing

charge which would, apart from the provisions of this subsection, fall to be made for the said year of assessment under Part X or Part XI of the Income Tax Act 1952, in respect of an asset provided or used for the purpose of the part of the trade which is so transferred shall be apportioned to the said respective parts of the year of assessment on a time basis and only so much of the amount as is apportioned to the part of the year of assessment falling before the said date shall be 90 made.

(4) A sale or transfer of any asset to the Overseas Trade Corporation carried out in transferring the part of the trade to the Corporation shall not be treated as giving rise to any capital allowance or balancing charge under Part X or Part XI of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and where the asset is one in respect of which the expenditure was incurred not later than the ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, shall not constitute an event which, under paragraph (a) of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1954, will result in the person who makes the transfer ceasing to be entitled to an investment allowance.

(5) In determining for the purposes of this section whether a person holds not less than ninety-five per cent, of the shares m a company, the provisions of Part I of the Fourth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1938, shall apply, taking references to

Part IV

—cont.

488

Ch. 49

Finance Act, 1957

5 & 6 ELiz. 2

Part IV ordinary share capital as including references to other kinds of —cont. share capital, and, where the share capital consists of more than one class of share, this section shall apply only if that person holds not less than ninety-five per cent, of the shares of each class.

Surtax on 33,—(1) Section twenty-five of this Act shall not affect the

undistributed provisions of Chapter III of Part IX of the Income Tax Act, Snsecf tial *^2 (which contains provisions for preventing the avoidance of charge aT the payment of surtax through the withholding from distribution standard rate, of the income of a company), and in making any determination under section two hundred and forty-five of that Act (which authorises the Special Commissioners to direct that for the purposes of surtax the income of a company shall be deemed to be the income of the members if the Special Commissioners determine that it has not distributed a reasonable part of its income) no regard shall be had to any considerations arising out of such of the provisions of this Part of this Act as make it more advantageous for an Overseas Trade Corporation not to distribute its profits.

(2) Where a direction is given under the said section two hundred and forty-five with respect to the income of an Overseas Trade Corporation—

(a) income tax under Case VI of Schedule D for the year

of assessment in which the period specified in the direction ends shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act as respects double taxation relief, be assessed and charged on the Overseas Trade Corporation on an amount equal to the amount of exempt trading income which arose to the Corporation in the said period after deduction of so much of any relevant distribution, being a distribution the date of which falls before the date on which the apportionment is made by the Special Commissioners under section two hundred and forty-eight of the Income Tax Act, 1952, as is under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act to be regarded as made out of exempt trading income arising in that period, and

(b) income tax shall not be charged under this Part of this

Act in respect of any relevant distribution the date of which falls on or after the said date on which the apportionment is so made so far as it is to be so regarded as paid out of exempt trading income arising in that period.

For the purposes of this subsection the amount of exempt trading income arising in any period shall be ascertained on

1957 Finance Act, 1957 Ch. 49

income tax principles in such manner as may be prescribed and—

(i) where income tax has been charged under this section

by reference to the amount of exempt trading income so ascertained as respects any period, that amount shall thereafter be taken for the purposes of Part I of the Fifth Schedule to this Act as being the amount of exempt trading income arising in that period, and

(ii) where the period specified in a direction under the said

section two hundred and forty-five is a year of assessment or other period which is not an accounting period, the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall have effect subject to such modifications as may be prescribed.

In this subsection the expressions " relevant distribution " and * date of distribution " have the same meanings as in the Fifth Schedule to this Act.

(3) Where the period specified in the notice under the said section two hundred and forty-five falls partly before and partly after the date when the company to which it relates becomes or ceases to be an Overseas Trade Corporation, subsection (2) of this section shall apply as if the two parts of the period were separate periods.

34.—(1) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may by Power to make statutory instrument make regulations with respect to the regulations, procedure for giving effect to this Part of this Act, and, in particular—

(a) for the making and allowance of assessments on a provisional basis, and for collecting tax due on assessments so made and for subsequent adjustments where an overpayment of tax has been made,

(b) for applying the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to appeals,

(c) for imposing duties with respect to the furnishing of

information and to the production of accounts and other documents, and

() for prescribing anything which is to be prescribed under this Part of this Act.

(2) If any person fails to comply with any provision of the regulations requiring him to furnish any information or to produce any document he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds and, after judgment has been given for that penalty, to a further penalty of a like amount for every day during which the failure continues.

Q*

489

Part IV

—cont.

490

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV (3) A statutory instrument containing regulations made under —cont. this section shaft be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the House of Commons.

Definition of 35.—(l) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the in-

come arising to an Overseas Trade Corporation shall be income. divided into two categories, namely—

(a) trading income which, subject to the provisions of this

section, shall comprise the income arising to the Overseas Trade Corporation from any trade carried on by it. and

(b) investment income which, subject to the provisions of

this section, shall comprise the income arising to the Overseas Trade Corporation from securities or other investments and any other income which does not fall to be included in its trading income.

(2) There shall be excluded from trading income—

(a) any income arising from any description of property except to the extent that it arises from property which is directly employed for the purposes of a trade carried on by the Overseas Trade Corporation; and

(b) any income arising from the lending of money without

security.

(3) Where the Overseas Trade Corporation receives from another company which is also an Overseas Trade Corporation a dividend on shares in that other Overseas Trade Corporation or a grant or loan in a case where under paragraph 1 or paragraph 2 of the Sixth Schedule to this Act the recipient is to be deemed for the purposes of Income Tax Acts to have received a payment equal to so much of the grant or loan as is under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act to be regarded as paid out of exempt trading income, and—

(a) either Overseas Trade Corporation is a subsidiary com-

pany of the other Overseas Trade Corporation, or

(b) both Corporations are subsidiary companies of the same

principal company which is also an Overseas Trade Corporation,

the dividend, grant or loan shall, so far as it is to be regarded as paid out of exempt trading income, constitute trading income of the recipient.

Interpretation 36.—(1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context other-

of Part IV. wise requires—

" capital allowances " means allowances made under Part X or Part XI of the Income Tax Act, 1952, except that

1957

Finance Aely 1957

Ch. 49

491

it does not include an allowance given by way of deduo tion in computing profits or gains or losses;

" company " includes any body corporate;

" dividend " means any distribution made by a company to its members out of its trading profits or other income;

" hire purchase agreement " has the same meaning as in the Hire Purchase Act, 1938;

" securities " includes shares, bonds, debentures and debenture stock;

" share " includes " stock

" trade " has the same meaning as in the Income Tax Act, 1952.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, and except where the context otherwise requires, a company shall be deemed to be a subsidiary of another company if and so long as more than one half of its ordinary share capital is owned by that other company, whether directly or through another company or other companies, or partly directly and partly through another company or other companies, and references to a principal company shall be construed as references to a company of which another company is a subsidiary; and the provisions of this subsection shall be construed in accordance with subsections (2) and (3) of section forty-two of the Finance Act, 1938 (which specify the rules for determining the amount of ordinary share capital in one body corporate held by another body corporate and define ownership and ordinary share capital).

(3) References in this Part of this Act to an amount grossed up by reference to income tax at the standard rate for a year of assessment are references to an amount increased in such proportion that the amount before the increase is arrived at by deducting tax at the said standard rate from the amount as so increased.

37.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall come into force so as to permit a company to qualify as an Overseas Trade Corporation for the year beginning with the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, but not for any earlier period, and all adjustments required to be made by way of assessment to income tax or the profits tax, or by way of repayment of tax, in order to give effect to the provisions of this Part of this Act may be so made as well for years of assessment before 1957-58 and chargeable accounting periods falling wholly or partly before the passing of this Act as for subsequent years of assessment and subsequent chargeable accounting periods.

Q * 2

Part IV

—cont.

Commencement of Part IV.

492

Ch. 49

Finance Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—corn.

Gifts inter vivos.

(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of section thirty of this Act, a company may become an Overseas Trade Corporation at a date after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, and before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, and paragraphs (a), ( and (c) of subsection (1) of that section shall apply in relation to the company with the substitution for references to the full year of references to the period beginning with that date and ending with the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight.

(3) Where a company becomes an Overseas Trade Corporation by virtue of the last foregoing subsection on a date which is not the beginning of the year of assessment for income tax purposes—

ia) the company shall be charged to tax under Case I of Schedule D for the year 1957-58 by reference to so much of the profits or gains on which it would be so charged if it had not become an Overseas Trade Corporation as is proportionate, on a time basis, to the part of that year before it became an Overseas Trade Corporation, and

(b) any loss sustained by the company in the said year of

assessment (computed according to the provisions of the Income Tax Acts) shall be apportioned in like manner and only so much thereof as is apportioned to the earlier part of the year shall be allowed as a loss, and

(c) a corresponding proportion of any capital allowances or

balancing charges which would have been made under Part X or Part XI of the Income Tax Act, 1952, for that year of assessment if the company had not become an Overseas Trade Corporation shall be so made.

Part V

Estate Duty

38.—(1) Where property comprised in a gift inter vivos (being neither property setded by the gift, nor a sum of money in sterling or any other currency) is deemed for purposes of estate duty to pass on the death of the donor, and at some time before the death the donee has ceased to have the possession and enjoyment of any of the property so comprised, then subject to the provisions of this section the enactments relating to estate

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

493

duty in respect of gifts inter vivos (including this section) shall apply as if the property, if any, received by the donee in substitution for that property had been comprised in the gift instead of that property (but in addition to any other property so comprised).

(2) In the foregoing subsection, the reference to property received by the donee in substitution for property comprised in the gift includes in particular—

(a) in relation to property sold, exchanged or otherwise

disposed of by the donee, any benefit received by the donee by way of consideration for the sale, exchange or other disposition; and

(b) in relation to a debt or security, any benefit received by the donee in or towards the satisfaction or redemption thereof; and

(c) in relation to any right to acquire property, any property

acquired in pursuance of that right.

(3) Where at a time before the death of the donor the donee makes a gift of property comprised in the gift to him, or otherwise voluntarily divests himself of any such property otherwise than for a consideration in money or money's worth not less than the principal value of the property at that time, then unless he does so in favour of the donor he shall be treated for the purpose of subsection (1) of this section as continuing to have the possession and enjoyment of that property, and the principal value aforesaid shall be taken as the principal value of that property as property comprised in the gift; but for this purpose a disposition made by the donee by agreement shall not be deemed to be made voluntarily, if it is made to any authority who, when the agreement is made, are authorised by, or are or can be authorised under, any enactment to acquire the property compulsorily.

A donee shall be treated for the purposes of this subsection as divesting himself, voluntarily and without consideration, of any interest in property which merges or is extinguished in another interest held or acquired by him in the same property.

(4) Where any shares in or debentures of a body corporate are comprised in a gift inter vivos and the donee is, as the holder of those shares or debentures, issued with shares in or debentures of the same or any other body corporate, or granted any right to acquire any such shares or debentures, then, unless the issue or grant is made by way of exchange for the first mentioned shares or debentures, the shares or debentures so issued, or the right granted, shall be treated for the purposes of the enactments

Part V

—cont.

494

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part V relating to estate duty in respect of gifts inter vivos (including this

— cont. section) as having been comprised in the gift in addition to any

other property so comprised.

In this subsection the reference to an issue being made or right being granted to the donee as the holder of shares or debentures shall be taken to include any case in which an issue or grant is made to him as having been the holder of those shares or debentures, or is made to him in pursuance of an offer or invitation made to him as being or having been the holder of those shares or debentures, or of an offer or invitation in connection with which any preference is given to him as being or having been the holder thereof.

(5) Where either paragraph (c) of subsection (2) or subsection (4) of this section applies to determine, for purposes of estate duty on a death, the property comprised in a gift inter vivos made by the deceased, the value of any consideration in money or money’s worth given by the donee for the acquisition in pursuance of the right referred to in the said paragraph (c), or for the issue or grant referred to in the said subsection (4), as the case may be, shall be allowed as a deduction in valuing the property comprised in the gift as property deemed to pass on the death by virtue of the gift; but if any part (not being a sum of money) of the said consideration consists of property comprised in the same or another gift from the donor and deemed for purposes of estate duty to pass on his death, no deduction shall be made in respect of it under this subsection.

(6) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection there shall be left out of account so much (if any) of the consideration for any shares in or debentures of a body corporate, or for the grant of any right to be issued with any such shares or debentures, as consists in the capitalisation of reserves of that body corporate, or in the retention by that body corporate, by way of set-off or otherwise, of any property distributable by it, or is otherwise provided directly or indirectly out of the assets or at the expense of that or any associated body corporate; and for this purpose two bodies corporate shall be deemed to be associated if one has a controlling interest in the other, or if some person has a controlling interest in both.

(7) In the case of a donee who dies before the donor, the foregoing subsections shall apply as if he had not died, and as if the acts of his personal representatives were his acts, and property taken by any person under his testamentary dispositions or on his intestacy (or partial intestacy) were taken under a gift made by him at the time of his death.

(8) Where property comprised in a gift inter vivos is deemed for purposes of estate duty to pass on the death of the donor, and that property was settled by the gift, the foregoing

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

495

provisions of this section shall not apply but, subject to the following provisions thereof, the enactments relating to estate duty in respect of gifts inter vivos shall apply as if the property comprised in the gift had consisted of the property comprised in the settlement at the time of the donor’s death, except in so far as that property neither is, nor represents, nor is derived from, property originally comprised in the gift:

Provided that if the settlement comes to an end at some time before the death of the donor as respects all or any of the property which on the death of the donor immediately before that time would be treated as comprised in the gift, the property in question, other than property to which the donor then becomes absolutely and beneficially entitled in possession, and any consideration (not consisting of rights under the settlement) given by the donor for any of the property to which he so becomes entitled shall be treated as comprised in the gift (in addition to any other property so comprised) and as being of a principal value, as property so comprised, equal to its principal value at that time.

(9) Where property comprised in a gift inter vivos is not settled by that gift, but is before the death of the donor settled by the donee, the foregoing subsections shall apply in relation to property comprised in the settlement as if the settlement had been made by the gift; and for this purpose property which becomes settled property under any testamentary disposition of the donee or on his intestacy (or partial intestacy) shall be treated as settled by him.

(10) For purposes of aggregation, any property which is by virtue of any of the foregoing provisions of this section to be treated as comprised in a gift inter vivos made by the deceased shall be deemed to be property in which the deceased had an interest, except in so far as it directly or indirectly represents or is derived from property originally comprised in the gift in which the deceased never had an interest.

(11) Where estate duty is chargeable on any property as property comprised in gifts inter vivos made by the deceased, but in the case of any donee the gifts to him or some of them would be exempted by virtue of section thirty-three of the Finance Act 1949, but for the aggregate value or amount of the gifts to him exceeding five hundred pounds, then the duty chargeable on such of the gifts to him as would have been so exempted shall not be greater than the sum by which that aggregate value or amount exceeds five hundred pounds; but no reduction under this subsection of the duty chargeable on any property shall affect any reduction of the duty on other property under subsection (3) of section sixteen of the Finance Act, 1894, (as amended by

Part V

—cont.

496

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part v section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1954) or under section —cont. thirteen of the Finance Act, 1914.

(12) Where any property is deemed to pass on a death by virtue of section forty-three of the Finance Act, 1940, by reason of a disposition or determination of an interest limited to cease on the death within the meaning of that section, then for the purposes of duty chargeable on the death—

(a) the property in which the interest subsisted shall be

taken to be the property comprised at the time of the death in the settlement under which the interest subsisted, except in so far as that property neither is, nor represents, nor is derived from, property in which the interest subsisted immediately before the disposition or determination; and

(b) for purposes of aggregation the deceased shall be

deemed to have had an interest in the property passing by reason of the disposition or determination, if he at any time had an interest under the said settlement or if the settlement was made by him or made, directly or indirectly, at his expense or out of funds provided by him:

Provided that if the settlement comes to an end at some time before the death of the deceased as respects all or any of the property which on his death immediately before that time would be treated as property in which the interest subsisted, the property in question, other than property to which the deceased then becomes absolutely and beneficially entitled in possession, and any consideration (not consisting of rights under the settlement) given by the deceased for any of the property to which he so becomes entitled shall be treated as comprised in the property in which the interest subsisted (in addition to any other property so comprised) and as being of a principal value, as property so comprised, equal to its principal value at that time.

(13) For the purposes of estate duty on any death, any question whether, in the case either—

(a) of any property comprised in a gift inter vivos; or

(b) of any property in which there subsisted an interest

limited to cease on the death within the meaning of the said section forty-three;

possession and enjoyment of that property was at a particular time assumed or had by any person to the exclusion of any other person shall (so far as the question depends on the identity of the property) be determined by reference to the property

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

497

which would for the time being be treated, in relation to the death if it occurred at that time, as property comprised in the gift or property in which the interest subsisted, as the case may be.

(14) Where under any trust or power relating to settled property income arising from that property is accumulated, the accumulations shall not be treated for the purposes of subsection

(8) or (12) of this section as derived from that property.

(15) For the purpose of this section the principal value of any property at a time before the death of the deceased shall be ascertained as it would be for purposes of estate duty chargeable on his death if he had died immediately before that time; and any property which for the purposes of estate duty on a death foils by virtue of any provision of this section to be valued as at a time before that death shall, for the purposes of subsection

(10) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1894 (which provides that the same property shall not be twice aggregated or twice charged on the same death), be treated as distinct from the same property falling to be valued as at some other time for purposes of duty on the same death.

(16) Any reference in this section to property comprised in a gift being deemed to pass on a death shall be construed as referring to the conditions under which property so comprised is to be deemed to pass on the death being satisfied, apart from questions as to the identity or existence of the property at the death; and any reference to property being deemed to pass on a death by virtue of section forty-three of the Finance Act, 1940, shall be similarly construed.

(17) This section shall have effect only in the case of a death occurring after it comes into force; but on a death so occurring it shall apply in relation to gifts made and dispositions or determinations effected or suffered at any time, except as provided by the following subsection.

(18) This section, except subsection (11), shall not apply to a gift made, or a disposition or determination effected or suffered, before the tenth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, where—

(a) if the deceased had died at the end of that month and this section had been expressed to apply to a death at that time, duty would by virtue of this section have been chargeable by reason of the gift, or of the disposition or determination, on property not chargeable in accordance with the law then in force, or on a value determined as at a date earlier than under the law then in force; and

Part V

—cont.

498

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part V

—cont.

Widows’ annuities under retirement schemes, etc.

Profits tax

(interest

payments

of certain

Electricity

Boards).

(b) within twelve months of the death of the deceased or such longer period as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may allow, the persons accountable for the duty chargeable by virtue of this section (or such of them as appear to the Commissioners to be materially interested) elect that it shall not apply to the gift or to the disposition or determination, and give notice in writing of their election to those Commissioners.

39. —(1) Section thirty-five of the Finance Act, 1956 (which makes provision as to the aggregation for purposes of estate duty of annuities becoming payable on the death to a widow, widower, or other dependant under an annuity contract approved under section twenty-two of that Act), shall apply to an annuity becoming payable under a trust scheme approved under section twenty-two of the Act as it applies to an annuity under a contract so approved.

(2) Where under a contract or trust scheme so approved there becomes payable on a person's death an annuity to which the said section thirty-five applies, and under the terms of the contract or scheme a sum of money might, at that person's option, have become payable instead to his personal representatives, that sum of money shall not be treated as passing on his death as property of which he was competent to dispose.

Part VI

Miscellaneous

40. —(1) Payments of interest made by the South of Scotland Electricity Board—

(a) on any sum treated as a loan to the Board under sub-

section (3) of section seven of the Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954; or

(b) on any borrowings of the Board (whether by the issue

of stock or not) which directly or indirectly replace that sum or any part of it;

shall not be allowed to be deducted in computing the Board's profits for the purposes of the profits tax:

Provided that there shall be excluded from paragraph (a) of this subsection such part of the sum there mentioned as in the opinion of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue corresponds to British Electricity Stock, the interest on which was, immediately before the end of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, deductible in computing the Central Electricity Authority's profits for the purposes of the profits tax, and there shall be excluded from paragraph (b) of this subsection any borrowings which in the opinion of those Commissioners replace any such part of the said sum.

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

499

(2) Subsection (3) of section forty of the Finance Act, 1947 (which makes provision similar to the foregoing subsection of this section in relation, among other things, to interest on compensation stock issued by the Central Electricity Authority and on stock replacing it), shall not, as respects interest accruing due after the end of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, apply in relation to British Electricity Stock which for the purpose of ascertaining the sum mentioned in paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection is treated as attributable to the South of Scotland District, or in relation to stock which directly or indirectly replaces any stock so treated.

(3) This section shall be construed as one with the enactments relating to the profits tax, and shall be deemed always to have had effect.

41. Not later than three months after the passing of this Act the sums standing to the credit of the National Land Fund shall, by cancelling investments of that Fund in debt charged on the Consolidated Fund, be reduced to a total amount of ten million pounds (computed, in the case of any such investments, by reference to nominal amount).

42. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1957.

(2) Parts I to V of this Act shall be construed as one with the enactments mentioned in this subsection respectively, that is to say—

(a) Part I with the Customs and Excise Act, 1952;

(b) Part II with Part V of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940;

(c) Part III and, except in so far as it does not relate to

income tax. Part IV with the Income Tax Acts;

(d) Part IV, so far as it relates to the profits tax, with Part III of the Finance Act, 1937, and the other enactments relating to the profits tax;

(e) Part V with Part I of the Finance Act, 1894.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall, except so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or applied by or under any other enactment including this Act.

(4) Such of the provisions of this Act as relate to matters in respect of which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(5) The enactments specified in the Ninth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that the repeals effected by any Part of that Schedule shall be subject to the savings (if any) provided for at the end of that Part

Part VI

—cont.

Reduction of National Land Fund.

Short title, construction, extent and repeal.

500

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 1.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Exemptions from Entertainments Duty Part I

Qualifications for Exemption

Educational entertainments

1. An entertainment shall qualify for exemption from entertainments duty if it is wholly educational.

2. An entertainment shall qualify for exemption from entertainments duty if it is provided by a non-profit-making body established and conducted for partly educational purposes.

Charitable entertainments

3. An entertainment shall qualify for exemption from entertainments duty if it is provided by a non-profit-making body of a permanent character established and conducted wholly for charitable purposes consisting in the provision of entertainments.

4. An entertainment shall qualify for exemption from entertainments duty if the net takings are wholly devoted to philanthropic or charitable purposes and either—

(a) the expenses do not amount to more than one half of the gross takings; or

(b) the entertainment is provided—

(i) by a body of a permanent character established and conducted wholly or partly for philanthropic or charitable purposes and not regularly engaged in providing entertainments by way of business; or

(ii) by a miners’ welfare institute established and conducted for the purpose of social welfare activities within the meaning of the Miners* Welfare Act, 1952;

and the expenses added to the duty chargeable apart from the exemption are less than the gross takings by at least one-twentieth of the latter.

For the purposes of this paragraph * expenses " means the expenses incurred in connection with the entertainment by the person providing it, whether in respect of the production of the entertainment or any other matter, (but not including the duty which is in question nor any sums required under section one of the Sunday Entertainments Act, 1932, to be paid to any person for the purpose of being applied to charitable objects nor any part of the expenses so incurred which is met otherwise than out of the gross takings): * gross takings " means the sums received by that person in connection with the entertainment, whether payments for admission, for programmes, refreshments or the like, for rights of reproduction or for any other matter, (but not including any donation made towards defraying the costs of the entertainment): and "net takings’* means the gross takings so far as not used to meet expenses.

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

501

Indoor entertainments in rural areas

5. Any entertainment shall qualify for exemption from entertainments duty if it is given in a borough, urban district or rural parish within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1933 (or, in Scotland, a small burgh within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, landward parish or landward part of a parish partly landward and partly burghal) with a population of not more than three thousand or (if it is more than three thousand) not more than six hundred and forty to the square mile, except—

(a) entertainments given elsewhere than in a building attached to permanent foundations; and

(b) entertainments at which seating accommodation is provided for more than four hundred people.

For the purposes of this paragraph, the population of any area shall be taken according to the last published census as it would be taken for the purposes of the said Act of 1933 or 1947, as the case may be, unless since the date of that census there has been a movement of population into or out of the area on such a scale as substantially to alter the character of the area as a whole.

Part n

Supplementary Provisions as to Exemptions Interpretation of provisions conferring exemption

6. For the purposes of any exemption from entertainments duty, 44 non-profit-making body " means a body of persons (whether incorporated or not) which is not established or conducted for profit.

7. Where the conditions on which an entertainment qualifies for exemption include any condition relating to the person providing the entertainment, then, for an entertainment to qualify which is provided by two or more persons in combination, the condition must be satisfied in relation to each of those persons.

Procedure for obtaining and giving effect to exemption

8. Except as otherwise provided, exemption from duty shall not be allowed in respect of any entertainment unless, before the entertainment is given, it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the entertainment qualifies for exemption; but where exemption is allowed after the entertainment is given, effect shall be given to it by repayment of duty.

9. Exemption from duty may be allowed after the entertainment is given in any case where the Commissioners are satisfied that there is sufficient reason for the delay in making or establishing the claim for exemption.

10. A claim for exemption under paragraph 4 of this Schedule may be made either before or after the entertainment is given; and where the claim is made beforehand, the Commissioners may allow the exemption if in their opinion the entertainment will qualify for it according to the probable amounts of the gross takings and expenses, or may postpone a decision on the claim until those amounts ore ascertained.

1st Sch. —cont.

502

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sea. —€0*11.

Section 5.

11. If on a claim for exemption under paragraph 1 of this Schedule there is any dispute whether the entertainment is wholly educational, that question shall be decided by the Minister of Education or, in the case of entertainments in Scotland, by the Secretary of State for Scotland.

SECOND SCHEDULE Duties and Drawbacks on Composite Goods

1.—(1) Where under subsection (1) of section two hundred and fifty-nine of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952, (which section is referred to below as " the principal section ") goods erf any class or description are chargeable with a duty of customs in respect of any article contained in the goods as a part or ingredient of them, and it appears to the Treasury on the recommendation of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise that to charge the duty according to the quantity of the article used in the manufacture or preparation of the goods (as provided by the principal section) is inconvenient and of no material advantage to the revenue or to importers of goods of that class or description, then the Treasury may by order direct that in the case of goods of that class or description the duty chargeable shall be calculated in such of the following ways as may be provided by the order, that is to say, either—

(a) at a rate specified in the order by reference to the weight, quantity or value of the goods; or

(b) by reference to a quantity so specified of the article, and (where material) on the basis that the article is of such value, type or quality as may be so specified:

Provided that—

(i) if it appears that, in the case of goods of any class or

description, the net amounts payable in the absence of any direction under this paragraph are insignificant, the order may direct that any such goods shall be treated for the purpose of the duty as not containing that article; and

(ii) if it appears that goods of any class or description are substantially of the same nature and use as if they consisted wholly of the article, the order may direct that any such goods shall be treated for the purpose of the duty as consisting wholly of that article.

(2) in making an order under this paragraph in the case of any class or description of goods, the Treasury shall have regard to the quantity and (where material) the type or quality of the article in question appearing to them, on the advice of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise, to be ordinarily used in the manufacture or preparation of Roods of that class or description which are imported into the United Kingdom; and for the purposes of this paragraph where articles of a like nature or use are chargeable with distinct duties, the Treasury may treat those articles as different types of the same article and the duties as different heads of the same duty.

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

503

(3) The power under paragraph (a) of subparagraph (1) of this paragraph to direct duty to be calculated at a specified rate shall include power to specify different rates for chargeable goods consigned from or grown, produced or manufactured in different countries or territories, according to the conditions applying to the duty where no such direction is given.

(4) Where a direction given by virtue of this paragraph is in foroe as regards goods of any class or description and any article contained in them, and goods of that class or description are imported into the United Kingdom containing a quantity of that article such as. in the opinion of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise, to suggest that advantage is being taken of the direction for the purpose of evading duty on the article, the Commissioners may, not* withstanding the direction, require that on those goods the duty in question shall be calculated as if they consisted wholly of that article or (if the Commissioners see fit) shall be calculated according to die quantity of the article actually contained in the goods.

(5) Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the powers of the Treasury under the proviso to subsection (1) of the principal section (under which they may direct that goods shall be chargeable with the duty with which they would be chargeable if they consisted wholly of a particular pan or ingredient); and any goods as regards which a direction under that proviso is for the time being in force shall be deemed to be excepted from any order made under this paragraph.

2. —(1) For the purpose of charging duty under the principal section on any goods in respect of any article contained in them as a part or ingredient, and for the purpose of any rebate or drawback of duty so charged, the article shall be treated as grown, produced or manufactured in the country or territory where those goods would be treated as grown, produced or manufactured according to the rules applying to that duty.

(2) No order under subsection (2) of section eight of the Finance Act, 1919 (which enables orders to be made directing that a preferential rate of duty shall be charged on Empire products only to the extent that they are produced from Empire materials), shall for the purposes aforesaid apply in relation to the article in respect of which the duty is charged, except in a case where the duty is charged as if the goods consisted wholly of the article.

3. Where a direction is given by virtue of paragraph 1 of this Schedule as regards goods of any class or description, the Treasury may by order provide that for the purpose of allowing any drawback of customs duties there shall, in such cases and subject to such conditions (if any) as may be specified in the order, be treated as paid on goods of that class or description the same duties of customs as would be chargeable apart from the direction.

4. —(1) Where, in the case of goods of any class or description which contain as a part or ingredient any article chargeable with a duty of customs or excise, drawback of the duty may be allowed in respect of the article according to the quantity contained in the goods or the quantity used in their preparation

2nd Sen. —cont.

504

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. —cent.

or manufacture, and it appears to the Treasury on the recommendation of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise that to allow the drawback according to that quantity is inconvenient and of no material advantage to the revenue or to the persons entitled to the drawback, then the Treasury may by order give the like directions as to the manner in which the drawback is to be calculated, or in which the goods are to be treated for purposes of the drawback, as by virtue of paragraph 1 of this Schedule they may give in relation to charging duty.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing sub-paragraph—

(a) the reference in sub-paragraph (2) of the said paragraph 1

to goods imported into the United Kingdom shall be taken as a reference to goods in the case of which the drawback may be allowed; and

(b) the reference in sub-paragraph (3) of the said paragraph 1 to chargeable goods shall be taken as a reference to goods charged with the duty which is to be drawn back.

5. Where any order under paragraph 1 or 4 of this Schedule directs that for the purpose of any duty or of any drawback goods are to be treated as not containing or as consisting wholly of a particular article, the goods shall be so treated also for the purpose of determining whether any other duty is chargeable or any other drawback may be allowed, as the case may be; but any duty or drawback which is charged or allowed shall, notwithstanding the direction, be calculated by reference to the actual quantity and value of the goods and, except for the duty or drawback to which the direction relates, by reference to their actual composition.

6. —(1) Any power to make orders under this Schedule shall include power to vary or revoke any order made in the exercise of that power.

(2) Where a resolution passed by the Committee of Ways and Means of the House of Commons has statutory effect under the Provisional Collection of Taxes Act, 1913, in relation to any duty of customs, and any provision about that duty contained in an order under paragraph 1 of this Schedule is expressed to be made in view of the resolution, then that provision may be varied or revoked retrospectively by an order made not later than one month after the resolution ceases to have statutory effect, and that order may include provision for repayment of any duty overpaid or for other matters arising from its having retrospective effect:

Provided that no such order shall have retrospective effect for the purpose of increasing the duty chargeable on any goods.

(3) Any power to make orders conferred by this Schedule shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any statutory instrument by which the power is exercised shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the House of Commons.

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

505

THIRD SCHEDULE

Capital Allowances in respect of Machinery and Plant

1. —(1) Where a person, having incurred capital expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant under a contract providing that he shall or may become the owner of the machinery or plant on the performance of the contract,—

(a) without becoming the owner of it ceases to be entitled to the

benefit of the contract, so far as it relates to the machinery or plant; and

(b) receives or is entitled to any capital sum by way of consideration, compensation, damages or insurance moneys in respect of his rights under the contract or of the machinery or plant;

then (subject to paragraph 2 of this Schedule) that expenditure shall be left out of account for the purposes of Chapter II of Part X of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

(2) Where—

(a) a person who has incurred capital expenditure as aforesaid

dies or otherwise ceases to be entitled to the benefit of the contract, so far as it relates to the machinery or plant, without either becoming the owner of the machinery or plant or receiving or being entitled to any such capital sum as aforesaid; and

(b) another person, having become entitled to the benefit of that expenditure—

(i) ceases to be entitled to it without becoming the owner of the machinery or plant; and

(ii) receives or is entitled to any capital sum by way of consideration, compensation, damages or insurance moneys in respect of that benefit or of the machinery or plant;

the foregoing sub-paragraph shall apply as if the person incurring the expenditure had received such a capital sum as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of that sub-paragraph.

2. The foregoing paragraph shall not affect any allowance given by virtue of subsection (3) of section three hundred and thirty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952, in respect of a person’s contribution to another person’s expenditure; but an initial or investment allowance shall not be given by virtue of that subsection in respect of a person’s contribution or, if previously given, shall be withdrawn where, without the machinery or plant belonging to the person making the contribution or to the person for the time being carrying on the trade for the purposes of which it is provided, the relevant asset ceases to be treated under subsection (3) of section sixteen of this Act as belonging to the person making the contribution, and he receives any capital sum by way of consideration, compensation, damages or insurance moneys in respect of his contribution or of the machinery or plant.

3. —(1) Where a person has incurred capital expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant for the purposes -of his trade (without the machinery or plant belonging to him), and he or the person for

Section 16.

506

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. the time being entitled to the benefit of that expenditure alters into

—cont. any arrangement which, with or without any associated transactions*

has the effect (or would if tax were chargeable in respect of any profits or gains of the trade have the effect) both—

(a) that, under paragraph 1 of this Schedule, that expenditure falls to be left out of account for the purposes of the said Chapter II; and

(b) that another person (" the successor ") incurs capital expenditure on the provision of machinery or plant for the purposes of his trade in securing for himself the benefit of that expenditure incurred by the first-mentioned person;

then that expenditure incurred by the successor, in so far as it exceeds that expenditure incurred by the first-mentioned person, shall also be left out of account for the purposes of the said Chapter n, if in addition—

(i) of the successor and the person last previously entitled to the

benefit aforesaid, either is a body of persons over whom the other has control or both are bodies of persons and some other person has control over both; or

(ii) it appears with respect to the arrangement, or with respect to transactions of which the arrangement is one, that the sole or main benefit which, apart from the provisions of this paragraph, might have been expected to accrue to the parties or any of them was the obtaining of an allowance under the said Chapter II.

(2) In this paragraph "body of persons" includes a partnership.

4.—(1) There shall be made all such additional assessments and adjustments of assessments (including assessments and adjustments of assessments to profits tax) as may be necessary for or in consequence of the withdrawal of any allowance given in respect of expenditure falling to be left out of account under this Schedule, or as may otherwise be necessary for the purpose of giving effect to this Schedule, and any such additional assessments or adjustments of assessments may be made at any time.

(2) In the case of the death of a person who, if he had not died* would, under the provisions of this Schedule, have become chargeable to tax for any year, the tax which would have been so chargeable shall be assessed and charged upon his executors or administrators and shall be a debt due from and payable out of his estate.

Section 25. FOURTH SCHEDULE

Overseas Trade Corporations: Modifications of Income Tax

Acts

Application of enactments referring to residence in the Urated

Kingdom

1. The provisions of section twenty-five of this Act shall not be construed as affecting section four hundred and sixty-eight of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which restricts certain transactions leading to the migration of a company outside the United Kingdom).

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

507

2. The said section twenty-five shall not affect section three hundred and seventy-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (under which the investment income of a superannuation fund approved under that section is exempt from income tax and which, by virtue of paragraph (a) of and proviso (iii) to subsection (3) of that section, only applies where the fund is established in connection with a trade or undertaking carried on wholly or partly in the United Kingdom).

3. —(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of the said section twenty-five.

(2) In subsection (9) of section twenty of the Finance Act, 1953 (which relates to payments between associated companies in respect of losses), the definition of company shall not include an Overseas Trade Corporation.

(3) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1954 (under which an investment allowance may be withdrawn on a sale of the asset for which the allowance was given to a person not resident in the United Kingdom), an Overseas Trade Corporation shall be regarded as a person not so resident

(4) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of section twenty-three of the Finance Act 1954 (which makes provision as to the effect of sales between associated persons for the purposes of the provisions relating to capital allowances and balancing charges), an Overseas Trade Corporation shall be treated as a person not resident in the United Kingdom.

Capital allowances and balancing charges

4. —(1) In the application of Parts X and XI of the Income Tax Act 1952, in relation to assets which have been used for the purposes of a trade carried on by an Overseas Trade Corporation there shall be deducted from expenditure to which the said Part X or Part XI applies all such amounts as would have been deducted if, throughout the period when the company was an Overseas Trade Corporation, Part IV of this Act had not had effect and allowances and balancing charges had been made accordingly.

(2) Where a company ceases to be an Overseas Trade Corporation and there is an interval between the end of the last basis period (as defined in section three hundred and twenty-five or section three hundred and thirty-six of the Income Tax Act, 1952), related to a year of assessment falling before the date when the company ceases to be an Overseas Trade Corporation and the said date, the interval shall be deemed for the purposes of the said Part X or XI as applied under the foregoing sub-paragraph to be part of the said basis period.

(3) No capital allowances shall be deemed to have been made in the case of a trade carried on by an Overseas Trade Corporation so as to authorise the carrying forward of any amount and the allowance of that amount as a deduction in charging the profits or gains of a trade to income tax.

4th Sch. —amt.

508

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch.

—com

Sections 26, 29,

33.

5. Where an investment allowance in respect of expenditure incurred not later than the ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, falls to be made under Part X or XI of the Income Tax Act, 1952, in charging the profits or gains of a trade carried on by a company and the company becomes an Overseas Trade Corporation on the sixth day of April in that year or at * later date the change whereby the company becomes an Overseas Trade Corporation shall not be an event which, under paragraph (6) or paragraph (c) of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1954, will result in the investment allowance being withheld or withdrawn.

FIFTH SCHEDULE Relation of Exempt Trading Income to Distributions

Part I

Provisions Applicable Except in Relation to a Winding-up Computation of amount of income of Overseas Trade Corporation

1. The amount of income arising to an Overseas Trade Corporation in any period shall, as respects trading income and investment income, be computed separately.

2. —(1) The trading income of the Corporation shall, subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, be computed according to the actual profits, if any, of any trade carried on by the Corporation for the period computed on ordinary principles of accountancy recognised in the United Kingdom.

(2) No deduction shall be made in computing the profits of any trade in respect of taxes imposed under the laws of a country outside the United Kingdom which are similar in character to income tax or to the profits tax.

(3) An amount which, under the provisions of Part IV of this Act, is to be treated as investment income shall not be taken into account in computing the profits of the trade.

(4) Where the Corporation is carrying on a trade and any of its land or other property in the United Kingdom assessed to income tax under Schedule A is in whole or in part directly employed for the purposes of the trade, a deduction of the appropriate amount shall be allowed in computing the profits of the trade, being a deduction calculated by reference to the amount of the assessment as reduced for the purposes of collection.

(5) Any dividends, grants or loans which under subsection (3) of section thirty-five of this Act are to be treated as trading income of the Corporation shall be included as trading receipts in computing the profits of any trade carried on by the Corporation, and the amount of any such dividend, grant or loan shall be taken to be the amount at which it would be taken in computing total income for income tax purposes.

3. —(1) The amount of any investment income arising to the Corporation shall be that amount before deduction of any direct foreign tax and without any addition for indirect foreign tax.

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

509

(2) The amount of any investment income which is income assessed to income tax under Schedule A shall be taken at the amount at which it would be taken into account in computing total income for income tax purposes.

4. All interest of money, whether annual or not, and all annuities and other annual payments payable by the Corporation in the period shall be set off in the first place against investment income and, as to the excess, against trading income.

5. If, on the principles of computation set out in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, there is a deficiency of trading income, that deficiency shall not be set against the amount of investment income arising in the period.

Computation of income of company which has ceased to be an Overseas Trade Corporation

6. The amount of income arising to a company which is not an Overseas Trade Corporation shall be computed for the purpose of this Schedule on income tax principles in such manner as may be prescribed.

Relation of dividends and distributions to accounting periods

7. —(1) A dividend expressed to be paid for a specified period and declared not more than twelve months after the end of that period shall be related in the first instance to that period.

(2) Subject to the foregoing sub-paragraph, a dividend or other relevant distribution shall be related in die first instance to the last period for which the accounts of the company were made up and ending before the date of the distribution.

(3) Subsection (5) of section thirty-five of the Finance Act, 1947 (which prescribes rules for ascertaining the date on which a dividend is treated as being declared), shall apply for the purposes of this paragraph as it applies for the purposes of that section.

8. —(1) If the amount of a relevant distribution, grossed up by reference to income tax at the standard rate for the year of assessment in which the date of the distribution falls, exceeds so much of the income of the period to which it is in the first instance related as remains undistributed, or there is no such income, the excess or, as the case may be, the whole of that amount shall be related in the next instance to the last preceding period for which the accounts of the company were made up, and so on.

(2) In this paragraph the reference to the amount of income of a period remaining undistributed at any time is a reference to the income arising in that period to the company after deduction of any relevant distribution the date of which falls before that dme, grossed up in the case of each such distribution by reference to income tax at the standard rate for the year of assessment in which the date of distribution falls.

(3) Where as respects two different distributions the date of distribution is the same, the two shall be taken together for the purposes of this paragraph and shall, where necessary, be related to previous periods in the same proportion.

5th Sch.

—corn.

510

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

5th Sch. (4) Where two periods taken into account under this paragraph —coni. overlap, such adjustments shall be made as will secure that the income of the part common to both is not related to more than one relevant distribution.

Amount of exempt trading income applied in paying a , .

9.—(1) Where the income of the period to which a relevant distribution, or a part of a relevant distribution, is to be finally related consists wholly of exempt trading income—

(a) the relevant distribution, or the part of the relevant distribu-

tion, shall be regarded as made wholly out of exempt trading income, and

(b) the amount of exempt trading income which is to be regarded as applied in making the distribution, or the part of the distribution, shall be the amount or value of the relevant distribution grossed up by reference to income tax at the standard rate for the year of assessment in which the date of distribution falls.

(2) Where the income of the period to which a relevant distribution, or a part of a relevant distribution, is to be finally related is income which consists in part of exempt trading income—

(a) the relevant distribution, or the part of the relevant distribu-

tion, shall be regarded as made proportionately out of exempt trading income and income which is not exempt trading income; and

(b) the amount of exempt trading income which is to be regarded as applied in making the relevant distribution or the part of the distribution shall be a proportionate part of the amount or value of the distribution (or of the part of the distribution) grossed up as aforesaid.

(3) Where a relevant distribution is to be finally related in part to one period and in part to another, the extent to which the distribution as a whole is to be regarded as made out of exempt trading income shall be ascertained in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, making such adjustments and taking such averages as may be required, and the amount of exempt trading income to be regarded as applied in making the distribution shall be the sum of the amounts to be regarded under these provisions as applied in making the respective parts of the distribution.

(4) Where an accounting period to which a relevant distribution is to be related in the first instance, or in the second or any subsequent instance, is a period during part of which the company was an Overseas Trade Corporation, the distribution shall be apportioned on a time basis and-—

(a) so far as it is apportioned to the part of the period during which the company was not an Overseas Trade Corporation it shall be treated as paid wholly out of income which is not exempt trading income, and

(b) so far as it is apportioned to a period during which the company was an Overseas Trade Corporation, die foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall apply for the purpose of ascertaining whether and if so to what extent it is to be regarded as paid out of exempt trading income.

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

511

Definitions

10. —(1) In this Part of this Schedule "exempt trading income" means trading income arising to a company in a period during the whole of which it is an Overseas Trade Corporation.

(2) Where a period to which a relevant distribution is to be finally related is a period during part of which the company was an Overseas Trade Corporation, the income of that period shall be apportioned on a time basis to the respective parts of the period and only the trading income apportioned to the part of the period during which the company was an Overseas Trade Corporation shall be regarded as exempt trading income.

11. —(1) In this Part of this Schedule "relevant distribution" in relation to a company means—

(a) a dividend paid on shares of the company, or

(b) a grant or loan made by the company, being a grant or loan

to which paragraph 1 o<r paragraph 2 of the Sixth Schedule to this Act applies, or

(c) a distribution which the company is deemed, under paragraph

3 of the Sixth Schedule to this Act, to have made to members of the company, or

(</) a distribution made by the liquidator of a company which is not, under the provisions of paragraph 4 of the Sixth Schedule to this Act, to be treated as a distribution of capital and which is not excluded under sub-paragraph (3) of that paragraph.

(2) In relation to a relevant distribution " the date of distribution " means—

(a) in the case of a dividend or of a distribution under para-

graph () of the last foregoing sub-paragraph, the date on which die dividend or distribution became payable, and

(b) in the case of a grant or loan, the date on which the grant

or loan was made, and

(c) in the case of a distribution under paragraph (c) of the last

foregoing sub-paragraph, the date on which the distribution is deemed to have been made.

Part II

Special Rules for Computing Income Remaining Undistributed

on a Winding-up

12. For the purpose of ascertaining the amount of exempt trading income which is to be regarded as applied where the liquidator of a company makes a distribution in a winding-up to which paragraph 4 of the Sixth Schedule to this Act applies, the trading income and investment income for each relevant period for which the accounts of the company have been made up shall be computed in accordance with Part I of this Schedule but subject, in the case of trading income arising in a period when the company is an Overseas Trade Corporation. to the following modifications.

13. —(1) Expenditure and receipts shall be treated as of a capital nature if, and only if, they would be so treated for income tax purposes and no deductions shall be made for capita] expenditure charged to revenue or written off, or for depreciation of any asset.

5th Sch.

—cont.

512

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

5th Sch. which would not be allowed in computing profits or gains of the

—com. trade for income tax purposes under Case I of Schedule D but—

(a) there shall be deducted an amount equal to the appropriate part of any capital allowances which would fall to be allowed as a deduction in charging the profits or gains of any trade carried on by the company for any relevant year of assessment assuming that Part TV of this Act had not had effect, and

(b) there shall be added an amount equal to the appropriate part of any balancing charge which would, on that assumption. have fallen to be made in charging the profits or gains of the trade for any relevant year of assessment.

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph "relevant year of assessment " means a year of assessment falling wholly or partly within the period in question and the appropriate part of an allowance or charge shall be ascertained by making such divisions and apportionments as may be required for the purposes of this paragraph.

(3) The amount of a balancing charge to be brought into account under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph shall not exceed the total amount of capital allowances which have been taken into account under that subparagraph in respect of the same asset.

14. In computing the profits of any trade carried on by the company for the last period in which the trade is carried on, the value of any trading stock at the end of the period shall be taken as the value which it would have fetched in a sale in the open market.

15. No deduction shall be made for sums set aside to meet a contingency except so far as those sums have been or will be employed to meet that contingency.

16. If in any period there is, on the principles of computing trading income applicable under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, a loss, that loss shall be carried forward to the next period and allowed as a deduction in computing trading income arising in that period and so on and, so far as it cannot be allowed in any such period, shall be allowed as a deduction when computing trading income arising in any period before the loss was incurred.

17. —(1) The amount of exempt trading income which arose in any period and which remains undistributed when the company is wound up shall be the amount of exempt trading income computed in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Schedule after deducting the amount of exempt trading income which under the provisions of Part I of this Schedule, is to be regarded as applied in making any relevant distribution.

(2) If, in consequence of the different principles for computing trading income applicable under this Part of this Schedule, the total amount of exempt trading income to be regarded as so applied exceeds the amount of the trading income, the balance shall be deducted from the trading income which remains undistributed for preceding periods, making the deduction from the income of a later period rather than from the trading income of an earlier period.

(3) The total amount of exempt trading income remaining undistributed when the company is wound up shall be ascertained by aggregating the respective amounts for all the periods for which the accounts of the company were made up.

1957

Finance A 1957

Ch. 49

513

SIXTH SCHEDULE Sections 27.28,

Charge to Tax in respect of distributions made out of Exempt Trading Income Grants or loans made to associated persons

1.—(1) Where a company which is or has been an Overseas Trade Corporation makes a grant or loan to an associated person, and the grant or loan is, under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, to be regarded as paid in whole or in part out of exempt trading income—

(a) income tax shall, subject to the provisions of Part IV of

this Act relating to double taxation relief, be assessed and charged on the company under Case VI of Schedule D on an amount equal to the amount of exempt trading income which is to be so regarded as applied in making the grant or loan, and shall be so charged for the year of assessment in which the grant or loan is made, and

(b) the person to whom the grant or loan is made shall, subject as aforesaid, be deemed for all the purposes of the Income Tax Acts to have received a payment equal to so much of the grant or loan as is to be so regarded as paid out of exempt trading income, being a payment of a net amount representing a gross amount from which tax has been deducted at the standard rate for the said year of assess* ment, and

(c) where the grant or loan is made at a time when the com-

pany is an Overseas Trade Corporation—

(i) subsection (2) of section twenty-six of this Act shall apply in relation to the net amount which that person is so deemed to have received as if it were a dividend paid by the company and as if references in that subsection to the person owning shares in the Overseas Trade Corporation were references to the person to whom the grant or loan is made, and

(ii) if the person to whom a grant or loan is made is also an Overseas Trade Corporation and the grant or loan, or any part thereof, constitutes trading income of any other Overseas Trade Corporation, that other Overseas Trade Corporation shall, subject to the provisions of Part IV of this Act relating to double taxation relief, be entitled to repayment of income tax deemed to have been deducted under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph and subsections (2) to (4) of section one hundred and nipety of the Income Tax Act, 1952. shall apply for the purposes of this paragraph as they apply for the purposes of that section, and

() where the payment which the person to whom the grant or loan is made is under paragraph (b) of this sub-para-graph to be deemed to have received is for the purposes of the profits tax to be included in computing the profits from a trade or business carried on by that person, subsection (3) of section twenty-nine of this Act shall apply with the necessary modifications for the allowance of credit against the profits tax attributable to that payment

R

514

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

6th Sch. (2) This paragraph shall apply whether or not the person to whom —cont. the grant or loan is made is a member of the company.

(3) Where a company makes a grant or loan to a person who is not an associated person under reciprocal arrangements involving the making by another party to the arrangements of a grant or loan to a person who is, in relation to that company, an associated person, this paragraph shall apply to the grant or loan made by that company as if the person to whom it is made were such an associated person.

(4) References in this paragraph to the making of a grant include references to the giving of any benefit in money or moneys worth except, in a case where the company is engaged in carrying on a trade, to the extent that expenditure incurred by the company in giving the benefit would, if the profits or gains of the trade were brought into charge to income tax, be deductible in computing those profits or gains for the purposes of income tax.

(5) A person shall, in relation to a company, be regarded as an associated person for the purposes of this paragraph if that person has control over the company or if, in a case where that person is a body of persons, the company has control over it or some third person has control over both of them.

For the purposes of this sub-paragraph " control " has the meaning assigned to it by section three hundred and thirty-three of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and "body of persons" includes a partnership.

Grants or loans made by director-controlled companies

2.—(1) Where a company which is or has been an Overseas Trade Corporation and which is a company the directors whereof have a controlling interest therein makes a grant or loan to or for the benefit of a director or member of the company and the grant or loan is, under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, to be regarded as paid in whole or in part out of exempt trading income, sub-paragraph (1) of the foregoing paragraph shall apply as in the case of a grant or loan made as mentioned in that paragraph.

(2) Where a company makes a grant or loan to or for the benefit of a person who is not a director or member of the company under reciprocal arrangements which involve the making by some other party to the arrangements of a grant or loan to or for the benefit of a director or member of that company, this paragraph shall apply to the grant or loan made by that company as if the person to whom it is made were a director or member of that company.

(3) In this paragraph the expression " director " has the meaning assigned to it by paragraph 13 of the Fourth Schedule to the Finance Act. 1937.

Capitalisation of Profits

3.—(1) Where, under sub-paragraph (2) or sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph, there is deemed to be a distribution to die members of a company which is or has been an Overseas Trade Corporation and, under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, an amount of exempt trading income is to be regarded as applied in making that distribution, income tax shall, subject to the provisions

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

515

of Part IV of this Act relating to double taxation relief, be assessed and charged on the company under Case VI of Schedule D on an amount equal to the amount of exempt trading income which is to be regarded as so applied, and shall be so charged for the year of assessment in which the distribution becomes due.

(2) Where—

(a) at any time after the ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, a company capitalises any of its profits, and

(b) then or thereafter any sum is applied in reducing its capital, there shall be deemed for the purposes of this paragraph to be a distribution to the members of the company of an amount equal to the sum so applied or to the total amount of the stuns previously capitalised by the company as aforesaid, whichever is the less, taking place when the sum is so applied.

(3) Where—

(a) at any time after the ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, a company applies any sum in reducing its capital, and

(b) then or thereafter the company capitalises any of its profits, there shall be deemed for the purposes of this paragraph to be a distribution to the members of the company of an amount equal to the profits capitalised or to the total amount of the sums previously applied by the company as aforesaid in reducing capital, whichever is die less, taking place at the time of the capitalisation.

(4) Where by virtue of subparagraph (2) of this paragraph there is deemed to be a distribution by reason of the application of any sum in reducing the capital of the company—

(a) that sum shall be taken into account for the purposes of

sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph only to the extent, if any, to which it exceeds the amount of the distribution, and

(b) the total amount of the profits capitalised by the company

after the ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, but before the distribution shall, in relation to any further reductions of capital, be treated for the purposes of sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph as diminished by the amount of the distribution.

(5) Where by virtue of sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph there is deemed to be a distribution by reason of the capitalisation of profits of a company—

(a) that sum shall be taken into account for the purposes of

sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph only to the extent, if any, to which it exceeds the amount of the distribution, and

(b) the total amount of the sums applied in reducing the capital

of the company after the ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, before the distribution shall, in relation to any further capitalisations, be treated for the purposes of sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph as diminished by the amount of the distribution.

6th Sch.

—cont.

516

Ch. 49

Finance Act> 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

6th Sgh. —cortt.

(6) In this paragraph—

(a) " capitalised " means capitalised by means of an issue of paid-up or partly paid-up share capital, or by the paying-up in whole or in part, of share capital already issued, or by the creation of loan capital, and

" capitalisation " shall be construed accordingly;

(b) references to the reduction of capital shall be deemed to include references to the repayment or return of share capital and the repayment or redemption of loan capital, other than loan capital issued for full consideration and other than redeemable preference shares so issued.

(7) The date on which tax becomes payable under this paragraph shall be one month after the assessment is signed and allowed instead of the date prescribed by section seventy-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

Distributions in Winding-up

4.—(1) Where a company which is or has been an Overseas Trade Corporation is wound up and in the course of the winding up the liquidator makes a distribution of the assets of the company to members of the company which is not a distribution of capital, and under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act an amount of exempt trading income is to be regarded as applied in making the distribution, income tax for the year of assessment in which the distribution is made shall, subject to the provisions of Part IV of this Act relating to double taxation relief, be charged under Case VI of Schedule D on an amount equal to that amount of exempt trading income.

(2) The liquidator of the company shall be assessed and charged in respect of tax due under this paragraph and he shall not distribute any of the assets of the company to the members thereof unless he has made provision for the payment of income tax becoming due in pursuance of this paragraph; and if a liquidator without reasonable excuse contravenes this sub-paragraph, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds.

(3) Where the company is being wound up under a scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction and—

(a) as part of the scheme a trade carried on by the company is transferred to another company,

(b) the consideration for the transfer consists wholly or mainly of shares in a second company which are to be distributed to members of the first company, and

(c) the two companies jointly so elect by notice in writing given to

the Commissioners of Inland Revenue within six months after the transfer or such longer time as the Commissioners may in any case allow, the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply in relation to the distribution of shares in the said second company and, where the total amount of the assets to be distributed by the liquidator to the members of the first company exceeds the amount of the distributions which would otherwise be regarded as distributions of capital for the purposes of this paragraph, it shall be assumed that the distribution of the shares of the said second company, so far as possible.

1957

Finance A; 1957

Ch. 49

517

represents the distribution of the amount which would otherwise be regarded as distributions of capital.

(4) If, in consequence of the provisions of the last foregoing sub-paragraph, an amount of exempt trading income is, under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, to be regarded as remaining undistributed after the winding up. that amount of exempt trading income shall thereafter be regarded as exempt trading income of the company to which the trade was transferred and the provisions of Part IV of this Act shall apply as if that company had been an Overseas Trade Corporation at the time when the exempt trading income arose.

(5) For the purposes of this paragraph the distributions which are to be treated as distributions of capital shall not exceed an amount equal to the total nominal amount of the paid-up share capital of the company together with any amount standing to the credit of the share premium account of the company.

(6) Where, since the ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, the company has capitalised any of its profits by means of an issue of share capital, then, except so far as under the last foregoing paragraph that capitalisation has been taken into account in determining the amount of a distribution deemed to have been made to the members of the company, the share capital created by that capitalisation shall be left out of account for the purposes of the last foregoing sub-paragraph.

Charge to tax on cessation of trading activities, etc.

5.—(1) Where—

(a) a company carrying on a trade ceases to carry it on at a

time when it is not an Overseas Trade Corporation, but without being wound up. or

(b) a company which is an Overseas Trade Corporation which is

not carrying on a trade ceases to be an Overseas Trade Corporation,

income tax for the year of assessment in which the company ceases to carry on the trade or, as the case may be, ceases to be an Overseas Trade Corporation shall, subject to the provisions of Part IV of this Act relating to double taxation relief, be charged under Case VI of Schedule D on an amount equal to the amount of exempt trading income of the company which is to be regarded under the provisions of paragraph 8 of the Fifth Schedule to this Act as being exempt trading income of any period which remains undistributed at that time.

(2) The amount of income tax chargeable under the foregoing sub-paragraph shall not exceed the amount which would be payable if the company were wound up at the time in question and the assets of the company were distributed accordingly (after making provision for tax becoming due in consequence of any distributions).

(3) Where this paragraph applies, income tax shall not on any subsequent occasion be charged in respect of any exempt trading income which arose before the company ceased to carry on the trade or. as the case may be, to be an Overseas Trade Corporation.

6th Sch.

—cant.

518

Ch. 49

Finance Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

6th Sch.

—cont.

Section 29.

General

6. Notwithstanding that income tax is payable under this Schedule by a company, no part of the exempt trading income of the company shall, on that account, constitute income of the company for income tax purposes and, in particular, no part thereof shall constitute profits or gains brought into charge to tax for the purposes of section one hundred and sixty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE

Overseas Trade Corporations: Modifications of Profits Tax

Enactments

Computation of profits

1. —(I) In computing the profits from any trade or business carried on by an Overseas Trade Corporation for any of the purposes of the enactments relating to the profits tax no deduction of any description shall be allowed except that a deduction shall, if otherwise allowable under those enactments, be allowed in respect of a payment for any interest of money, whether annual or not, or any annuity or other annual payment paid by the Overseas Trade Corporation:

Provided that the total amount of the deductions which are authorised to be made under this paragraph in computing the profits of any period shall not exceed the amount of the investment income (as defined by Part IV of this Act) arising to the Corporation in that period.

(2) This paragraph shall not affect the provisions of paragraph 2 of the Fourth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1937 (which authorises the deduction from the profits arising in a chargeable accounting period of a loss sustained in a previous period).

(3) In this paragraph the reference to the computation of profits includes a reference to the computation of any such loss as under the said paragraph 2 falls to be made in the same manner as profits which are to be computed for the purposes of the profits tax.

2. Any investment income which consists of income assessed to income tax under Schedule A shall be taken at the amount at which it would be brought into account in computing total income for income tax purposes.

Abatement

3. —(1) Section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1947 (which provides for an abatement of profits chargeable to the profits tax for small trades and businesses), shall apply in relation to the profits of an Overseas Trade Corporation subject to the provisions of this paragraph and the reduction, if any, to be effected under the said section thirty-three shall be such reduction, if any, as falls to be made under that section as applied under sub-paragraph (2) or sub-para-graph (3) of this paragraph and if a reduction would fall to be made under that section as applied under each of those sub-paragraphs, the reduction to be so effected shall be the greater of them.

(2) The said section shall be applied, in the first instance, as if for any reference to two thousand pounds there were substituted a reference to five hundred pounds and for any reference to twelve thousand pounds there were substituted a reference to three thousand pounds.

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

519

(3) The said section shall be applied, in the second instance, as if any reference to franked investment income included (notwithstanding the provisions of section twenty-nine of this Act directing that trading income shall be disregarded for all purposes) a reference to trading income.

Gross relevant distributions

4. For the purposes of the enactments relating to the profits tax the gross relevant distributions to proprietors of a company which is or has been an Overseas Trade Corporation shall not include so much of any dividend or relevant grant or loan made by the company as is, under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, to be regarded as made out of exempt trading income.

In this sub-paragraph "relevant grant or loan* means any grant or loan to which paragraph 1 or paragraph 2 of the Sixth Schedule to this Act applies.

5. Where under paragraph 3 of the Sixth Schedule to this Act there is deemed to be a distribution to the members of a company which is or has been an Overseas Trade Corporation, and, under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act. the distribution so deemed to be made is regarded as having been made in whole or in part out of exempt trading income, an amount equal to the amount of exempt trading income which is to be so regarded as applied in making the distribution shall be deducted from—

(a) any distribution then or thereafter falling to be treated as a

gross relevant distribution made by the company by virtue of section thirty-one of the Finance Act, 1956 (which directs that a sum applied in reducing capital, so far as that sum exceeds the reduction in the nominal amount of capital, shall be treated as a distribution for the purposes of subsection (1) of section thirty-six of the Finance Act, 1947), or

(b) any distribution then or thereafter deemed to be made under section thirty-one of the Finance Act, 1951 (under which a capitalisation of distributable sums and a reduction of capital are in certain cases to be treated as together amounting to a distribution),

and, where the said amount of exempt trading income exceeds the amount of the distribution from which it falls to be deducted in the first instance, the excess shall be deducted from the second such distribution, and so on until the amount to be deducted is exhausted.

6. Where a distribution (being a relevant distribution within the meaning of the Fifth Schedule to this Act) is made by the liquidator of a company which is or has been an Overseas Trade Corporation and, under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, the distribution is to be regarded as paid in whole or in part out of exempt trading income that distribution, or that part of the distribution, shall not be treated as a gross relevant distribution.

7. For the purposes of the enactments relating to the profits tax the gross relevant distributions to proprietors of an Overseas Trade Corporation shall not include any distribution which would be allowable as a deduction in computing the profits or gains of the trade

7th Sch.

—cont.

520

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Tib Sea, or business of the Corporation but for the provisions of paragraph 11

—cont' of the Fourth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1937 (which limits, in

the case of a director-controlled company, the directors remuneration which may be deducted in computing profits for the purposes of the profits tax).

8. In relation to an Overseas Trade Corporation paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section thirty-five of the Finance Act, 1947 (which provides that dividends declared not later than six months after the end of a period and expressed to be paid in respect of that period are to be treated as included in the gross relevant distributions for that period), shall have effect with the substitution of twelve months for six months and subsection (2) of that section shall not apply.

Groups of companies

9.—(1) Where under section twenty-two of the Finance Act, 1937 (which authorises a principal company to give a grouping notice in respect of a company which is its subsidiary for profits tax purposes), such a notice is in force and the principal company which gave the notice or the subsidiary company to which the notice applies is an Overseas Trade Corporation, the provisions of subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of this Act and of paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Schedule shall be applied for determining the profits or losses of the subsidiary company before, and not after, the profits or losses of the subsidiary company are, under the provisions of subsection (2) of the said section twenty-two, treated as profits or losses of the company which gave the notice.

(2) Where such a notice is in force and both the principal company and the subsidiary company are Overseas Trade Corporations, trading income arising to the subsidiary company in a chargeable accounting period to which the notice relates shall for the purposes of sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 3 of this Schedule be included in the trading income of the principal company for the corresponding chargeable accounting period (as defined in the said section twenty-two).

(3) Where on a date when such a notice is in force the principal company or the subsidiary company becomes an Overseas Trade Corporation, the principal company may, at any time within six months after the end of the chargeable accounting period commencing with that date or such longer time as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may allow, by notice in writing to the Commissioners revoke any notice in force under the said section twenty-two immediately before the said date which has been given by the principal company with respect to that subsidiary and where a notice is so revoked it shall be deemed to have ceased to have effect as from the said date without, however, reviving any previous notice which had ceased to be in force by reason of the giving thereof.

(4) For the purposes of this paragraph a notice given under the said section twenty-two by a principal company as respects more than one subsidiary shall be treated as a separate notice as respects each subsidiary.

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

521

10. Subsection (5) of section forty-two of the Finance Act, 1938 (under which certain payments made by a body corporate resident or operating in the United Kingdom to another body corporate in the same group is not allowable as a deduction in computing profits for the purposes of the profits tax), shall not apply where the body corporate making the payment is an Overseas Trade Corporation and the body corporate to which the payment is made is resident in the United Kingdom.

Public utility undertakings

11. Paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1951 (which relates to income from public utility undertakers and provides that the profits tax chargeable on such income shall be at a reduced rate), shall not apply to so mud) of a dividend or other payment as under the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act is to be regarded as paid out of exempt trading income.

Change of status

12. —(1) Where an accounting period of a company which becomes or ceases to be an Overseas Trade Corporation, being a period which apart from the provisions of this paragraph would be a chargeable accounting period for the purposes of the profits tax, falls partly before and partly after the time when the company becomes or ceases to be an Overseas Trade Corporation, as the case may be, the period shall be divided so that the parts falling before and after that time shall be separate chargeable accounting periods.

(2) Where an accounting period of a company falls partly before and partly after the time when the company becomes an Overseas Trade Corporation for the first time, section thirty-seven of the Finance Act, 1947 (which provides for the apportionment of gross relevant distributions in a case whore an accounting period is not a chargeable accounting period), shall be applied before any distribution or any part of a distribution is excluded or deducted under the provisions of paragraph 4, 5, 6 or 7 of this Schedule and any amount falling to be deducted under the said provisions from the gross relevant distributions of the said accounting period shall be deducted from the gross relevant distributions apportioned to the chargeable accounting period beginning at the time when the company becomes an Overseas Trade Corporation.

13. A loss sustained by a company in any period before it becomes an Overseas Trade Corporation shall not under sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 2 of the Fourth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1937 (which authorises losses to be carried forward and used to reduce taxable profits in subsequent periods), be carried forward and deducted from or set off against the profits of any chargeable accounting period beginning after the time when the company becomes an Overseas Trade Corporation, whether or not the company subsequently ceases to be an Overseas Trade Corporation.

R

7th Sch.

—cont.

522

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 30.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE Overseas Trade Corporations : Changes of Status

Part I

Company becoming an Overseas Tradb Corporation

1. In this Part of this Schedule a "date of change" means a date on which a company, from having been a company which was not an Overseas Trade Corporation, becomes an Overseas Trade Corporation, and references to years of assessment beginning after a date of change include references to a year of assessment beginning with a date of change.

Losses and capital allowances

2. —(1) No relief in respect of a loss sustained in any period before a date of change in the trade which is being carried on by the company shall be allowed so as to reduce income tax for any year of assessment after the date of change whether under subsection (3) of section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1953 (which permits a loss sustained in a trade to be set off against general income for the next following year), or under section three hundred and forty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which permits losses sustained in a trade to be carried forward).

(2) No part of a capital allowance falling to be made in charging for a year of assessment before a date of change the profits or gains of the trade which is being carried on by the company shall be carried forward under section three hundred and twenty-three of the Income Tax Act, 1952, so as to be allowed under that section or under section twenty of the Finance Act, 1954 (which permits a capital allowance carried forward to be set off against general income), so as to reduce income tax for any year of assessment after the date of change.

(3) Where in the course of the year 1957-58 a company becomes an Overseas Trade Corporation, the provisions of sub-paragraphs (1) and (2) of this paragraph shall apply in relation to losses sustained in a year of assessment before the beginning of that year, or apportioned to the part of the year 1957-58 which falls before the time when the company becomes an Overseas Trade Corporation, and capital allowances falling to be made for such a year of assessment, or apportioned to the said part of the year 1957-58, as if the reference to income tax for a year of assessment after the date of change included a reference to income tax for the part of the year 1957-58 which falls after the date of change.

3. No relief shall be given under section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1954 (which permits a terminal loss in a trade to be carried backwards), in respect of income tax for a year of assessment before a date of change in respect of a terminal loss arising in a period after the date of change nor, in the case of a terminal loss which arises in a period which is partly before and partly after the date of change, by reference to the terminal loss so far as it is attributable to the part of the period after the date of change.

For the purposes of this paragraph all such apportionments and adjustments shall be made as may be just.

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

523

Past n

Company Ceasing to bb an Overseas Trade Corporation

4. In this Part of this Schedule a M date of change " means a date on which a company, from having been a company which was an Overseas Trade Corporation, ceases to be an Overseas Trade Corporation.

Charge to tax under Case I of Schedule D in commencing

period

5. Where at the time of date of change the company is carrying on a trade chargeable to income tax under Case I of Schedule D, the amount of the profits or gains thereof on which tax is so chargeable for any year of assessment shall be determined as if the trade had been permanently discontinued at the date of change and a new trade had then been set up and commenced.

Losses

6. Without prejudice to sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule, no relief in respect of a loss sustained in any period before a date of change in a trade which is being carried on by the company shall be allowed so as to reduce income tax for any year of assessment after the date of change, whether under section three hundred and forty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952, or otherwise.

R * 2

8th Sch. —cont.

524

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 42.

NINTH SCHEDULE

Repeals Part I

Entertainments duty

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

6 & 7 Geo. 5. The Finance (New Duties) In subsection (4) of section one.

c. 11. Act, 1916. the words from " or covers *

6 & 7 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1916... to " operation " and the words "in respect of which entertainments duty is payable*; subsection (5) of section one; in subsection (6) of section one the definition of "entertainment *. Section twelve.

c. 24.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1921... Section eight.

c. 32.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1923... Sections eleven and twelve;

c. 14. subsection (3) of section

14 & 15 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1924... thirty-nine. Subsection (4) of section six;

c. 21. section seven.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, 1946... Section eight.

c. 64.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, 1948... Section seventeen.

c. 49.

12, 13 & 14 The Finance Act, 1949... Sections ten and eleven.

Geo. 6. c. 47.

14 Geo. 6.C.15 The Finance Act, 1950... Section fifteen; subsection (2)

15 & 16 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, 1952... of section sixteen. Sections two and three.

and 1 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. The Finance Act, 1953... Sections seven and eight.

c. 34.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Finance Act, 1954... Sections one and two; the

c. 44. First Schedule.

These repeals shall not have effect in relation to entertainments given before the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, so as to make duty chargeable in respect of any entertainment

1957

Finance A, 1957

Ch. 49

525

Part n

Duties on , etc.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

15 A16 Geo. 5. c. 36. The Finance Act, 1925... Subsection (1) of section seven; in Part 111 of the Third Schedule, the entry as to hops.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 21. The Finance Act, 1929... Subsection (1) of section four.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 19. The Finance Act, 1933... In subsection (2) of section two, the words " until the end of the said fifteenth day of August*; subsection (4) of section two.

1 A 2 Biz. 2. c. 34. The Finance Act, 1953... Section one.

Part m

Income tax ( pers reliefs)

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 33. The Finance Act, 1952. Subsection (5) of section fourteen, so far as it amends subsection (1) of section two hundred and eleven of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

1 A 2 Biz. 2. c. 34. The Finance Act, 1953. Subsection (1) of section fourteen.

3 A 4 Eliz. 2. c. 15. The Finance Act, 1955. Sub section (5) of section two.

Part IV

Income tax ( small maintenance payments)

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

15 A16 Geo. 6 A 1 Biz. 2. c. 10. The Income Tax Act, 1952 In subsection (2) of section two hundred and five, paragraph (a) except the words " twenty-one years of age *, and paragraph (6); in subsection (3) of section two hundred and five, paragraph (u) from " if * onwards, and paragraph (5) from "if* onwards; subsection (4) of section two hundred and five.

15 A 16 Geo. 6 A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 41. The Affiliation Orders Act, 1952. Section four.

These repeals shall not affect payments in relation to which section twenty-one of this Act is exclude! by subsection (2) of that section.

coo

9th Sch. —cont.

526

Ch. 49

Finance A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Finance Act, 1894 57 & 58 Vict. c. 30.

Assurance Companies Act, 1909 • 9 Edw. 7. c. 49.

Provisional Collection of Taxes Act, 1913 • 3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 3.

Finance Act, 1914 • 4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 10.

Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916 ttt 6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 11.

Finance Act, 1919 • 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 32.

Finance Act, 1925 • 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 36.

Rating (Scotland) Act, 1926 •. • 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 47.

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1929 ... 19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 25.

Sunday Entertainments Act, 1932 ... • 22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 51.

Ottawa Agreements Act, 1932 • 22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 53.

Finance Act, 1933 •. • 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 19.

Local Government Act, 1933 •. • 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

Finance Act, 1937 ... 1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 54.

Finance Act, 1938 ... 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 46.

Hire Purchase Act, 1938 ... 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 53.

Finance Act, 1940 ., 3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 29.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 ... 3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 48.

Finance Act, 1947 ... 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 35.

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 ... 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

Finance Act, 1948 ... 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 49.

Finance Act, 1949 ... 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 47.

Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1949 ... 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 54.

Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949 ... 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 89.

Finance Act, 1951 ... 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 43.

Income Tax Act, 1952 ... 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

Miners Welfare Act, 1952 ... ... 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 23.

Customs and Excise Act, 1952 ... 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

Finance Act, 1953 •.. 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 34.

Finance Act, 1954 • 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 60.

Finance Act, 1956 ... 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 54.

Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956... 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 60.

1957

Army ( Conditions of Enlistment)

Act, 1957

Ch. 50

527

CHAPTER 50

An Act to make further provision as to the transfer to the reserve or determination of service of persons serving in the army for a term of twenty-two years.

[31st July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In the case of persons who enlist on or after the first Change of day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, for a term conditions of twenty-two years of army service, the Army Council shallof semce* have power by regulations under Part I of the Army Act, 1955, 3 * 4 Eliz- 2-to confer— c',8*

(a) any right to be transferred to the reserve at a time or

times before the end of the period of twelve years beginning with the date of attestation, and

(b) any right to determine army service at a time or times

before the end of the said period,

being rights exercisable in such circumstances and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed; and the power of varying regulations made in pursuance of this subsection shall be subject to the restrictions specified in subsection (6) of this section.

(2) Every person who enlists on or after the said date for such a term of twenty-two years may, on making application in the prescribed manner, and with the consent of the competent military authority, be transferred to the reserve at any time before he has completed twelve years service.

(3) Every person who enlists on or after the said date for such a term of twenty-two years shall, subject to the provisions of this section, have the right to determine his service at the end of the said period of twelve years beginning with the date of his attestation, or of any succeeding period of three years, by a notice given in such form and at such time, and revocable in such circumstances, as may be prescribed.

(4) Where a person is transferred to the reserve under regulations made in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, or under subsection (2) of this section, he shall serve in the reserve

528 Ch. 50 Army ( Condi of Enlistment) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

for such period as may be prescribed so, however, that that period shall not extend beyond twelve years from the date of his attestation; and regulations under Part I of the Army Act, 1955, may provide for the conditions under which a person so transferred to the reserve may re-enter upon army service and prescribe the conditions subject to which a person so re-entering army service will serve.

(5) Without prejudice to the power under subsection (1) of this section of prescribing the circumstances in which and the conditions subject to which rights conferred under that subsection are exercisable, regulations under the said Part I may also—

(a) require that, in consideration of a person being permitted

to undergo any course of instruction or to transfer to a corps different from the one in which he was previously serving, or in consideration of the conferring on him of any other benefit or advantage, he shall give an undertaking not to determine his army service before the expiration of a specified period, and

(b) provide that a person who has given such an undertaking

shall not give notice to exercise a right conferred by regulations made in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, or a right conferred by subsection (3) of this section, which would result in his transfer to the reserve or the determination of his service before the end of that period,

and regulations may provide for the giving of such undertakings by persons who enlisted before the regulations were made as well as by persons who enlisted after that time.

(6) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, any regulations under the said Part I which vary or revoke regulations made in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, or which vary any period prescribed under subsection (4) of this section as a period for which a person shall serve in the reserve, shall not affect persons who enlisted for a term of twenty-two years of army service before the time when the varying or revoking regulations are made.

(7) Section five of the Army Act, 1955, shall not apply to persons enlisting on or after the said first day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, but any reference in Part 1 of that Act to the rights conferred by subsection (1) of that section shall include a reference to rights conferred by regulations made in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, or by subsection (3) of this section, and in subsection (5) of section eight of that Act (which excludes the said section five in the case of a soldier who

1957

Army ( Conditionsoj Enlistment) Ch. 50,51

Act, 1957

has continued in service under the said section eight) the reference to the said section five shall include a reference to subsection (3) of this section.

(8) For the purposes of this section—

(a) a person who enlisted on any date for a term other than a term of twenty-two years and who is treated under subsection (1) of section six of the Army Act, 1955, as if his enlistment had been for a term of twenty-two years shall be regarded as a person who enlisted on that date for such a term, and

(b) a person who enlisted before he attained the age of eighteen years and who is treated under subsection (2) of the said section six as if on the date on which he attained that age he had enlisted for a term of twenty-two years shall be regarded as a person who enlisted on that date for such a term.

(9) This section shall have effect as if contained in Part I of the Army Act, 1955, but subsection (2) of section seventeen of that Act (which treats a soldier part of whose service has been forfeited as having enlisted on a date later than that on which he in fact enlisted) shall not have effect in the case of a person so treated as having enlisted on or after the first day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, so as to apply the provisions of this section if that person would otherwise have been regarded as having enlisted before that date.

2. This Act may be cited as the Army (Conditions of Enlist- Short title, ment) Act, 1957.

CHAPTER 51

Road Transport Lighting , 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Lights and reflectors to be carried by vehicles at night.

2. Restriction on the nature of lamps to be carried.

3. Restriction on movement of lamps.

4. Multi-purpose lamps and combined lamps and reflectors.

5. Regulations as to position and use of lamps and reflectors.

6. Bicycles, tricycles and invalid carriages.

7. Horse-drawn agricultural vehicles.

8. Vehicles carrying overhanging or projecting loads.

9. Vehicles towing and being towed.

10. Powers of exemption and variation of requirements.

11. Power to impose additional requirements for vehicles over prescribed

length and trailers.

530

Ch. 51

Road Transport Lighting A, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Lights and reflectors t carried by vehicles at night

Section

12. Offences.

13. Regulations.

14. Fines.

15. Application to Crown.

16. Saving for railway locomotives, etc., and tramcars.

17. Interpretation.

18. Application to Scotland.

19. Temporary modifications in relation to certain vehicles.

20. Consequential amendment of Road Traffic Act, 1956.

21. Repeals, transitional provisions and savings.

22. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to the lighting of vehicles on roads.

[31st July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and of any regu-be lations made thereunder by the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation (in this Act referred to as " the Minister "), every vehicle on any road shall during the hours of darkness carry—

(a) two lamps, each showing to the front a white light visible horn a reasonable distance; and

(b) two lamps, each showing to the rear a red light visible from a reasonable distance,

and, while a vehicle is on any road during the hours of darkness, every lamp carried by the vehicle in accordance with this subsection shall be kept properly trimmed, lighted, and in a clean and efficient condition, and shall be attached to the vehicle in such position and manner as the Minister may by regulations prescribe.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every vehicle on any road shall during the hours of darkness carry attached to it two unobscured and efficient red reflectors each facing to the rear.

(3) It shall be the duty of any person who causes or permits a vehicle to be on any road during the hours of darkness to provide the vehicle with lamps in accordance with the requirements of this Act and of any regulations made thereunder, and with

1957

Road Transport Lighting , 1957

Ch. 51

531

reflectors in accordance with the provisions of the foregoing subsection and any regulations made for the purposes thereof under this Act

2. —(1) No vehicle shall, subject to the provisions of section Restriction on

eleven of this Act show— the nature of

(a) a red light to the front or aS^°be

(b) any light to the rear, other than a red light or a white

light for the purpose of reversing.

(2) Paragraph (h) of the foregoing subsection shall not prevent a vehicle from carrying a hump showing a light to the rear for the purposes of—

(a) the internal illumination of the vehicle,

(b) illuminating a number plate, taxi meter, or any device

for giving signals to overtaking traffic, or

(c) in the case of a public passenger vehicle, illuminating

boards, plates or devices indicating the route or destination of the vehicle.

3. Unless otherwise provided by the Minister by regulation. Restriction on no light shown by a vehicle, other than a dipping headlight, shall movement of be moved by swivelling, deflecting or otherwise while the vehicle Iamps

is in motion.

4. —(1) Nothing in this Act shall, subject to the provisions Multi-purpose of section eleven thereof, require a vehicle to carry separate lamps and lamps for different purposes, if it carries a lamp satisfying all combined the requirements which would be applicable to separate lamps

carried by it for those purposes.

(2) Where a vehicle’s tail lamp is so constructed that, when not showing a light, it is an efficient red reflector facing to the rear and complying with any regulations made for the purposes of subsection (2) of section one of this Act and for the purposes of this subsection which apply to the vehicle, it shall be treated for those purposes as being such a reflector when it is, as well as when it is not, showing a light.

5. —(1) The Minister may by regulations prescribe the condi- Regulations

tions subject to which— asto position

(a) any lamp carried by a vehicle and showing a light to ^nps^Jd

the front, and reflectors.

(b) any lamp carried by a vehicle and showing a white

light to the rear for the purpose of reversing,

may be used, and those conditions may include conditions as to all or any of the following matters, that is to say—

(i) the angles at which beams of light may be projected,

(ii) the height, width and range of illumination of those beams of light,

(iii) the extent and method of obscuration to be applied, and

532

Ch. 51

Road Transport Lighting A, 1957 5 & 6 Euz 2

Bicycles, tricycles and invalid carriages.

(iv) the position on the vehicle of any lamps not being lamps carried in accordance with section one of this Act, and regulations made under this subsection may provide for the method by which the height, width and range of illumination of beams of light referred to in paragraph (ii) thereof are to be ascertained.

(2) The Minister may by regulations prescribe—

(a) the conditions to be complied with by any lamp carried in accordance with the provisions of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder and showing a red light to the rear, and

(b) the conditions to be complied with by any reflector carried in accordance with the provisions of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder, and the position and manner in which it is to be attached, and any regulations made under this subsection may make different provision in respect of vehicles of different classes or descriptions, or in respect of vehicles of the same class or description in different circumstances.

(3) Regulations made under subsection (1) of section one of this Act may make special provision, as respects any class or description of vehicle, as to the position in which a lamp carried for the purposes both of paragraph (a) and of paragraph (b) of that subsection is to be attached; and in a case for which special provision is so made the reference in subsection (1) of section four of this Act to the requirements which would be applicable lations as to the position of a separate lamp carried for the to separate lamps shall not include the requirements of any regu-purposes of the said paragraph (a) or (b).

6. In the application of the foregoing provisions of this Act to bicycles, tricycles and invalid carriages the following modifications shall apply: —

(a) in the case of a bicycle not having a sidecar attached

thereto, whether propelled by mechanical power or not, or of a tricycle not propelled by mechanical power, or of an invalid carriage, only a single lamp showing a white light to the front instead of two such lamps need be carried;

(b) in the case of a bicycle or tricycle not propelled by

mechanical power, or of a bicycle propelled by mechanical power and not having a side-car attached thereto—

(i) only a single lamp showing a red light to the rear instead of two such lamps, and

(ii) only a single red reflector instead of two such reflectors,

need be carried;

1957

Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957

Ch. 51

533

ic) in the case of a bicycle not having a side-car attached thereto, whether propelled by mechanical power or not, or of a tricycle not propelled by mechanical power, no lamp need be carried if the bicycle or tricycle is being wheeled by a person on foot as near as possible to the near or left-hand edge of the carriage-way;

() in the case of a bicycle or tricycle not propelled by mechanical power, no light required by this Act need be shown, if the bicycle or tricycle is stationary owing to the exigencies of the traffic or in order to comply with any traffic signal or direction, and the bicycle or tricycle is as near as possible to the near or left-hand edge of the carriage-way;

Provided that the provisions of paragraph id) of this section shall have effect only until such day as the Minister may by order appoint.

7. In the application of the foregoing provisions of this Act to vehicles drawn by horses or other animals the following modifications shall apply:—

(a) any vehicle engaged for the time being in canning

agricultural produce of an inflammable nature in the course of the internal operations of a farm shall be exempted from carrying lamps;

(b) without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, in the

case of an agricultural implement or of any vehicle used for the time being by a person engaged in agriculture for the conveyance of his agricultural produce or articles required by him for use in agriculture,

(i) only one lamp showing a light to the front need be carried, and that lamp shall be attached to the off or right hand side of the vehicle; and

(ii) subject to the provisions of the next following section, a lamp showing a red light to the rear need not be carried.

8.—(1) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this Act, where a vehicle on a road during the hours of darkness carries a load overhanging laterally on any side more than twelve inches from the centre of the outermost of the lamps showing a white light to the front on that side, the vehicle shall carry, in substitution for or in addition to that lamp, a lamp showing to the front a white light visible from a reasonable distance and in such a position that no part of the load overhangs laterally more than twelve inches beyond a vertical line through the centre of the substituted or additional lamp.

(2) Where a vehicle on a road during the hours of darkness carries a load projecting to the rear more than three and a half feet behind its tail lamp, the vehicle shall carry a rear lamp in

Hone-drawn

agricultural

vehicles.

Vehicles carrying overhanging or projecting loads.

534

Ch. 51

Road Transport Lighting A, 1957 5 & 6 ELiz. 2

such a position that no part of the load projects to the rear more than three and a half feet behind that rear lamp;

Provided that the Minister may by regulations direct that in relation to vehicles of any prescribed class or description this subsection shall have effect with the substitution, for references to three and a half feet, of references to such longer distance, not being more than six feet, as may be prescribed in respect of vehicles of that class or description.

In this section " rear lamp " means a lamp showing to the rear a red light visible from a reasonable distance.

(3) The Minister may by regulations provide that, subject to any prescribed exceptions, where a vehicle on a road during the hours of darkness carries a load overhanging laterally by more than the prescribed distance (measured from such point as may be specified in the regulations), the vehicle shall carry a rear lamp in the prescribed position to indicate the overhang; and any such regulations may apply to a vehicle otherwise exempted from carrying a rear lamp by the next following section of this Act.

(4) Every rear lamp carried in accordance with this section or regulations made under it shall comply with the prescribed conditions, and shall, subject to the next following subsection, be carried in addition to the tail lamp.

(5) The Minister may by regulations exempt a vehicle caiTying a rear lamp in accordance with this section from carrying a tail lamp or from carrying two tail lamps.

(6) Nothing in paragraph (b) of the last foregoing section shall exempt any implement or vehicle to which that paragraph applies from complying with subsections (2) to (4) of this section or any regulations made under them, but in relation to any such implement or vehicle a reference to the red reflectors required by subsection (2) of section one of this Act shall be substituted for the reference in subsection (2) of this section to the tail lamp.

(7) Subsections (2) to (6) of this section shall come into operation on such date as the Minister may by order prescribe and, until that date, the following provisions of this subsection shall have effect, that is to say, where a vehicle on a road during the hours of darkness carries a load projecting to the rear more than six feet behind any lamp showing a red light to the rear or any red reflector carried in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Act, the vehicle shall carry a rear lamp in substitution for or in addition to the first mentioned lamp or such reflector as aforesaid so that no part of the load projects to the rear more than six feet measured horizontally beyond the substituted or additional lamp.

1957

Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957

Ch. 51

535

9. —(1) In the application of the foregoing provisions of this Act in the case of a vehicle drawing one or more vehicles the following modifications shall apply: —

(a) lamps showing lights to the front need not be carried

on any vehicle being drawn;

(b) lamps showing red lights to the rear need not be carried

on any of the vehicles except the rearmost vehicle;

(c) reflectors facing to the rear need not be carried on any

of the vehicles except the rearmost vehicle or a vehicle more than five feet from the vehicle behind it:

Provided that—

(i) if the distance between any two of the vehicles exceeds

five feet, then as respects any light to be shown to the rear the foremost of the two vehicles, and as respects any light to be shown to the front the rearmost of the two vehicles, shall be required to carry the same lamps as if the one were not drawing the other;

(ii) if a vehicle being drawn or any load carried thereon projects laterally on any side more than twelve inches beyond the outermost of the lamps showing a white light to the front on that side carried by the vehicle by which it is being drawn or by any preceding vehicle which is also being drawn by the same vehicle, the first-mentioned vehicle shall carry on the side on which the vehicle or its load so projects a lamp showing to the front a white light visible from a reasonable distance in such a position that no part of the vehicle or its load projects laterally more than twelve inches beyond a vertical line through the centre of the lamp required to be carried by this proviso.

(2) This section shall have effect subject to the provisions of any regulations made under subsection (3) of the last foregoing section in the case of any vehicles to which those regulations apply.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the distance between two vehicles shall be measured between the nearest points of those vehicles, disregarding the drawbar and any fitting for its attachment.

10. —(1) The Minister may by regulations exempt either wholly, or partly from any of the requirements of the foregoing provisions of this Act—

ia) vehicles while carrying inflammable or explosive goods of a nature specified in the regulations, or when in a place where inflammable or explosive material of a nature so specified is handled or stored, if an application is made for the purpose by any body which in the opinion of the Minister is a body proper to make such an application;

Vehicles towing and being towed.

Powers of exemption and variation of requirements.

536

Ch. 51

Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(b) any vehicles used for naval, military or air force pur-

poses;

(c) vehicles standing or parked on any road with respect

to which a speed limit on the driving of mechanically propelled vehicles is in force by virtue of any enactment, or on any road verge or in any parking place or any stand for hackney carriages;

(d) vehicles drawn or propelled by hand.

(2) The Minister may by regulations add to or vary the requirements of the foregoing provisions of this Act, and require or permit distinctive lamps to be carried displaying lights of such colour and used under such conditions as may be prescribed, in the case of—

(a) vehicles used as public passenger vehicles or any class or

description thereof or as hackney carriages;

(b) vehicles used for naval, military, air force or police pur-

poses, or as ambulances, or for any other special purposes mentioned in the regulations,

and where distinctive lamps are so required or permitted, to prohibit similar lamps being carried by any other vehicles.

(3) Without prejudice to the powers conferred by the foregoing provisions of this section, the Minister may by regulations exempt, either wholly or partly, from the requirements of section one of this Act, in so far as they relate to the carrying of red reflectors, vehicles of any particular class or description.

(4) Regulations under any of the foregoing provisions of this Act granting exemptions from any of the requirements thereof—

(a) may grant exemptions from any such requirement in

such cases as may be specified in the regulations and subject to such conditions as may be specified in or under the regulations; and

(b) may make different provision as respects different

areas, as respects different classes or descriptions of vehicles or as respects the same class or description of vehicles in different circumstances.

(5) For the purposes of this Act, a mechanically propelled vehicle being—

(a) an implement for cutting grass which is controlled by a

pedestrian and is not capable of being used or adapted for any other purpose, or

(b) any other vehicle controlled by a pedestrian being a

vehicle of a description specified for the purposes of

1957

Road Transport Lighting , 1957

Ch. 51

537

this section and of section fifty of the Road Traffic Act,

1956, by regulations made by the Minister, shall be treated as a vehicle propelled by hand, and in this subsection " controlled by a pedestrian " means that the implement or vehicle either—

(i) is constructed or adapted for use only under such

control; or

(ii) is constructed or adapted for use either under such con-

trol or under the control of a person carried on it but is not for the time being in use under, or proceeding under, the control of a person carried on it.

Regulations under this subsection shall not have effect unless approved by resolution of each House of Parliament

11.—(1) The Minister may by regulations provide that subject Power to to any exemptions prescribed by the regulations,—

(a) where the length of a vehicle, or the overall length of reqiiS«ments

two or more vehicles of which one is drawing the other for vehicles or others, inclusive of any load on the vehicle oroverpres-vehicles, exceeds a length so prescribed, the vehicle or vehicles shall when on a road during the hours of ana darkness carry such lamps or reflectors each showing a light or as the case may be facing, to the side as may be so prescribed;

(b) a vehicle constructed or adapted so as to be drawn

by another vehicle shall when on a road during the hours of darkness carry such lamps each showing a light to the front or die side, or both, as may be prescribed;

and any such regulations may prescribe the conditions with which lamps or reflectors carried on a vehicle in pursuance of the regulations must comply and the position and manner in which they are to be attached, and may make different provision in respect of vehicles of different classes or descriptions, or in respect of vehicles of the same class or description in different circumstances.

(2) Any lamps or reflectors required to be carried by virtue of this section shall be carried in addition to, and not instead of, those required to be carried by or by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Act, and accordingly any such lamps or reflectors shall for the purposes of those provisions and in particular section two of this Act and for the purposes of section eight of the Road Traffic Act, 1934, be treated as not showing a light to the front or to the rear.

(3) References in the foregoing provisions of this Act to regulations made under this Act shall be construed as excluding references to regulations made under this section, and subsection

(1) of section four of this Act shall not apply in relation to any requirement imposed by virtue of this section.

538

Ch. 51

Road Transport Lighting A, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Offences.

Regulations.

Fines.

12. —(1) If any person causes or permits any vehicle to be on any road in contravention of any of the provisions of this Act or of regulations made thereunder, or otherwise fails to comply with any of those provisions, he shall be liable on summary conviction in the case of a first offence to a fine not exceeding five pounds and in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds:

Provided that it shall be a defence for a person driving or being in charge of a vehicle who is charged with an offence under this subsection to prove to the satisfaction of the court that the offence arose through the negligence or default of some other person whose duty it was to provide the vehicle with any lamp or reflector.

(2) If any person sells, or offers for sale, any appliance adapted for use as a reflector to be carried on a vehicle in accordance with the provisions of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder, not being a reflector which complies with the conditions prescribed under this Act for a class or description of vehicles for which the appliance is adapted, he shall be liable on summary conviction, in the case of a first offence, to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(3) The following enactments, that is to say—

(a) subsection (3) of section one hundred and thirteen of the Road Traffic Act, 1930 (which gives power to obtain information as to identity of the driver of a vehicle who is alleged to have committed an offence under that Act), as amended by section thirty-two of the Road Traffic Act, 1956, and (b) subsection (2) of section forty-one of the Criminal Justice Act, 1948 (which provides for proof, in proceedings for certain traffic offences, of admissions as to the identity of the driver or owner of a vehicle),

shall apply to offences under this Act.

13. —(1) Any power to make regulations or orders conferred by this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument

(2) Any statutory instrument containing regulations made under this Act, except regulations made under subsection (5) of section ten thereof, shall be liable to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

14. Any sum paid to the Secretary of State in pursuance of section twenty-seven of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, in respect of a fine recovered under this Act shall be deemed to be Exchequer moneys within the meaning of that section and shall be paid by the Secretary of State into the Exchequer.

1957

Road Transport Lighting , 1957

Ch. 51

539

15. This Act shall apply to vehicles and persons in the public service of the Crown, and in the case of any such vehicle the person whom the department in whose service the vehicle is used names as the person actually responsible shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be die person who causes or permits the vehicle to be on the road.

16. This Act shall not apply to railway locomotives, carriages and trucks or to tramcars.

17. For the purposes of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,—

" agriculture " includes the use of land as meadow land or pasture land, or orchard land or for market gardens or allotments, but does not include the use of land as woodlands, and the expression " agricultural " shall be construed accordingly;

" hours of darkness " means the time between half-an-hour after sunset and half-an-hour before sunrise;

44 invalid carriage " means a mechanically propelled vehicle the weight of which unladen does not exceed five hundredweight, and which is specially designed and constructed (and not merely adapted) for the use of persons suffering from some physical defect or disability and is used solely by such persons;

44 public passenger vehicle " means a vehicle (other than a tramcar) carrying passengers for hire or reward on roads;

44 prescribed99 means prescribed by regulations;

44 road " means any highway and any other road to which the public has access;

44 tail lamp " means, in relation to any vehicle, any lamp carried attached to the vehicle for the purpose of showing a red light to the rear in accordance with paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act or regulations under this Act;

44 tramcar " includes any carriage used on any road by virtue of an order made under the Light Railways Act, 1896;

44 vehicle " means a vehicle of any description and includes a machine or implement of any kind drawn or propelled along roads whether by animal or mechanical power.

Application to Crown.

Saving for railway locomotives, etc. and tramcars.

Interpretation.

540 Ch. 51 Road Transport Lighting , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Application to Scotland. 18.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for the purpose of the application of this Act to Scotland. (2) Any offence against this Act may be prosecuted in any court of summary jurisdiction within the meaning of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954, having jurisdiction in the place where the offence was committed. (3) All fines imposed in respect of offences under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer in the same manner as penalties and forfeitures recovered under or in pursuance of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, and in accordance with such directions as may be contained in any Order in Council made under that Act (4) Section twelve of this Act shall have effect as if paragraph (b) of subsection (3) thereof were omitted.

Temporary modifications in relation to certain vehicles. 19.—(1) In relation to vehicles in respect of which section two of the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1953, is not in force by virtue of the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1953 (Commencement No. 1) Order, 1954, at the commencement of this Act, that is to say— (i a) existing public service vehicles within the meaning of the said Order of 1954, and (b) mechanically propelled vehicles or trailers within the meaning of the said Order of 1954 brought temporarily into Great Britain by persons resident outside the United Kingdom, this Act shall have effect subject to the modifications mentioned in the next following subsection until such day as the Minister may by order prescribe, and the Minister may, if he thinks fit, prescribe different days for those modifications to cease to have effect in respect of different classes or descriptions of those vehicles, or may postpone or defer the cesser of those modifications in respect of any particular class or description of those vehicles. (2) The modifications referred to in the foregoing subsection are— (a) in section one of this Act, in paragraph (b) of subsec- tion (1), for the words " two lamps, each ", there shall be substituted the words "one lamp", and, in the part of that subsection which follows that paragraph, for the words " in a clean and efficient condition " there shall be substituted the words "in efficient condition ", (b) in section five, paragraph (a) of subsection (2) shall be omitted, (c) in section six, subparagraph (i) of paragraph (b) shall be omitted, and

1957

Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957

Ch. 51

541

() in section nine, in paragraph (b), for the words " lamps showing red lights " there shall be substituted the words " a lamp showing a red light

(3) The power to make regulations conferred by paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section five of this Act may, notwithstanding paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection, be exercised, in relation to any vehicles as respects which for the time being the modifications specified in the last foregoing subsection have effect, at any time before those modifications cease to have effect in relation to those vehicles, but so that the regulations shall not come into force with respect to vehicles of any class or description before the modifications cease to have effect with respect to vehicles of that class or description.

20. In section fifty of the Road Traffic Act, 1956 (which, subject to the repeal of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of the said section fifty made by the next following section of this Act, provides that certain vehicles specified for the purposes of that section by regulations made by the Minister shall be treated for the purposes of the Road Traffic Acts, 1930 to 1956, as not being motor vehicles, and, for the purposes of the Road Transport Lighting Acts, 1927 to 1953, as being vehicles propelled by hand) in paragraph (b) of subsection (2), there shall be inserted after the words " for the purposes of this section " the words " and of subsection (5) of section ten of the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957

21. —(1) The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect any order or regulation made or anything done under any enactment repealed by this Act, but any such order, regulation or thing which is in force at the commencement of this Act shall continue in force so far as it could have been made or done under the corresponding provision of this Act and shall have effect as if it had been made or done under that corresponding provision.

(3) Any enactment or other document referring, whether specifically or by means of a general description, to an Act or enactment repealed by this Act shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as referring to this Act or the corresponding enactment therein.

(4) For the purpose of determining the maximum amount of a fine which may be imposed on a person in respect of an offence under any provision of this Act, an offence committed by him under the corresponding enactment repealed by this Act shall be deemed to have been committed under that provision.

(5) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be taken as prejudicing the operation of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

Consequential amendment of Road Traffic Act, 1956.

Repeals, transitional provisions and savings.

542

Ch. 51

Road Transport Lighting A, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Short title, extent and commencement.

Section 21.

22.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1957.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of one month beginning with the date of its passing.

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 37. The Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927. The whole Act

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 17. The Finance Act, 1928 Section twenty-eight.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50. The Road Traffic Act, 1934... In section nineteen, subsection (2).

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 8. The Road Transport Lighting (Cycles) Art, 1945. The whole Art.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 21. The Road Transport Lighting Act, 1953. The whole Art.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 22. The Road Transport Lighting (No. 2) Act, 1953. The whole Act

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 67. The Road Traffic Art, 1956... 1 In section thirty-two, the words " offences under the Road Transport Lighting Acts, 1927 to 1953 section forty-one; in section fifty, in subsection (1), paragraph (5); in the Eighth Schedule, in paragraph 6, sub-paragraphs (1), (2) and (4), and paragraphs 7 and 8.

COO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Interpretation Art, 1889 Light Railways Art, 1896 Road Traffic Art, 1930 Road Traffic Art, 1934 Criminal Justice Art, 1948 Vehicles (Excise) Art, 1949 Justices of the Peace Art, 1949 Road Transport Lighting Art, 1953 Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Art, 1954 Road Traffic Art, 1956 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63. 59 & 60 Vict. c. 48. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43. 24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50. 11 & 12 Geo. 6.C.58. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 89. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101. 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 21. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 48. 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 67.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

543

CHAPTER 52

Geneva Conventions , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Punishment of offenders against conventions

Section

1. Grave breaches of scheduled conventions.

Provisions as to certain legal proceedings

2. Notice of trial of protected persons to be served on protecting power,

etc.

3. Legal representation of certain persons.

4. Appeals by protected persons.

5. Reduction of sentence and custody of protected persons.

Prevention of abuse of Red Cross and other emblems

6. Use of Red Cross and other emblems.

General

7. Interpretation.

8. Short title and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Geneva Convention for the amelioration of the condition of the wounded and sick in armed forces in the field. Second Schedule—Geneva Convention for the amelioration of the condition of wounded, sick and shipwrecked members of armed forces at sea.

Third Schedule—Geneva Convention relative to the treatment of prisoners of war.

Fourth Schedule—Geneva Convention relative to the protection of civilian persons in time of war.

An Act to enable effect to be given to certain international conventions done at Geneva on the twelfth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-nine, and for purposes connected therewith.

[31st July, 1957]

WHEREAS, with a view to the ratification by Her Majesty of the conventions set out in the Schedules to this Act, it is expedient to make certain amendments in the law:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Punishment of offenders against conventions

1.—(1) Any person, whatever his nationality, who, whether in Grave or outside the United Kingdom, commits, or aids, abets or pro- breaches of cures the commission by any other person of, any such grave scheduled breach of any of the scheduled conventions as is referred to in conventJons-

544

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

the following articles respectively of those conventions, that is to say—

(a) article 50 of the convention set out in the First Schedule

to this Act;

(b) article 51 of the convention set out in the Second

Schedule to this Act;

(c) article 130 of the convention set out in the Third

Schedule to this Act; or

(d) article 147 of the convention set out in the Fourth Schedule to this Act,

shall be guilty of felony and on conviction thereof—

(i) in the case of such a grave breach as aforesaid involving

the wilful killing of a person protected by the convention in question, shall be sentenced to imprisonment for life;

(ii) in the case of any other such grave breach as aforesaid,

shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding fourteen years.

(2) In the case of an offence under this section committed outside the United Kingdom, a person may be proceeded against, indicted, tried and punished therefor in any place in the United Kingdom as if the offence had been committed in that place, and the offence shall, for all purposes incidental to or consequential on the trial or punishment thereof, be deemed to have been committed in that place.

(3) Neither a court of quarter sessions nor, in Scotland, the sheriff shall have jurisdiction to try an offence under this section, and proceedings for such an offence shall not be instituted in England except by or on behalf of the Director of Public Prosecutions or in Northern Ireland without the consent of the Attorney General for Northern Ireland.

(4) If in proceedings under this section in respect of a grave breach of any of the scheduled conventions any question arises under article 2 of that convention (which relates to the circumstances in which the convention applies), that question shall be determined by the Secretary of State and a certificate purporting to set out any such determination and to be signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State shall be received in evidence and be deemed to be so signed without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(5) The enactments relating to the trial by court-martial of persons who commit civil offences shall have effect for the purposes of the jurisdiction of courts-martial convened in the United Kingdom as if this section had not been passed.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

545

Provisions as to certain legal proceedings

2.—(1) The court before which—

(a) a protected prisoner of war is brought up for trial for

any offence; or

(b) a protected internee is brought up for trial for an offence

for which that court has power to sentence him to death or to imprisonment for a term of two years or more,

shall not proceed with the trial until it is proved to the satisfaction of the court that a notice containing the particulars mentioned in the next following subsection, so far as they are known to the prosecutor, has been served not less than three weeks previously on the protecting power and, if the accused is a protected prisoner of war, on the accused and the prisoners' representative.

(2) The particulars referred to in the foregoing subsection are—

(a) the full name and description of the accused, including

the date of his birth and his profession or trade, if any, and, if the accused is a protected prisoner of war, his rank and army, regimental, personal or serial number;

(b) his place of detention, internment or residence;

(c) the offence with which he is charged; and

() the court before which the trial is to take place and the • time and place appointed for the trial.

(3) For the purposes of this section a document purporting—

(a) to be signed on behalf of the protecting power or by the

prisoners' representative or by the person accused, as the case may be; and

(b) to be an acknowledgment of the receipt by that power,

representative or person on a specified day of a notice described therein as a notice under this section,

shall, unless the contrary is shown, be sufficient evidence that the notice required by subsection (1) of this section was served on that power, representative or person on that day.

(4) In this section the expression " prisoners’ representative " in relation to a particular protected prisoner of war at a particular time means the person by whom the functions of prisoners’ representative within the meaning of article 79 of the convention set out in the Third Schedule to this Act were exercisable in relation to that prisoner at the camp or place at which that prisoner was, at or last before that time, detained as a protected prisoner of war.

s

Notice of trial of protected persons to be served on protecting power, etc.

546

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(5) Any court which adjourns a trial for the purpose of enabling the requirements of this section to be complied with may, notwithstanding anything in any other enactment, remand the accused for the period of the adjournment.

Legal

representation of certain persons.

3.—(1) The court before which—

(a) any person is brought up for trial for an offence under

section one of this Act; or

(b) a protected prisoner of war is brought up for trial for

any offence, shall not proceed with the trial unless—

(i) the accused is represented by counsel; and

(ii) it is proved to the satisfaction of the court that a period

of not less than fourteen days has elapsed since instructions for the representation of the accused at the trial were first given to the solicitor by whom that counsel was instructed, and if the court adjourns the trial for the purpose of enabling the requirements of this subsection to be complied with, then, notwithstanding anything in any other enactment, the court may remand the accused for the period of the adjournment

(2) Where the accused is a protected prisoner of war, in the absence of counsel accepted by the accused as representing him, counsel instructed for the purpose on behalf of the protecting power shall, without prejudice to the requirements of paragraph (ii) of the foregoing subsection, be regarded for the purposes of that subsection as representing the accused.

(3) If the court adjourns the trial in pursuance of subsection

(1) of this section by reason that the accused is not represented by counsel, the court shall direct that a solicitor and counsel be assigned to watch over the interests of the accused at any further proceedings in connection with the offence, and at any such further proceedings, in the absence of counsel either accepted by the accused as representing him or instructed as mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, counsel assigned in pursuance of this subsection shall, without prejudice to the requirements of paragraph (ii) of the said subsection (1), be regarded for the purposes of that subsection as representing the accused.

(4) In relation to any proceedings before a court before which the accused may be heard by a solicitor, the foregoing provisions of this section shall be construed, with any necessary modifications, as if references therein to counsel were references to counsel or a solicitor; and for the purposes of any such proceedings the court in giving a direction under the last foregoing subsection may, if the court is satisfied that the nature of the charge and the interests of justice do not require that the interests of the accused should be watched over by counsel, direct that a solicitor only shall be assigned as mentioned in that subsection.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

547

(5) A solicitor or counsel shall be assigned in pursuance of subsection (3) of this section in such manner as Her Majesty may by Order in Council prescribe, and any solicitor or counsel so assigned shall be entitled to be paid by the Secretary of State out of moneys provided by Parliament such sums in respect of fees and disbursements as the Secretary of State may by regulations made by statutory instrument prescribe.

4.—(1) Where a protected prisoner of war or a protected internee has been sentenced to death or to imprisonment for a term of two years or more, the time within which he must give notice of appeal or notice of his application for leave to appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal, the High Court of Justiciary, or the Court of Criminal Appeal in Northern Ireland, as the case may be, shall, notwithstanding anything in the enactments relating to such appeals, be the period from the date of his conviction or, in the case of an appeal against sentence, of his sentence to the expiration of ten days after the date on which he receives a notice given—

(a) in the case of a protected prisoner of war, by an officer of Her Majesty's forces;

(b) in the case of a protected internee, by or on behalf of the governor of the prison in which he is confined,

that the protecting power has been notified of his conviction and sentence; and in a case to which the foregoing provisions of this subsection apply, a reference to the period aforesaid shall be substituted for any reference to the period of ten days after the date of conviction in subsection (1) of section six of the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907, or subsection (1) of section five of the Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act, 1930 (which relate to the revesting and restitution of property on conviction).

(2) Where after an appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal or to the Court of Criminal Appeal in Northern Ireland the sentence on a protected prisoner of war or a protected internee remains a sentence of death, or remains or has become a sentence of imprisonment for a term of two years or more, the time within which he must apply to the Attorney General or, as the case may be, to the Attorney General for Northern Ireland for a certificate authorising an appeal to the House of Lords from the decision of the Court of Criminal Appeal in question shall, instead of being a period of seven days from the date when the decision of the court was given, be a period from that date to seven days after the date when the convicted person receives a notice given as mentioned in paragraph (a) or, as the case may be, paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection that the protecting power has been notified of the decision of the court.

s 2

Appeals by

protected

persons.

7Edw. 7.C.23. 20 A 21 Geo. 5. c. 45.

548

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

14 & 15 Geo. c.46.

3&4E1JZ. 2. c. 18.

Reduction of sentence and custody of protected persons.

i. (3) In relation to a protected prisoner of war, the Courts-* Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951, shall have effect as if—

(a) the expression " army court-martial " therein included

a prisoner of war court-martial constituted under a Royal Warrant governing the maintenance of discipline among prisoners of war;

(b) a reference to such a Royal Warrant as aforesaid were

substituted—

(i) for any reference in section six of the said Act of 1951 to the relevant Act;

(ii) for the reference in subsection (4) of the said section six to section one hundred and sixteen of the Army Act, 1955;

(iii) for the reference in subsection (5) of the said section six to the Army Act, 1955; and

(iv) for the reference in section eighteen of the said Act of 1951 to the enactment relating to the revision of the finding or sentence of an army court-martial; and

(c) the proviso to subsection (1) of section fourteen of

the said Act of 1951 were omitted; and the last foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to the Courts-Martial Appeals Court as it applies in relation to the Court of Criminal Appeal but with the substitution for the words " seven days " in both places where they occur in that subsection of the words " fourteen days ".

5.—(1) It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State or, in Northern Ireland, the Minister of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland, in any case in which a protected prisoner of war or a protected internee is convicted of an offence and sentenced to a term of imprisonment, to direct that there shall be deducted from that term a period not exceeding the period, if any, during which that person was in custody in connection with that offence, either on remand or after committal for trial (including the period of the trial), before the sentence began, or is deemed to have begun, to run.

(2) It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State or, in Northern Ireland, the Minister aforesaid, in a case where he is satisfied that a protected prisoner of war accused of an offence has been in custody in connection with that offence, either on remand or after committal for trial (including the period of the trial), for an aggregate period of not less than three months, to direct that the prisoner shall be transferred from that custody to the custody of an officer of Her Majesty’s forces and thereafter remain in military custody at a camp or place in which protected prisoners of war are detained, and be brought before the court at the time appointed by the remand or committal order.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

549

Prevention of abuse of Red Cross and other emblems

6.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall not Use of Red be lawful for any person, without the authority of the Army Cross and Council, to use for any purpose whatsoever any of the following other "^lems. emblems or designations, that is to say—

(a) the emblem of a red cross with vertical and horizontal

arms of the same length on, and completely surrounded by, a white ground, or the designation " Red Cross " or " Geneva Cross ";

(b) the emblem of a red crescent moon on, and completely

surrounded by, a white ground, or the designation "Red Crescent";

(c) the following emblem in red on, and completely sur-

rounded by, a white ground, that is to say, a lion passing from right to left of, and with its face turned towards, the observer, holding erect in its raised right forepaw a scimitar, with, appearing above the lion’s back, the upper half of the sun shooting forth rays, or the designation " Red Lion and Sun

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall not be lawful for any person, without the authority of the Board of Trade, to use for any purpose whatsoever—

(a) any design consisting of a white or silver cross with

vertical and horizontal arms of the same length on, and completely surrounded by, a red ground, being the heraldic emblem of the Swiss Confederation, or any other design so nearly resembling that design as to be capable of being mistaken for that heraldic emblem;

(b) any design or wording so nearly resembling any of the

emblems or designations specified in the foregoing subsection as to be capable of being mistaken for, or, as the case may be, understood as referring to, one of those emblems.

(3) If any person contravenes the foregoing provisions of this section he shall be guilty of an offence and be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds and to forfeit any goods upon or in connection with which the emblem, designation, design or wording was used.

(4) In the case of a trade mark registered before the passing of this Act, the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply by reason only of its consisting of or containing a design or wording which reproduces or resembles an emblem or designation specified in paragraph (b)or (c) of subsection (1) of this section; and where a person is charged with using such a design or wording for any purpose and it is proved that he used

it otherwise than as, or as part of, a trade mark registered as aforesaid, it shall be a defence for him to prove—

550

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 56.

1 &2 Geo. 5. c. 20.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 15.

Interpretation.

(a) that he lawfully used that design or wording for that purpose before the passing of tins Act; or

(b) in a case where he is charged with using the design or

wording upon goods, that the design or wording had been applied to the goods before he acquired them by some other person who had manufactured or dealt with the goods in the course of trade and who lawfully used the design or wording upon similar goods before the passing of this Act.

(5) Where an offence under this section committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of any director, manager, secretary or other officer of the body corporate, or any person purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as the body corporate, shall be deemed to be guilty of the offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly, and in this subsection the expression " director ", in relation to any body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by the members thereof, means a member of that body.

(6) It is hereby declared that this section extends to the use in or outside the United Kingdom of any such emblem, designation, design or wording as is referred to in subsection (1) or (2) thereof on any British ship or aircraft, not being a ship or aircraft registered in any country mentioned in subsection (3) of section one of the British Nationality Act, 1948.

(7) Proceedings under this section shall not be instituted in England except by or on behalf of the Director of Public Prosecutions or in Northern Ireland without the consent of the Attorney General for Northern Ireland.

(8) The authority of the Board of Trade under this section may be given by the President of the Board, any Minister of State with duties concerning the affairs of the Board, any secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Boards

(9) The Geneva Convention Act, 1911, and the Geneva Convention Act, 1937, shall cease to have effect except in so far as they form part of the law of any territory outside the United Kingdom.

General

7.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the following meanings respectively, that is to say—

" court " does not include a court-martial;

" enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland;

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

551

"protected internee" means a person protected by the convention set out in the Fourth Schedule to this Act and interned in the United Kingdom;

" protected prisoner of war " means a person protected by the convention set out in the Third Schedule to this Act;

" the protecting power ", in relation to a protected prisoner of war or a protected internee, means the power or organisation which is carrying out, in the interests of the power of which he is a national, or of whose forces he is, or was at any material time, a member, the duties assigned to protecting powers under the convention set out in the Third or, as the case may be. Fourth Schedule to this Act;

"the scheduled conventions" means the conventions set out in the Schedules to this Act.

(2) Save where the context otherwise requires, references in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment

8.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Geneva Conventions Act 1957.

(2) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that any of the provisions of this Act specified in the Order shall extend, subject to such exceptions and modifications, if any, as may be specified in the Order to—

(a) any of the Channel Islands;

(b) the Isle of Man;

(c) any colony;

(d) any country outside Her Majesty’s dominions in which

for the time being Her Majesty has jurisdiction;

ie) any country consisting partly of one or more colonies

and partly of one or more such countries as are mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph.

Short title and extent.

552

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Sections 1,7.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

GENEVA CONVENTION FOR THE AMELIORATION OF THE CONDITION OF THE WOUNDED AND SICK IN ARMED FORCES IN THE FIELD

Geneva, 12 th August, 1949

The undersigned Plenipotentiaries of the Governments represented ait the Diplomatic Conference held at Geneva from 21st April to 12lh August, 1949, for the purpose of revising the Geneva Convention for the Relief of the Wounded and Sick in Armies in the Field of 27th July, 1929, have agreed as follows:

CHAPTER I.—GENERAL PROVISIONS

Article 1

The High Contracting Parties undertake to respect and to ensure respect for fthe present Convention in all circumstances.

Article 2

In addition to the provisions which shall be implemented in peace time, the present Convention shall apply to all cases of declared war or of any other armed conflict which may arise between two or more of the High Contracting Parties, even if the state of war is not recognised by one of them.

The Convention shall also apply to all cases of partial or total occupation of the territory of a High Contracting Party, even if the said occupation meets with no armed resistance.

Although one of the Powers in conflict may not be a party to the present Convention, the Powers who are parties thereto shall remain bound by it in their mutual relations. They shall furthermore be bound by the Convention in relation to the said Power, if the latter accepts and applies the provisions thereof.

Article 3

In the case of armed conflict not of an international character occurring in the territory of one of the High Contracting Parties, each Party to the conflict shall be bound to apply, as a minimum, the following provisions:

(1) Persons taking no active part in the hostilities, including members of armed forces who have laid down their arms and those placed hors de combat by sickness, wounds, detention, or any other cause, shall in all circumstances be treated humanely, without any adverse distinction founded on race, colour, religion or faith, sex. birth or wealth, or any other similar criteria.

To this end, fthe following acts are and shall remain prohibited at any time and in any place whatsoever with respect to the above-mentioned persons:

(a) violence to life and person, in particular, murder of all kinds, mutilation, cruel treatment and torture;

1957

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957

Ch. 52

553

(b) taking of hostages;

(c) outrages upon personal dignity, in particular, humiliating and degrading treatment;

() the passing of sentences and the carrying out of executions without .previous judgment pronounced by a regularly constituted court, affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognised as indispensable by civilised (peoples.

(2) The wounded and sick shall be collected and cared for.

An impartial humanitarian body, such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, may offer its services to the Parties to the conflict.

The Parties to the conflict should further endeavour to bring into force, by means of special agreements, all or part of the other provisions of the present Convention.

The application of the preceding provisions shall not affeot the legal status of the Parties to the conflict.

Article 4

Neutral Powers shall apply by analogy the provisions of the present Convention to the wounded and sick, and to members of the medical personnel and to chaplains of the armed forces of the Parties to the conflict, received or interned in their territory, as well as to dead persons found.

Articlb 5

For the protected persons who have fallen into the hands of the enemy, the present Convention shall apply until their final repatriation.

Article 6

In addition to the agreements expressly provided for in Articles 10. 15, 23, 28, 31, 36, 37 and 52 the High Contracting Parties may conclude other special agreements for all matters concerning which they may deem it suitable to make separate provision. No special agreement shall adversely affect the situation of the wounded and sick, of members of the medical personnel or of chaplains, as defined by die present Convention, nor restrict the rights which it confers upon them.

Wounded and sick, as well as medical personnel and chaplains, shall continue to have the benefit of such agreements as long as the Convention is applicable to them, except where express provisions to the contrary are contained in the aforesaid or in subsequent agreements, or where more favourable measures have been taken with regard to them by one or other of the Parties to the conflict.

Articlb 7

Wounded and sick, as well as members of the medical personnel and chaplains, may in no circumstances renounce in part or in entirety the rights secured to them by the present Convention, and by the special agreements referred to in the foregoing Article, if such there be.

s

1st Sea. —amt.

554

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sea.

—corn.

Article 8

The present Convention shall be applied with the co-operation and under the scrutiny of the Protecting Powers whose duty it is to safeguard the interests of the Parties to the conflict. For this purpose, the Protecting Powers may appoint, apart from their diplomatic or consular staff, delegates from amongst their own nationals or the nationals of other neutral Powers. The said delegates shall be subject to the approval of the Power with which they are to carry out their duties.

The Parties to the conflict shall facilitate to the greatest extent possible the task of the representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers.

The representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers shall not in any case exceed their mission under the present Convention. They shall, in particular, take account of the imperative necessities of security of the State wherein they carry out their duties. Their activities shall only be restricted as an exceptional and temporary measure when this is rendered necessary by imperative military necessities.

Article 9

The provisions of the present Convention constitute no obstacle to the humanitarian activities which the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other impartial humanitarian organisation may, subject to the consent of the Parties to the conflict concerned, undertake for the protection of wounded and sick, medical personnel and chaplains, and for their relief.

Article 10

The High Contracting Parties may at any time agree to entrust to an organisation which offers all guarantees of impartiality and efficacy the duties incumbent on the Protecting Powers by virtue of the present Convention.

When wounded and sick or medical personnel and chaplains do not benefit or cease to benefit, no matter for what reason, by the activities of a Protecting Power or of an organisation provided for in the first paragraph above, the Detaining Power shall request a neutral State, or such an organisation, to undertake the functions performed under the present Convention by a Protecting Power designated by the Parties to a conflict.

If protection cannot be arranged accordingly, the Detaining Power shall request or shall accept, subject to the provisions of this Article, the offer of the services of a humanitarian organisation, such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, to assume the humanitarian functions -performed by Protecting Powers under the present Convention.

Any neutral Power, or any organisation invited by the Power concerned or offering itself for these purposes, shall be required to act with a sense of responsibility towards the Party to the conflict on which persons protected by the oresent Convention depend, and

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

555

shall be required to furnish sufficient assurances that it is in a position to undertake the appropriate functions and to discharge them impartially.

No derogation from the preceding provisions shall be made by special agreements between Powers one of which is restricted, even temporarily, in its freedom to negotiate with the other Power or its allies by reason of military events, more particularly where the whole, or a substantial part, of the territory of the said Power is occupied.

Whenever in the present Convention mention is made of a Protecting Power, such mention also applies to substitute organisations in the sense of the present Article.

Article 11

In cases where they deem it advisable in the interest of protected persons, particularly in cases of disagreement between the Parties to the conflict as to the application or interpretation of the provisions of the present Convention, the Protecting Powers shall lend their good offices with a view to settling the disagreement.

For this purpose, each of the Protecting Powers may, either at the invitation of one Party or on its own initiative, propose to the Parties to the conflict a meeting of their representatives, in particular of the authorities responsible for the wounded and sick, members of medical personnel and chaplains, possibly on neutral territory suitably chosen. The Parties to the conflict shall be bound to give effect to the proposals made to them for this purpose. The Protecting Powers may, if necessary, propose for approval by the Parties to the conflict a person belonging to a neutral Power, or delegated by the International Committee of the Red Cross, who shall be invited to take part in such a meeting.

CHAPTER II.—WOUNDED AND SICK Article 12

Members of the armed forces and other persons mentioned in the following Article who are wounded or sick, shall be respected and protected in all circumstances.

They shall be treated humanely and cared for by the Party to the conflict in whose power they may be, without any adverse distinction founded on sex, race, nationality, religion, political opinions, or any other similar criteria. Any attempts upon their lives, or violence to their persons, shall be strictly prohibited; in particular, they shall not be murdered or exterminated, subjected to torture or to biological experiments; they shall not wilfully be left without medical assistance and care, nor shall conditions exposing them to contagion or infection be created.

Only urgent medical reasons will authorise priority in the order of treatment to be administered.

Women shall be treated with all consideration due to their sex.

The Party to the conflict which is compelled to abandon wounded or sick to the enemy shall, as far as military considerations permit, leave with them a part of its medical personnel and material to assist in their care.

* 2

1st Sol

—cant.

556

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sew. —oont.

Article 13

The present Convention shall apply to the wounded and sick belonging to the following categories:

(1) Members of the armed forces of a Party to the conflict, as well as members of militias or volunteer corps forming part of such armed forces;

(2) Members of other militias and members of other volunteer corps, including those of organised resistance movements, belonging to a Party to the conflict and operating in or outside their own territory, even if this territory is occupied, provided that such militias or volunteer corps including such organised resistance movements, fulfil the following conditions:

(a) that of being commanded by a person responsible for his subordinates;

(b) that of having a fixed distinctive sign recognisable at a distance;

(c) that of carrying arms openly;

id)that of conducting their operations in accordance with the laws and customs of war.

(3) Members of regular armed forces who profess allegiance to

a Government or an authority not recognised by the Detaining Power;

(4) Persons who accompany the armed forces without actually being members 'thereof, such as civil members of military aircraft crews, war correspondents, supply contractors, members of labour units or of services responsible for the welfare of the armed forces, provided that they have received authorisation from the armed forces which they accompany;

(5) Members of crews including masters, pilots and apprentices, of the merchant marine and the crews of civil aircraft of the Parties to the conflict, who do not benefit by more favourable treatment under any other provisions in international law;

(6) Inhabitants of a non-occupied territory who on the approach of the enemy spontaneously take up arms to resist the invading forces, without having had time to form themselves into regular armed units, provided they carry arms openly and respect the laws and customs of war.

Article 14

Subject to the provisions of Article 12, the wounded and sick of a belligerent who fall into enemy hands shall be prisoners of war, and the provisions of international law concerning prisoners of war shall apply to them.

Article 15

At all times, and particularly after an engagement. Parties to the conflict shall, without delay, take all possible measures to search for and collect the wounded and sick, to protect them against pillage and ill-treatment, to ensure their adequate care, and to search for the dead and prevent their being despoiled.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

557

Whenever circumstances permit, an armistice or a suspension of fire shall be arranged, or local arrangements made, to permit the removal, exchange and transport of the wounded left on the battlefield.

Likewise, local arrangements may be concluded between Parties to the conflict for the removal or exchange of wounded and sick from a besieged or encircled area, and for the passage of medical and religious personnel and equipment on their way to that area.

Article 16

Parties to the conflict shall record as soon as possible, in respect of each wounded, sick or dead person of the adverse Party falling into their hands, any particulars which may assist in his identification.

These records should if possible include:

(a) designation of the Power on which he depends;

C b) army, regimental, personal or serial number;

(c) surname;

() first name or names;

(e) date of birth;

(f) any other particulars shown on his identity card or disc;

(g) date and place of capture or death;

(h) particulars concerning wounds or illness, or cause of death.

As soon as possible the above mentioned information shall be forwarded to the Information Bureau described in Article 122 of the Geneva Convention of 12th August, 1949, relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War which shall transmit this information to the Power on which these persons depend through the intermediary of the Protecting Power and of the Central Prisoners of War Agency.

Parties to the conflict shall prepare and forward to each other through the same bureau, certificates of death or duly authenticated lists of the dead. They shall likewise collect and forward through the same bureau one half of a double identity disc, last wills or other documents of importance to the next of kin, money and in general all articles of an intrinsic or sentimental value, which are found on the dead. These articles, together with unidentified articles, shall be sent in sealed packets, accompanied by statements giving all particulars necessary for the identification of the deceased owners, as well as by a complete list of the contents of the parcel.

Article 17

Parties to the conflict shall ensure that burial or cremation of the dead, carried out individually as far as circumstances permit, is preceded by a careful examination and if possible by a medical examination, of the bodies, with a view to confirming death, establishing identity and enabling a report to be made. One half of the double identity disc, or the identity disc itself if it is a single disc, should remain on the body.

Bodies shall not be cremated except for imperative reasons of hygiene or for motives based on the religion of the deceased. In

1st Sgh.

—cont.

558

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

In Sea. case of cremation the circumstances and reasons for cremation shall —com. be stated in detail in the death certificate or on the authenticated list of the dead.

They shall further ensure that the dead are honourably interred, if possible according to the rites of the religion to which they belonged, that their graves are respected, grouped if possible according to the nationality of the deceased, properly maintained and marked so that they may always be found. For this purpose, they shall organise at the commencement of hostilities an Official Graves Registration Service, to allow subsequent exhumations and to ensure the identification of bodies, whatever the site of the graves, and their possible transportation to the home country. These provisions shall likewise apply to the ashes, which shall be kept by the Graves Registration Service until proper disposal thereof in accordance with the wishes of the home country.

As soon as circumstances permit, and at latest at the end of hostilities, these Services shall exchange, through the Information Bureau mentioned in the second paragraph of Article 16, lists showing the exact location and markings of the graves, together with particulars of the dead interred therein.

Article 18

The military authorities may appeal to the charity of the inhabitants voluntarily to collect and care for, under their direction, the wounded and sick, granting persons who have responded to this appeal the necessary protection and facilities. Should the adverse party take or retake control of the area, he shall likewise grant these persons the same protection and the same facilities.

The military authorities shall permit the inhabitants and relief societies, even in invaded or occupied areas, spontaneously to collect and care for wounded or sick of whatever nationality. The civilian population shall respect these wounded and sick, and in particular abstain from offering them violence.

No one may ever be molested or convicted for having nursed the wounded or sick.

The provisions of the present Article do not relieve the occupying Power of its obligations to give both physical and moral care to the wounded and sick.

CHAPTER III—MEDICAL UNITS AND ESTABLISHMENTS

Article 19

Fixed establishments and mobile medical units of the Medical Service may in no circumstances be attacked, but shall at all times be respected and protected by the Parties to the conflict. Should they fall into the hands of the adverse Party, their personnel shall be free to pursue their duties, as long as the capturing Power has not itself ensured the necessary care of the wounded and sick found in such establishments and units.

The responsible authorities shall ensure that the said medical establishments and units are, as far as possible, situated in such a manner that attacks against military objectives cannot imperil their safety.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

559

Article 20

Hospital ships entitled to the protection of the Geneva Convention of 12th August, 1949, for the Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded, Sick and Shipwrecked Members of Armed Forces at Sea, shall not be attacked from the land.

Article 21

The protection to which fixed establishments and mobile medical units of the Medical Service are entitled shall not cease unless they are used to commit, outside their humanitarian duties, acts harmful to the enemy. Protection may, however, cease only after a due warning has been given, naming, in all appropriate cases, a reasonable time-limit and after such warning has remained unheeded.

Article 22

The following conditions shall not be considered as depriving a medical unit or establishment of the protection guaranteed by Article 19:

(1) That the personnel of the unit or establishment are armed,

and that they use the arms in their own defence, or in that of the wounded and sick in their charge.

(2) That in the absence of armed orderlies, the unit or establishment is protected by a picket or by sentries or by an escort.

(3) That small arms and ammunition taken from the wounded

and sick, and not yet handed to the proper service, are found in the unit or establishment.

(4) That personnel and material of the veterinary service are

found in the unit or establishment, without forming an integral part thereof.

(5) That the humanitarian activities of medical units and estab-

lishments or of their personnel extend to the care of civilian wounded or sick.

Article 23

In time of peace, the High Contracting Parties and, after the outbreak of hostilities, the Parties thereto, may establish in their own territory and, if the need arises, in occupied areas, hospital zones and localities so organised as to protect the wounded and sick from the effects of war, as well as the personnel entrusted with the organisation and administration of these zones and localities and with the care of the persons therein assembled.

Upon the outbreak and during the course of hostilities, the Parties concerned may conclude agreements on mutual recognition of the hospital zones and localities they have created. They may for this purpose implement the provisions of the Draft Agreement annexed to the present Convention, with such amendments as they may consider necessary.

The Protecting Powers and the International Committee of the Red Cross are invited to lend their good offices in order to facilitate the institution and recognition of these hospital zones and localities.

1st Sch.

—com.

560

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—con/.

CHAPTER IV.—PERSONNEL

Articlb 24

Medical personnel exclusively engaged in the search for, or the collection, transport or treatment of the wounded or sick, or in the prevention of disease, staff exclusively engaged in the administration of medical units and establishments, as well as chaplains attached to the armed forces, shall be respected and protected in all circumstances.

Article 25

Members of the armed forces specially trained for employment, should the need arise, as hospital orderlies, nurses or auxiliary stretcher-bearers, in the search for or the collection, transport or treatment of the wounded and sick shall likewise be respected and protected if they are carrying out these duties at the time when they come into contact with the enemy or fall into his hands.

Article 26

The staff of national Red Cross societies and that of other voluntary aid societies, duly recognised and authorised by their Governments, who may be employed on the same duties as the personnel named in Article 24, are placed on the same footing as the personnel named in the said Article, provided that the staff of such societies are subject to military laws and regulations.

Each High Contracting Party shall notify to the other, either in time of peace or at the commencement of, or during hostilities, but in any case before actually employing them, the names of the societies which it has authorised, under its responsibility, to render assistance to the regular medical service of its armed forces.

Article 27

A recognised society of a neutral country can only lend the assistance of its medical personnel and units to a Party to the conflict with the previous consent of its own Government and the authorisation of the Party to the conflict concerned. That personnel and those units shall be placed under the control of that Party to the conflict.

The neutral Government shall notify this consent to the adversary of the State which accepts such assistance. The Party to the conflict who accepts such assistance is bound to notify the adverse Party thereof before making any use of it

In no circumstances shall this assistance be considered as interference in the conflict

The members of the personnel named in the first paragraph shall be duly furnished with the identity cards provided for in Article 40 before leaving the neutral country to which they belong.

Article 28

Personnel designated in Articles 24 and 26 who fall into the hands of the adverse Party, shall be retained only in so far as the state of health, the spiritual needs and the number of prisoners of war require.

Personnel thus retained shall not be deemed prisoners of war. Nevertheless they shall at least benefit by all the provisions of the

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

56!

Geneva Convention of 12th August, 1949, relative to the Treatment 1st Sea. of Prisoners of War. Within die framework of the military laws —coni. and regulations of the Detaining Power, and under the authority of its competent service, they shall continue to carry out, in accordance with their professional ethics, their medical and spiritual duties on behalf of prisoners of war, preferably those of the armed forces to which they themselves belong. They shall further enjoy the following facilities for carrying out their medical or spiritual duties:

(a) They shall be authorised to visit periodically the prisoners of war in labour units or hospitals outside the camp. The Detaining Power shall put at their disposal the means of transport required.

(b) In each camp the senior medical officer of the highest rank shall be responsible to the military authorities of the camp for the professional activity of the retained medical personnel. For this purpose, from the outbreak of hostilities, the Parties to the conflict shall agree regarding the corresponding seniority of the ranks of their medical personnel, including those of the societies designated in Article 26.

In all questions arising out of their duties, this medical officer, and the chaplains, shall have direct access to the military and medical authorities of the camp who shall grant them the facilities they may require for correspondence relating to these questions.

(c) Although retained personnel in a camp shall be subject to

its internal discipline, they shall not, however, be required to perform any work outside their medical or religious duties.

During hostilities the Parties to the conflict shall make arrangements for relieving where possible retained personnel, and shah settle the procedure of such relief.

None of the preceding provisions shall relieve the Detaining Power of the obligations imposed upon it with regard to the medical and spiritual welfare of the prisoners of war.

Article 29

Members of the personnel designated in Article 25 who have fallen into the hands of the enemy, shall be prisoners of war, but shall be employed on their medical duties in so far as the need arises.

Articlb 30

Personnel whose retention is not indispensable by virtue of the provisions of Article 28 shall be returned to the Party to the conflict to whom they belong, as soon as a road is open for their return and military requirements permit.

Pending their return, they shall not be deemed prisoners of war. Nevertheless they shall at least benefit by all die provisions of the Geneva Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War of 12th August, 1949. They shall continue to fulfil their duties under the orders of the adverse Party and shall preferably be engaged in the care of the wounded and sick of the Party to the conflict to which they themselves belong.

On their departure, they shall take with them the effects, personal belongings, valuables and instruments belonging to them.

562

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sgh.

—cont.

Article 31

The selection of personnel for return under Article 30 shall be made irrespective of any consideration of race, religion or political opinion, but preferably according -to the chronological order of their capture and their state of health.

As from the outbreak of hostilities. Parties to the conflict may determine by special agreement the percentage of personnel to be retained, in proportion to the number of prisoners and the distribution of the said personnel in the camps.

Article 32

Persons designated in Article 27 who have fallen into the hands of the adverse Party may not be detained.

Unless otherwise agreed, they shall have permission to return to their country, or, if this is not possible, to the territory of the Party to the conflict in whose service they were, as soon as a route for their return is open and military considerations permit.

Pending their release, they shall continue their work under the direction of the adverse Party; they shall preferably be engaged in the care of the wounded and sick of the Party to the conflict in whose service they were.

On their departure, they shall take with them their effects, personal articles and valuables and the instruments, arms and if possible the means of transport belonging to them.

The Parties to the conflict shall secure to this personnel, while in their power, the same food, lodging, allowances and pay as are granted to the corresponding personnel of their armed forces. The food shall in any case be sufficient as regards quantity, quality and variety to keep the said personnel in a normal state of health.

CHAPTER V.—BUILDINGS AND MATERIAL Article 33

The material of mobile medical units of the armed forces which fall into the hands of the enemy, shall be reserved for the care of wounded and sick.

The buildings, material and stores of fixed medical establishments of the armed forces shall remain subject to the laws of war, but may not be diverted from their purpose as long as they are required for the care of wounded and sick. Nevertheless, the commanders of forces in the field may make use of them, in case of urgent military necessity, provided that they make previous arrangements for the welfare of the wounded and sick who are nursed in them.

The material and stores defined in the present Article shall not be intentionally destroyed.

Article 34

The real and personal property of aid societies which are admitted to the privileges of the Convention shall be regarded as private property.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

563

The right of requisition recognised for belligerents by the laws and customs of war shall not be exercised except in case of urgent necessity, and only after the welfare of the wounded and sick has been ensured.

CHAPTER VI.—MEDICAL TRANSPORTS

Article 35

Transports of wounded and sick or of medical equipment shall be respected and protected in the same way as mobile medical units.

Should such transports or vehicles fall into the hands of the adverse Party, they shall be subject to the laws of war, on condition that the Party to the conflict who captures them shall in all cases ensure the care of the wounded and sick they contain.

The civilian personnel and all means of transport obtained by requisition shall be subject to the general rules of international law.

Article 36

Medical aircraft, that is to say, aircraft exclusively employed for the removal of wounded and sick and for the transport of medical personnel and equipment, shall not be attacked, but shall be respected by the belligerents, while flying at heights, times and on routes specifically agreed upon between the belligerents concerned.

They shall bear, clearly marked, the distinctive emblem prescribed in Article 38, together with their national colours, on their lower, upper and lateral surfaces. They shall be provided with any other markings or means of identification that may be agreed upon between the belligerents upon the outbreak or during the course of hostilities.

Unless agreed otherwise, flights over enemy or enemy-occupied territory are prohibited.

Medical aircraft shall obey every summons to land. In the event of a landing thus imposed, the aircraft with its occupants may continue its flight after examination, if any.

In the event of an involuntary landing in enemy or enemy-occupied territory, the wounded and sick, as well as the crew of the aircraft shall be prisoners of war. The medical personnel shall be treated according to Article 24 and the Articles following.

Article 37

Subject to the provisions of the second paragraph, medical aircraft of Parties to the conflict may fly over the territory of neutral Powers, land on it in case of necessity, or use it as a port of call. They shall give the neutral Powers previous notice of their passage over the said territory and obey every summons to alight, on land or water. They will be immune from attack only when flying on routes, at heights and at times specifically agreed upon between the Parties to the conflict and the neutral Power concerned.

The neutral Powers may, however, place conditions or restrictions on the passage or landing of medical aircraft on their territory. Such possible conditions or restrictions shah be applied equally to all Parties to the conflict.

1st Sch.

—cont.

564

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sgh. Unless agreed otherwise between the neutral Power and the —cont. Parties to the conflict, the wounded and sick who are disembarked.

with the consent of the local authorities, on neutral territory by medical aircraft, shall be detained by the neutral Power, where so required by international law, in such a manner that they cannot again take part in operations of war. The cost of their accommodation and internment shall be borne by the Power on which they depend.

CHAPTER VIL—THE DISTINCTIVE EMBLEM

Article 38

As a compliment to Switzerland, the heraldic emblem of the red cross on a white ground, formed by reversing the Federal colours, is retained as the emblem and distinctive sign of the Medical Service of armed forces.

Nevertheless, in the case of countries which already use as emblem, in place of the red cross, the red crescent or the red lion and sun on a white ground, those emblems are also recognised by the terms of the present Convention.

Article 39

Under the direction of the competent military authority, the emblem shall be displayed on the flags, armlets and on all equipment employed in the Medical Service.

Article 40

The personnel designated in Article 24 and in Articles 26 and 27 shall wear, affixed to the left arm, a water-resistant armlet bearing the distinctive emblem, issued and stamped by the military authority.

Such personnel, in addition to the identity disc mentioned in Article 16, shall also carry a special identity card bearing the distinctive emblem. This card shall be water-resistant and of such size that it can be carried in the pocket. It shall be worded in the national language, shall mention at least the surname and first names, the date of birth, the rank and the service number of the bearer, and shall state in what capacity he is entitled to the protection of the present Convention. The card shall bear the photograph of the owner and also either his signature or his finger-prints or both. It shall be embossed with the stamp of the military authority.

The identity card shall be uniform throughout the same armed forces and, as far as possible, of a similar type in the armed forces of the High Contracting Parties. The Parties to the conflict may be guided by the model which is annexed, by way of example, to the present Convention. They shall inform each other, at the outbreak of hostilities, of the model they are using. Identity cards should be made out, if possible, at least in duplicate, one copy being kept by the home country.

In no circumstances may the said personnel be deprived of their insignia or identity cards nor of the right to wear the armlet In case of loss, they shall be entitled to receive duplicates of the cards and to have the insignia replaced.

1957

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957

Ch. 52

565

Article 41

The personnel designated in Article 25 shall wear, but only while carrying out medical duties, a white armlet bearing in its centre the distinctive sign in miniature; the armlet shall be issued and stamped by the military authority.

Military identity documents to be carried by this type of personnel shall specify what special training they have received, the temporary character of the duties they are engaged upon, and their authority for wearing the armlet.

Article 42

The distinctive flag of the Convention shall be hoisted only over such medical units and establishments as are entitled to be respected under the Convention, and only with the consent of the military authorities.

In mobile units, as in fixed establishments, it may be accompanied by the national flag of the Party to the conflict to which the unit or establishment belongs.

Nevertheless, medical units which have fallen into the hands of the enemy shall not fly any flag other than that of the Convention.

Parties to the conflict shall take the necessary steps, in so far as military considerations permit, to make the distinctive emblems indicating medical units and establishments clearly visible to the enemy land, air or naval forces, in order to obviate the possibility of any hostile action.

Article 43

The medical units belonging to neutral countries, which may have been authorised to lend their services to a belligerent under the conditions laid down in Article 27, shall fly, along with the flag of the Convention, the national flag of that belligerent, wherever the latter makes use of the faculty conferred on him by Article 42.

Subject to orders to the contrary by the responsible military authorities, they may, on all occasions, fly their national flag, even if they fall into the hands of the adverse Party.

Article 44

With the exception of the cases mentioned in the following paragraphs of the present Article, the emblem of the Red Cross on a white ground and the words " Red Cross ", or " Geneva Cross " may not be employed, either in time of peace or in time of war, except to indicate or to protect the medical units and establishments, the personnel and material protected by the present Convention and other Conventions dealing with similar matters. The same shall apply to the emblems mentioned in Article 38, second paragraph, in respect of the countries which use them. The national Red Cross societies and other societies designated in Article 26 shall have the right to use the distinctive emblem conferring the protection of the Convention only within the framework of the present paragraph.

Furthermore, national Red Cross (Red Crescent, Red Lion and Sun) societies may, in time of peace, in accordance with their national

1st Sgh. —amt.

566

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. legislation, make use of the name and emblem of the Red Cross for —cont. their other activities which are in conformity with the principles laid down by the International Red Cross Conferences. When those activities are carried out in time of war, the conditions for the use of the emblem shall be such that it cannot be considered as conferring the protection of the Convention; the emblem shall be comparatively small in size and may not be placed on armlets or on the roofs of buildings.

The international Red Cross organisations and their duly authorised personnel shall be permitted to make use, at all times, of the emblem of the Red Cross on a white ground.

As an exceptional measure, in conformity with national legislation and with the express permission of one of the national Red Cross (Red Crescent, Red Lion and Sun) societies, the emblem of the Convention may be employed in time of peace to identify vehicles used as ambulances and to mark the position of aid stations exclusively assigned to the purpose of giving free treatment to the wounded or sick.

CHAPTER VIII.—EXECUTION OF THE CONVENTION

Article 45

Each Party to the conflict, acting through its commanders-in-chief, shall ensure the detailed execution of the preceding Articles, and provide for unforeseen cases, in conformity with the general principles of the present Convention.

Article 46

Reprisals against the wounded, sick, personnel, buildings or equipment protected by the Convention are prohibited.

Article 47

The High Contracting Parties undertake, in time of peace as in time of war, to disseminate the text of the present Convention as widely as possible in their respective countries, and, in particular, to include the study thereof in their programmes of military and, if possible, civil instruction, so that the principles thereof may become known to the entire population, in particular to the armed fighting forces, the medical personnel and the chaplains.

Article 48

The High Contracting Parties shall communicate to one another through the Swiss Federal Council and, during hostilities, through the Protecting Powers, .the official translations of the present Convention, as well as the laws and regulations which they may adopt to ensure the application thereof.

CHAPTER IX.—REPRESSION OF ABUSES AND INFRACTIONS

Article 49

The High Contracting Panties undertake to enact any legislation necessary to provide effective penal sanctions for persons committing, or ordering to be committed, any of the grave breaches of the present Convention defined in the following Article.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

567

Each High Contracting Party shall be under the obligation to 1st Sch. search for persons alleged to have committed, or to have ordered —cons,

to be committed, such grave breaches, and shall bring such persons, regardless of their nationality, before its own courts. It may also, if it prefers, and in accordance with the provisions of its own legislation, hand such persons over for trial to another High Contracting Party concerned, provided such High Contracting Party has made out a prima jade case.

Each High Contracting Party shall take measures necessary for the suppression of all acts contrary to the provisions of the present Convention other than the grave breaches defined in the following Article.

In all circumstances, the accused persons shall benefit by safeguards of proper trial and defence, which shall not be less favourable than those provided by Article 105 and those following of the Geneva Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War of 12th August, 1949.

Article 50 Section 1.

Grave breaches to which the preceding Article relates shall be those involving any of the following acts, if committed against persons or property protected by the Convention: wilful killing, torture or inhuman treatment, including biological experiments, wilfully causing great suffering or serious injury to body or health, and extensive destruction and appropriation of property, not justified by military necessity and carried out unlawfully and wantonly.

Article 51

No High Contracting Party shall be allowed to absolve itself or any other High Contracting Party of any liability incurred by itself or by another High Contracting Party in respect of breaches referred to in the preceding Article.

Article 52

At the request of a Party to the conflict, an enquiry shall be instituted, in a manner to be decided betwen the interested Parties, concerning any alleged violation of the Convention.

If agreement has not been reached concerning the procedure for the enquiry, the Parties should agree on the choice erf an umpire who will decide upon the procedure to be followed.

Once the violation has been established, the Parties to the conflict shall put an end to it and shall repress it with the least possible delay.

Article 53

The use by individuals, societies, firms or companies either public or private, other than those entitled thereto under the present Convention, of the emblem or the designation "Red Cross" or " Geneva Cross ", or any sign or designation constituting an imitation thereof, whatever the object of such use, and irrespective of the date of its adoption, shall be prohibited at all times.

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

By reason of the tribute paid to Switzerland by .the adoption of the reversed Federal colours, and of the confusion which may arise between the arms of Switzerland and the distinctive emblem of the Convention, the use by private individuals, societies or firms, of the arms of the Swiss Confederation, or of marks constituting an imitation, whether as trade-marks or commercial marks, or as parts of such maiks, or for a purpose contrary to commercial honesty, or in circumstances capable of wounding Swiss national sentiment, shall be prohibited ait all times.

Nevertheless, such High Contracting Parties as were not party to the Geneva Convention of 27th July, 1929, may grant to prior users of the emblems, designations, signs or marks designated in the first paragraph, a time limit not to exceed three years from the coming into force of the present Convention to discontinue such use, provided that the said use shall not be such as would appear, in time of war, to confer the protection of the Convention.

The prohibition laid down in .the first paragraph of the present Article shall also apply, without effect on any rights acquired through prior use, to the emblems, and marks mentioned in the second paragraph of Article 38.

Article 54

The High Contracting Parties shall, if their legislation is not already adequate, take measures necessary for the prevention and repression, at all times, of the abuses referred to under Article 53.

FINAL PROVISIONS Article 55

The present Convention is established in English and in French. Both texts are equally authentic.

The Swiss Federal Council shall arrange for official translations of the Convention to be made in the Russian and Spanish languages.

Article 56

The present Convention, which bears the date of this day, is open to signature until 12th February, 1950, in the name of the Powers represented at the Conference which opened at Geneva on 21st April, 1949; furthermore, by Powers not represented at that Conference but which are parties to the Geneva Conventions of 1864, 1906 or 1929 for the Relief of the Wounded and Sick of Armies in the Field.

Article 57

The present Convention shall be ratified as soon as possible and the ratifications shall be deposited at Berne.

A record shall be drawn up of the deposit of each instrument of ratification and certified copies of this record shall be transmitted by the Swiss Federal Council to all the Powers in whose name the Convention has been signed, or whose accession has been notified.

1957

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957

Ch. 52

569

Articlb 58

The present Convention shall come into force six months after not less than two instruments of ratification have been deposited.

Thereafter, it shall come into force for each High Contracting Party six months after the deposit of the instrument of ratification.

Article 59

The present Convention replaces the Conventions of 22nd August, 1864, 6th July, 1906, and 27th July, 1929, in relations between the High Contracting Parties.

Article 60

From the date of its coming into force, it shall be open to any Power in whose name the present Convention has not been signed, to accede to this Convention.

Article 61

Accessions shall be notified in writing to the Swiss Federal Council, and shall take effect six months after the date on which they are received.

The Swiss Federal Council shall communicate the accessions to all the Powers in whose name the Convention has been signed, or whose accession has been notified.

Article 62

The situations provided for in Articles 2 and 3 shall give immediate effect to ratifications deposited and accessions notified by the Parties to the conflict before or after the beginning of hostilities or occupation. The Swiss Federal Council shall communicate by the quickest method any ratifications or accessions received from Parties to the conflict

Article 63

Each of the High Contracting Parties shall be at liberty to denounce the present Convention.

The denunciation shall be notified in writing to the Swiss Federal Council, which shall transmit it to the Governments of all the High Contracting Parties.

The denunciation shall take effect one year after the notification thereof has been made to the Swiss Federal Council. However, a denunciation of which notification has been made at a time when the denouncing Power is involved in a conflict shall not take effect until peace has been concluded, and until after operations connected with release and repatriation of the persons protected by the present Convention have been terminated.

The denunciation shall have effect only in respect of the denouncing Power. It shall in no way impair - the obligations which the Parties to the conflict shall remain bound to fulfil by virtue of the principles of the law of nations, as they result from the usages established among civilised peoples, from the laws of humanity and the dictates of the public conscience.

1st Sch.

—cont.

570

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—cont.

Articlb 64

The Swiss Federal Council shall register the present Convention with die Secretariat of the United Nations. The Swiss Federal Council shall also inform the Secretariat of the United Nations of all ratifications, accessions and denunciations received by it with respect to the present Convention.

In witness whereof the undersigned, having deposited their respective full powers, have signed the present Convention.

Done at Geneva this twelfth day of August, 1949, in the English and French languages. The original shall be deposited in the archives of the Swiss Confederation. The Swiss Federal Council shall transmit certified copies thereof to each of the signatory and acceding States.

[Here follow the signatures and Annexes.]

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

571

SECOND SCHEDULE

Sections 1,7.

CENEVA CONVENTION FOR THE AMELIORATION OF THE CONDITION OF WOUNDED, SICK AND SHIPWRECKED MEMBERS OF ARMED FORCES AT SEA

Geneva, 12th , 1949

The undersigned Plenipotentiaries of the Governments represented at the Diplomatic Conference held at Geneva from 21st April to 12th August, 1949, for the purpose of revising the Xth Hague Convention of 18th October, 1907, for the Adaptation to Maritime Warfare of the Principles of the Geneva Convention of 1906, have agreed as follows:

CHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS Article 1

The High Contracting Parties undertake to respect and to ensure respect for the present Convention in all circumstances.

Article 2

In addition to the provisions which shall be implemented in peace time, the present Convention shall apply to all cases of declared war or of any other armed conflict which may arise between tiwo or more of the High Contracting Parties, even if the state of war is not recognised by one of them.

The Convention shall also apply to all cases of partial or total occupation of the territory of a High Contracting Party, even if the said occupation meets with no armed resistance.

Although one of the Powers in conflict may not be a party to the present Convention, the Powers who are parties thereto shall remain bound by it in their mutual relations. They shall furthermore be bound by the Convention in relation to the said Power, if the latter accepts and applies the provisions thereof.

Article 3

In the case of armed conflict not of an international character occurring in the territory of one of the High Contracting Parties, each Party to the conflict shall be bound to apply, as a minimum, the following provisions:

(1) Persons taking no active part in the hostilities, including members of armed forces who have laid down their arms and those placed hors de , by sickness, wounds,

detention, or any other cause, shall in all circumstances be treated humanely, without any adverse distinction founded on race, colour, religion or faith, sex, birth or wealth, or any other similar criteria.

To this end, the following acts are and shall remain prohibited at any time and in any place whatsoever with respect to the above-mentioned persons:

(a) violence to Hfe and person, in particular, murder of all kinds, mutilation, cruel treatment and torture;

(b) taking of hostages;

572

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch.

—COFit*

(c) outrages upon personal dignity, in particular, humiliating and degrading treatment;

() the passing of sentences and the carrying out of executions without previous judgment pronounced by a regularly constituted court, affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognised as indispensable by civilised peoples.

(2) The wounded, sick and shipwrecked shall be collected and cared for.

An impartial humanitarian body, such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, may offer its services to the Parties to the conflict

The Parties to the conflict should further endeavour to bring into force, by means of special agreements, all or part of the other provisions of the present Convention.

The application of the preceding provisions shall not affect the legal status of the Parties to the conflict.

Article 4

In case of hostilities between land and naval forces of Parties to the conflict, the provisions of the present Convention shall apply only to forces on board ship.

Forces put ashore shall immediately become subject to the provisions of the Geneva Convention of 12th August, 1949, for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field.

Article 5

Neutral Powers shall apply by analogy the provisions of the present Convention to the wounded, sick and shipwrecked, and to members of the medical personnel and to chaplains of the armed forces of the Parties to the conflict received or interned in their territory, as well as to dead persons found.

Article 6

In addition to the agreements expressly provided for in Articles 10, 18, 31, 38, 39, 40, 43 and 53, the High Contracting Parties may conclude other special agreements for all matters concerning which they may deem it suitable to make separate provision. No special agreement shall adversely affect the situation of wounded, sick and shipwrecked persons, of members of the medical personnel or of chaplains, as defined by the present Convention, nor restrict the rights which it confers upon them.

Wounded, sick and shipwrecked persons, as well as medical personnel and chaplains, shall continue to have the benefit of such agreements as long as the Convention is applicable to them, except where express provisions to the contrary are contained in the aforesaid or in subsequent agreements, or where more favourable measures have been taken with regard to them by one or other of the Parties to the conflict

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

573

Article 7

Wounded, sick and shipwrecked persons, as well as members of the medical personnel and chaplains, may in no circumstances renounce in part or in entirety the rights secured to them by the present Convention, and by the special agreements referred to in the foregoing Article, if such there be.

Article 8

The present Convention shall be applied with the co-operation and under the scrutiny of the Protecting Powers whose duty it is to safeguard the interests of the Parties to the conflict. For this purpose, the Protecting Powers may appoint, apart from their diplomatic or consular staff, delegates from amongst their own nationals or the nationals of other neutral Powers. The said delegates shall be subject to the approval of the Power with which they are to carry out their duties.

The Parties to the conflict shall facilitate to the greatest extent possible the task of the representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers.

The representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers shall not in any case exceed their mission under the present Convention. They shall, in particular, take account of the imperative necessities of security of the State wherein they carry out their duties. Their activities shall only be restricted as an exceptional and temporary measure when this is rendered necessary by imperative military necessities.

Article 9

The provisions of the present Convention constitute no obstacle to the humanitarian activities which the International Committeee of the Red Cross or any other impartial humanitarian organisation may, subject to the consent of the Parties to the conflict concerned, undertake for the protection of wounded, sick and shipwrecked persons, medical personnel and chaplains, and for their relief.

Article 10

The High Contracting Parties may at any time agree to entrust to an organisation which offers all guarantees of impartiality and efficacy the duties incumbent on the Protecting Powers by virtue of the present Convention.

When wounded, sick and shipwrecked, or medical personnel and chaplains do not benefit or cease to benefit, no matter for what reason, by the activities of a Protecting Power or of an organisation provided for in the first paragraph above, the Detaining Power shall request a neutral State, or such an organisation, to undertake the functions performed under the present Convention by a Protecting Power designated by the Parties to a conflict.

If protection cannot be arranged accordingly, the Detaining Power shall request or shall accept, subject to the provisions of this Article, the offer of the services of a humanitarian organisation, such as the

2nd Sch. —cont.

574

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Buz. 2

2nd Sch.

—com.

International Committee of the Red Cross, to assume the humanitarian functions performed by Protecting Powers under the present Convention.

Any neutral Power, or any organisation invited by the Power concerned or offering itself for these purposes, shall be required to act with a sense of responsibility towards the Party to the conflict on which persons protected by the present Convention depend, and shall be required to furnish sufficient assurances that it is in a position to undertake the appropriate functions and to discharge them impartially.

No derogation from the preceding provisions shall be made by special agreements between Powers one of which is restricted, even temporarily, in its freedom to negotiate with the other Power or its allies by reason of military events, more particularly where the whole, or a substantial part, of the territory of the said Power is occupied.

Whenever in the present Convention mention is made of a Protecting Power, such mention also applies to substitute organisations in the sense of the present Article.

Article 11

In cases where they deem it advisable in the interest of protected persons, particularly in cases of disagreement between the Parties to the conflict as to the application or interpretation of the provisions of the present Convention, die Protecting Powers shall lend their good offices with a view to settling the disagreement.

For this purpose, each of the Protecting Powers may, either at the invitation of one Party or on its own initiative, propose to the Parties to the conflict a meeting of their representatives, in particular of the authorities responsible for the wounded, sick and shipwrecked, medical personnel and chaplains, possibly on neutral territory suitably chosen. The Parties to the conflict shall be bound to give effect to the proposals made to them for this purpose. The Protecting Powers may, if necessary, propose for approval by the Parties to the conflict, a person belonging to a neutral Power or delegated by the International Committee of the Red Cross, who shall be invited to take part in such a meeting.

CHAPTER II.—WOUNDED, SICK AND SHIPWRECKED

Article 12

Members of the armed forces and other persons mentioned in the following Article, who are at sea and who are wounded, sick or shipwrecked, shall be respected and protected in aH circumstances, it being understood that the term " shipwreck " means shipwreck from any cause and includes forced landings at sea by or from aircraft Such persons shall be treated humanely and cared for by the Parties to the conflict in whose power they may be, without any adverse distinction founded on sex, race, nationality, religion, political opinions, or any other similar criteria. Any attempts upon their lives, or violence to their persons, shall be strictly prohibited; in particular, they shall not be murdered or exterminated, subjected

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

575

to torture or to biological experiments; they shall not wilfully be left without medical assistance and care, nor shall conditions exposing them to contagion or infection be created.

Only urgent medical reasons will authorise priority in the order of treatment to be administered.

Women shall be treated with all consideration due to their sex.

Article 13

The present Convention shall apply to the wounded, sick and shipwrecked at sea belonging to the following categories:

(1) (Members of the aimed forces of a Party to the conflict as well as members of militias or volunteer corps forming part of such aimed forces;

(2) Members of other militias and members of other volunteer

corps, including those of organised resistance movements, belonging to a Party to the conflict and operating in or outside their own territory, even if this territory is occupied, provided that such militias or volunteer corps, including such organised resistance movements, fulfil the following conditions:

(a) that of being commanded by a person responsible for his subordinates;

(b) that of having a fixed distinctive sign recognisable at a distance;

(c) that of carrying arms openly;

() that of conducting their operations in accordance with the laws and customs of war;

(3) Members of regular armed forces who profess allegiance to

a Government or an authority not recognised by the Detaining Power;

(4) Persons who accompany the armed forces without actually being members thereof, such as civil members of military aircraft crews, war correspondents, supply contractors, members of labour units or of services responsible for the welfare of the armed forces, provided that they have received authorisation from the armed forces which they accompany;

(5) Members of crews, including masters, pilots and apprentices,

of the merchant marine and the crews of civil aircraft of the Parties to the conflict, who do not benefit by more favourable treatment under any other provisions <rf international law;

(6) Inhabitants of a non-occupied territory who, on the approach of the enemy, spontaneously take up arms to resist the invading forces, without having had time to form themselves into regular armed units, provided they carry arms openly and respect the laws and customs of war.

2nd Sch.

—cont.

576

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch.

—cont.

Article 14

All warships of a belligerent Party shall have the right to demand that the wounded, sick or shipwrecked on board military hospital ships, and 'hospital ships belonging to relief societies or to private individuals, as well as merchant vessels, yachts and other craft shall be surrendered, whatever their nationality, provided that the wounded and sick are in a fit state to be moved and that the warship can provide adequate facilities for necessary medical treatment.

Article 15

If wounded, sick or shipwrecked persons are taken on board a neutral warship or a neutral military aircraft, it shall be ensured, where so required by international law, that they can take no further part in operations of war.

Article 16

Subject to the provisions of Article 12, the wounded, sick and shipwrecked of a 'belligerent who fall into enemy hands shall be prisoners of war, and the provisions of international law concerning prisoners of war shall apply to them. The captor may decide according to circumstances, whether it is expedient to hold them, or to convey them to a port in the captors own country, to a neutral port or even to a port in enemy territory. In the last case, prisoners of war thus returned to their home country may not serve for the duration of the war.

Article 17

Wounded, sick or shipwrecked persons who are landed in neutral ports with the consent of the local authorities, shall, failing arrangements to the contrary between the neutral and the belligerent Powers, be so guarded by the neutral Power, where so required by international law, that the said persons cannot again take part in operations of war.

The costs of hospital accommodation and internment shall be borne by the Power on whom the wounded, sick or shipwrecked persons depend.

Article 18

After each engagement. Parties to the conflict shall, without delay, take all possible measures to search for and collect the shipwrecked, wounded and sick, to protect them against pillage and ill-treatment, to ensure their adequate care, and to search for the dead and prevent their being despoiled.

Whenever circumstances permit, the Parties to the conflict shall conclude local arrangements for the removal of the wounded and sick by sea from a besieged or encircled area and for the passage of medical and religious personnel and equipment on their way to that area.

Article 19

The Parties to the conflict shall record as soon as possible, in respect of each shipwrecked, wounded, sick or dead person of the adverse

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

577

Party falling into their hands, any particulars which may assist in his identification. These records should if possible include:

(a) designation of the Power on which he depends;

(b) army, regimental, personal or serial number;

(c) surname;

()first name or names;

(e) date of birth;

(f) any other particulars shown on his identity card or disc;

(g) date and place of capture or death;

(h) particulars concerning wounds or illness, or cause of death.

As soon as possible the above mentioned information shall be forwarded to the information bureau described in Article 122 of the Geneva Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War of 12th August, 1949, which shall transmit this information to the Power on which these persons depend through the intermediary of the Protecting Power and of the Central Prisoners of War Agency.

Parties to the conflict shall prepare and forward to each other through the same bureau, certificates of death or duly authenticated lists of the dead. They shall likewise collect and forward through the same bureau one half of the double identity disc, or the identity disc itself if it is a single disc, last wills or other documents of importance to the next of kin, money and in general all articles of an intrinsic or sentimental value, which arp found on the dead. These articles, together with unidentified articles, shall be sent in sealed packets, accompanied by statements giving all particulars necessary for file identification of the deceased owners, as well as by a complete list of the contents of the parcel.

Article 20

Parties to the conflict shall ensure that burial at sea of the dead, carried out individually as far as circumstances permit, is preceded by a careful examination, if possible by a medical examination, of the bodies, with a view to confirming death, establishing identity and enabling a report to be made. Where a double identity disc is used, one half of the disc should remain on the body.

If dead persons are landed, the provisions of the Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of file Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field of 12th August, 1949, shall be applicable.

Article 21

The Parties to the conflict may appeal to the charity of commanders of neutral merchant vessels, yachts or other craft, to take on board and care for wounded, sick or shipwrecked persons, and to collect the dead.

Vessels of any kind responding to this appeal, and those having of their own accord collected wounded, sick or shipwrecked persons, shall enjoy special protection and facilities to carry out such assistance.

They may, in no case, be captured on account of any such transport; but, in the absence of any promise to the contrary, they shall remain liable to capture for any violations of neutrality they may have committed.

T

2nd Sch.

—con/.

578

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sea.

—cont.

CHAPTER III.—HOSPITAL SHIPS Article 22

Military hospital ships, that is to say, ships built or equipped by the Powers specially and solely with a view to assisting the wounded, sick and shipwrecked, to treating them and to transporting them, may in no circumstances be attacked or captured, but shall at all times be respected and protected, on condition that their names and descriptions have been notified to the Parties to the conflict ten days before those ships are employed.

The characteristics which must appear in the notification shall include registered gross tonnage, the length from stem to stem and the number of masts and funnels.

Articlb 23

Establishments ashore entitled to the protection of the Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field of 12th August, 1949, shall be protected from bombardment or attack from the sea.

Article 24

Hospital ships utilised by national Red Cross societies, by officially recognised relief societies or by private persons shall have the same protection as military hospital ships and shall be exempt from capture, if the Party to the conflict on which they depend has given them an official commission and in so far as the provisions of Article 22 concerning notification have been complied with.

These ships must be provided with certificates of the responsible authorities, stating that the vessels have been under their control while fitting out and on departure.

Article 25

Hospital ships utilised by national Red Cross societies, officially recognised relief societies, or private persons of neutral countries shall have the same protection as military hospital ships and shall be exempt from capture, on condition that they have placed themselves under the control of one of the Parties to the conflict, with the previous consent of their own governments and with the authorisation of the Party to the conflict concerned, in so far as the provisions of Article 22 concerning notification have been complied with.

Article 26

The protection mentioned in Articles 22, 24 and 25 shall apply to hospital ships of any tonnage and to their lifeboats, wherever they are operating. Nevertheless, to ensure the maximum comfort and security, the Parties to the conflict shall endeavour to utilise, for the transport of wounded, sick and shipwrecked over long distances and on the high seas only hospital ships of over 2,000 tons gross.

Article 27

Under the same conditions as those provided for in Articles 22 and 24 small craft, employed by the State or by the officially recognised lifeboat institutions for coastal rescue operations, shall also be respected and protected, so far as operational requirements permit.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

579

The same shall apply so far as possible to fixed coastal installations 2nd Sch. used exclusively by these craft for their humanitarian missions. —rout.

Article 28

Should fighting occur on board a warship, the sick-bays shall be respected and spared as far as possible. Sick-bays and their equipment shall remain subject to the laws of warfare, but may not be diverted from their purpose, so long as they are required for the wounded and sick. Nevertheless, the commander into whose power they have fallen may, after ensuring the proper care of the wounded and sick who are accommodated therein, apply them to other purposes in case of urgent military necessity.

Article 29

Any hospital ship in a port which falls into the hands of the enemy shall be authorised to leave the said port

Article 30

The vessels described in Articles 22, 24, 25 and 27 shall afford relief and assistance to the wounded, sick and shipwrecked without distinction of nationality.

The High Contracting Parties undertake not to use these vessels for any military purpose.

Such vessels shall in no wise hamper the movements of the combatants.

During and after an engagement, they will act at their own risk.

Article 31

The Parties to the conflict shall have the right to control and search the vessels mentioned in Articles 22, 24, 25 and 27. They can refuse assistance from these vessels, order them off, make them take a certain course, control the use of their wireless and other means of communication, and even detain them for a period not exceeding seven days from the time of interception, if the gravity of the circumstances so requires.

They may put a commissioner temporarily on board whose sole task shall be to see that orders given in virtue of the provisions of the preceding paragraph shall be carried out.

As far as possible, the Parties to the conflict shall enter in the log of the hospital ship, in a language he can understand, the orders they have given the captain of the vessel.

Parties to the conflict may, either unilaterally or by particular agreements, put on board their ships neutral observers who shall verify the strict observation of the provisions contained in the present Convention.

Article 32

Vessels described in Articles 22, 24, 25 and 27 are not assimilated to warships as regards their stay in a neutral port.

580

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch.

— con

Article 33

Merchant vessels which have been transformed into hospital ships cannot be put to any other use throughout die duration of hostilities.

Article 34

The protection to which hospital ships and sick-bays are entitled shall not cease unless they are used to commit, outside their humanitarian duties, acts harmful to the enemy. Protection may, however, cease only after due warning has been given, naming in all appropriate cases a reasonable time limit, and after such warning has remained unheeded.

In particular, hospital ships may not possess or use a secret code for their wireless or other means of communication.

Article 35

The following conditions shall not be considered as depriving hospital ships or sick-bays of vessels of the protection due to them:

(1) The fact that the crews of ships or sick-bays are armed for

the maintenance of order, for their own defence or that of the sick and wounded.

(2) The presence on board of apparatus exclusively intended to facilitate navigation or communication.

(3) The discovery on board hospital ships or in sick-bays of portable arms and ammunition taken from the wounded, sick and shipwrecked and not yet handed to the proper

service.

(4) The fact that the humanitarian activities of hospital ships

and sick-bays of vessels or of the crews extend to the care of wounded, sick or shipwrecked civilians.

(5) The transport of equipment and of personnel intended exclu-

sively for medical duties, over and above the normal requirements.

CHAPTER IV.—PERSONNEL

Article 36

The religious, medical and hospital personnel of hospital ships and their crews shall be respected and protected; they may not be captured during the time they are in the service of the hospital ship, whether or not there are wounded and sick on board.

Article 37

The religious, medical and hospital personnel assigned to the medical or spiritual care of the persons designated in Articles 12 and 13 shall, if they fall into the hands of the enemy, be respected and protected; they may continue to carry out their duties as long as this is necessary for the care of the wounded and sick. They shall afterwards be sent back as soon as the Commander-in-Chief, under whose authority they are, considers it practicable. They may take with them, on leaving the ship, their personal property.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

581

If, however, it prove necessary to retain some of this personnel owing to the medical or spiritual needs of prisoners of war, everything possible shall be done for their earliest possible landing.

Retained personnel shall be subject, on landing, to the provisions of the Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field of 12th August, 1949.

CHAPTER V.—MEDICAL TRANSPORTS

Article 38

Ships chartered for that (purpose shall be authorised to transport equipment exclusively intended for the treatment of wounded and sick members of armed forces or for the prevention of disease, provided that the particulars regarding .their voyage have been notified to the adverse Power and approved by the latter. The adverse Power shall preserve the right to board the carrier ships but not to capture them nor to seize the equipment carried.

By agreement amongst the Parties to the conflict, neutral observers may be placed on board such ships to verify the equipment carried. For this purpose, free access to the equipment shall be given.

Article 39

Medical aircraft, that is to say, aircraft exclusively employed for the removal of wounded, sick and shipwrecked, and for the transport of medical personnel and equipment, may not be the object of attack, but shall be respected by the Parties to the conflict, while flying at heights, at times and on routes specifically agreed upon between the Parties to die conflict concerned.

They shall be clearly marked with the distinctive emblem prescribed in Article 41, together with their national colours, on their lower, upper and lateral surfaces. They shall be provided with any other markings or means of identification which may be agreed upon between the Parties to the conflict upon the outbreak or during the course of hostilities.

Unless agreed otherwise, flights over enemy or enemy-occupied territory are prohibited.

Medical aircraft shall obey every summons to alight on land or water. In the event of having thus to alight, the aircraft with its occupants may continue its flight after examination, if any.

In the event of alighting involuntarily on land or water in enemy or enemy-occupied territory, the wounded, sick and shipwrecked, as well as the crew of the aircraft shall be prisoners of war. The medical personnel shall be treated according to Articles 36 and 37.

Article 40

Subject to the provisions of the second paragraph, medical aircraft of Parties to the conflict may fly over the territory of neutral Powers, land thereon in case of necessity, or use it as a port of call. They shall give neutral Powers prior notice of their passage over the said territory, and obey every summons to alight, on land or

2nd Sgh. —cont.

582

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. water. They will be immune from attack only when flying on routes,

—cont. at heights and at times specifically agreed upon between the Parties

to the conflict and the neutral Power concerned.

The neutral Powers may, however, place conditions or restrictions on the passage or landing of medical aircraft on their territory. Such possible conditions or restrictions shall be applied equally to all Parties to the conflict.

Unless otherwise agreed between the neutral Powers and the Parties to the conflict, the wounded, sick or shipwrecked who are disembarked with the consent of the local authorities on neutral territory by medical aircraft shall be detained by the neutral Power, where so required by international law, so that they cannot again take part in operations of war. The cost of their accommodation and internment shall be borne by the Power on which they depend.

CHAPTER VI.—THE DISTINCTIVE EMBLEM Article 41

Under the direction of the competent military authority, the emblem of the red cross on white ground shall be displayed on the flags, armlets and on afl equipment employed in the Medical Service.

Nevertheless, in the case of countries which already use as emblem, in place of the red cross, the red crescent or the red lion and sun on a white ground, these emblems are also recognised by the terms of the present Convention.

Article 42

The personnel designated in Articles 36 and 37 shall wear, affixed to the left arm, a water-resistant armlet bearing the distinctive emblem, issued and stamped by the military authority.

Such personnel, in addition to the identity disc mentioned in Article 19, shall also carry a special identity card bearing the distinctive emblem. This card shall be water-resistant and of such size that it can be carried in the pocket. It shall be worded in the national language, shall mention at least the full name, the date of birth, the rank and the service number of the bearer, and shall state in what capacity he is entitled to the protection of the present Convention. The card shall 'bear the photograph of the owner and also either his signature or his finger-prints or both. It shall be embossed with the stamp of the military authority.

The identity card shall be uniform throughout the same armed forces and, as far as possible, of a similar type in the armed forces of the High Contracting Parties. The Parties to the conflict may be guided by the model which is annexed, by way of example, to the present Convention. They shall inform each other, at the outbreak of hostilities, of the modd they are using. Identity cards should be made out. if possible, at least in duplicate, one copy being kept by the home country.

In no circumstances may the said personnel be deprived of their insignia or identity cards nor of the right to wear the armlet In case of loss they shall be entitled to receive duplicates of the cards and to have the insignia replaced.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

583

Article 43

The ships designated in Articles 22, 24, 25 and 27 shall be distinctively marked as follows:

(a) AH exterior surfaces shall be white.

(b) One or more dark red crosses as large as possible shall be painted and displayed on each side of the hull and on the horizontal surfaces, so placed as to afford the greatest possible visibility from the sea and from the air.

AU hospital ships shall make themselves known by hoisting their national flag and further, if they belong to a neutral state, the flag of the Party to the conflict whose direction they have accepted. A white flag with a red cross shall be flown at the mainmast as high as possible.

Lifeboats of hospital ships, coastal lifeboats and all small craft used by the Medical Service shall be painted white with dark red crosses prominently displayed and shall, in general, comply with the identification system prescribed above for hospital ships.

The above-mentioned ships and craft which may wish to ensure by night and in times of reduced visibility the protection to which they are entitled must, subject to the assent of the Party to the conflict under whose power they are, take the necessary measures to render their painting and distinctive emblems sufficiently apparent.

Hospital ships which, in accordance with Article 31 are provisionally detained by the enemy, must haul down the flag of the Party to the conflict in whose service they are or whose direction they have accepted.

Coastal lifeboats, if they continue to operate with the consent of the Occupying Power from a base which is occupied, may be allowed to continue to fly their own national colours along with a flag carrying a red cross on a white ground, when away from their base, subject to prior notification to all the Parties to die conflict concerned.

AH the provisions in this Article relating to the red cross shall apply equally to the other emblems mentioned in Article 41.

Parties to the conflict shall at aU times endeavour to conclude mutual agreements in order to use the most modern methods available to facilitate the identification of hospital ships.

Article 44

The distinguishing signs referred to in Article 43 can only be used, whether in time erf peace or war, for indicating or protecting the ships therein mentioned, except as may be provided in any other international Convention or by agreement between all the Parties to the conflict concerned.

Article 45

The High Contracting Parties shall, if their legislation is not already adequate, take measures necessary for the prevention and repression, at all times, of any abuse of the distinctive signs provided for under Article 43.

2nd Scs.

—con/.

584

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch.

—amt.

CHAPTER VII.—EXECUTION OF THE CONVENTION Article 46

Each Party to the conflict, acting through its Commanders-in-Chief. shall ensure the detailed execution of the preceding Articles, and provide for unforeseen cases, in conformity with the general principles of the present Convention.

Article 47

Reprisals against the wounded, sick and shipwrecked persons, the personnel, the vessels or the equipment protected by the Convention are prohibited.

Article 48

The High Contracting Parties undertake, in time of peace as in time of war, to disseminate the text of the present Convention as widely as possible in their respective countries, and, in particular, to include the study thereof in their programmes of military and, if possible, civil instruction, so that the principles thereof may become known to the entire population, in particular to the armed fighting forces, the medical personnel and the chaplains.

Article 49

The High Contracting Parties shall communicate to one another through the Swiss Federal Council and, during hostilities through the Protecting Powers, the official translations of the present Convention. as well as the laws and regulations which they may adopt to ensure the application thereof.

CHAPTER VIII.—REPRESSION OF ABUSES AND INFRACTIONS

Article 50

The High Contracting Parties undertake to enact any legislation necessary to provide effective penal sanctions for persons committing, or ordering to be committed, any of the grave breaches of the present Convention defined in the following Article.

Each High Contracting Party shall be under the obligation to search for persons alleged to have committed, or to have ordered to be committed, such grave breaches, and shall bring such persons, regardless of their nationality, before its own courts. It may also, if it prefers, and in accordance with the provisions of its own legislation, hand such persons over for trial to another High Contracting Party concerned, provided such High Contracting Party has made out a prima facie case.

Each High Contracting Party shall take measures necessary for the suppression of all acts contrary to the provisions of the present Convention other than the grave breaches defined in the following Article.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

585

In all circumstances the accused persora shall benefit by safeguards 2nd Sch. of proper trial and defence, which shall not be less favourable than —corn.

those provided by Article 105 and those following of the Geneva Convention of 12th August, 1949, relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War.

Article 51 Section t.

Grave breaches to which the preceding Article relates shall be those involving any of the following acts, if committed against persons or property protected by the Convention: wilful killing, torture or inhuman treatment, including biological experiments, wilfully causing great suffering or serious injury to body or health, and extensive destruction and appropriation of property, not justified by military necessity and carried out unlawfully and wantonly.

Article 52

No High Contracting Party shall be allowed to absolve itself or any other High Contracting Party of any liability incurred by itseff or by another High Contracting Party in respect of breaches referred to in the preceding Article.

Article 53

At the request of a Party to the conflict, an enquiry * shall be instituted, in a manner to be decided between the interested Parties, concerning any alleged violation of the Convention.

If agreement has not been reached concerning the procedure for the enquiry, the Parties should agree on the choice of an umpire, who will decide upon die procedure to be followed.

Once the violation has been established, the Parties to the conflict shall put an end to it and shall repress it with the least possible delay.

FINAL PROVISIONS Article 54

The present Convention is established in English and in French. Both texts are equally authentic.

The Swiss Federal Council shall arrange for official translations of the Convention to be made in the Russian and Spanish languages.

Article 55

The present Convention, which bears the date of this day, is open to signature until 12th February, 1950, in the name of the Powers represented at the Conference which opened at Geneva on 21st April, 1949; furthermore, by Powers not represented at that Conference, but which are parties to the Xth Hague Convention of 18th October, 1907 for the adaptation to Maritime Warfare of the principles of the Geneva Convention of 1906, or to the Geneva Conventions of 1864, 1906 or 1929 for the Relief of the Wounded and Sick of Armies in the Field.

T

v^»

586

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. —corn.

Article 56

The present Convention shall be ratified as soon as possible and the ratifications shall be deposited at Berne.

A record shall be drawn up of the deposit of each instrument of ratification and certified copies of this record shall be transmitted by the Swiss Federal Council to all the Powers in whose name the Convention has been signed, or whose accession has been notified.

Article 57

The present Convention shall come into force six months after not less than two instruments of ratification have been deposited.

Thereafter, it shall come into force for each High Contracting Party six months after the deposit of the instrument of ratification.

Article 58

The present Convention replaces the Xth Hague Convention of 18th October, 1907 for the adaptation to Maritime Warfare of the principles of the Geneva Convention of 1906, in relations between the High Contracting Parties.

Article 59

From the date of its coming into force, it shall be open to any Power in whose name the present Convention has not been signed, to accede to this Convention.

Article 60

Accessions shall be notified in writing to the Swiss Federal Council, and shall take effect six months after the date on which they are received.

The Swiss Federal Council shall communicate the accessions to all the Powers in whose name the Convention has been signed, or whose accession has been notified.

Article 61

The situations provided for in Articles 2 and 3 shall give immediate effect to ratifications deposited and accessions notified by the Parties to the conflict before or after the beginning of hostilities or occupation. The Swiss Federal Council shall communicate by the quickest method any ratifications or accessions received from Parties to the conflict

Article 62

Each of the High Contracting Parties shall be at liberty to denounce the present Convention.

The denunciation shall be notified in writing to the Swiss Federal Council, which shall transmit it to the Governments of all the High Contracting Parties.

The denunciation shall take effect one year after the notification thereof has been made to the Swiss Federal Council. However, a denunciation of which notification has been made at a time when

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

587

the denouncing Power is involved in a conflict shall not take effect until peace has been concluded, and until after operations connected with release and repatriation of the persons protected by the present Convention have been terminated.

The denunciation shall have effect only in respect of the denouncing Power. It shall in no way impair the obligations which the Parties to the conflict shall remain bound to fulfil by virtue of the principles of the law of nations, as they result from the usages established among civilised peoples, from the laws of humanity and the dictates of the public conscience.

Article 63

The Swiss Federal Council shall register the present Convention with the Secretariat of the United Nations. The Swiss Federal Council shall also inform the Secretariat of the United Nations of all ratifications, accessions and denunciations received by it with respect to the present Convention.

In witness whereof the undersigned, having deposited their respective full powers, have signed the present Convention.

Done at Geneva this twelfth day of August, 1949, in the English and French languages. The original shall be deposited in the archives of the Swiss Confederation. The Swiss Federal Council shall transmit certified copies thereof to each of the signatory and acceding States.

[Here follow the signatures and Annex.]

T* 2

2nd Sgh.

—cont.

588

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Sections 1, 2, 7. THIRD SCHEDULE

GENEVA CONVENTION RELATIVE TO THE TREATMENT OF PRISONERS OF WAR

Geneva, \2th August, 1949

The undersigned Plenipotentiaries of the Governments represented at the Diplomatic Conference held at Geneva from 21st April, to 12th August, 1949, for the purpose of revising the Convention concluded at Geneva on 27th July, 1929, relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War, have agreed as follows:

PART I.—GENERAL PROVISIONS

Article 1

The High Contracting Parties undertake to respect and to ensure respect for the present Convention in all circumstances.

Article 2

In addition to the provisions which shall be implemented in peace time, the present Convention shall apply to all cases of declared war or of any other armed conflict which may arise between two or more of the High Contracting Parties, even if the state of war is not recognised by one of them.

The Convention shall also apply to all cases of partial or total occupation of the territory of a High Contracting Party, even if the said occupation meets with no armed resistance.

Although one of the Powers in conflict may not be a party to the present Convention, the Powers who are parties thereto shall remain bound by it in their mutual relations. They shall furthermore be bound by the Convention in relation to the said Power, if the latter accepts and applies the provisions thereof.

Articlb 3

In the case of armed conflict not of an international character occurring in the territory of one of the High Contracting Parties, each Party to the conflict shall be bound to apply, as a minimum, the following provisions:

(1) Persons taking no active part in the hostilities, including members of armed forces who have laid down their arms and those placed hors de combat by sickness, wounds, detention, or any other cause, shall in all circumstances be treated humanely, without any adverse distinction founded on race, colour, religion or faith, sex, birth or wealth, or any other similar criteria.

To this end the following acts are and shall remain prohibited at any time and in any place whatsoever with respect to the above-mentioned persons:

(a) violence to life and person, in particular, murder of all kinds, mutilation, cruel treatment and torture;

(b) taking of hostages;

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

589

(c) outrages upon personal dignity, in particular, humiliating and degrading treatment;

()the passing of sentences and the carrying out of executions without previous judgment pronounced by a regularly constituted court affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognised as indispensable by civilised peoples.

(2) The wounded and sick shall be colllected and cared for.

An impartial humanitarian body, such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, may offer its services to the Parties to the conflict.

The Parties to the conflict should further endeavour to bring into force, by means of special agreements, all or part of the other provisions of the present Convention.

The application of the preceding provisions shall not affect the legal status of the Parties to the confliot.

Article 4

A. Prisoners of war, in the sense of the present Convention, are persons belonging to one of the following categories, who have fallen into the power of the enemy:

(1) Members of the armed forces of a Party to the conflict as well as members of militias or volunteer corps forming part of such armed forces;

(2) Members of other militias and members of other volunteer corps, including those of organised resistance movements, belonging to a Party to the conflict and operating in or outside their own territory, even if this territory is occupied, provided that such militias or volunteer corps, including such organised resistance movements, fulfil the following conditions:

(a) that of being commanded by a person responsible for his subordinates;

(b) that of having a fixed distinctive sign recognisable at a distance;

(c) that of carrying arms openly;

() that of conducting their operations in accordance with the laws and customs of war;

(3) Members of regular armed forces who profess allegiance to

a government or an authority not recognised by the Detaining Power;

(4) Persons who accompany the armed forces without actually

being members thereof, such as civil members of military aircraft crews, war correspondents, supply contractors, members of labour units or of services responsible for the welfare of the armed forces, provided that they have received authorisation from the armed forces which they accompany, who shall provide them for that purpose with an identity card similar to the annexed model;

3rd Sch.

—cont.

590

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch.

—cont.

(5) Members of crews, including masters, pilots and appren-

tices of the merchant marine and the crews of civil aircraft of the Parties to the conflict, who do not benefit by more favourable treatment under any other provisions of international law;

(6) Inhabitants of a non-occupied territory, who on the approach of the enemy spontaneously take up arms to resist the invading forces, without having had time to form themselves into regular armed units, provided they carry arms openly and respect the laws and customs of war.

B. The following shall likewise be treated as prisoners of war under the present Convention:

(1) Persons belonging, or having belonged, to the armed forces

of the occupied country, if the occupying Power considers it necessary by reason of such allegiance to intern them, even though it had originally liberated them while hostilities were going on outside the territory it occupies, in particular where such persons have made an unsuccessful attempt to rejoin the armed forces to which they belong and which are engaged in combat, or where they fail to comply with a summons made to them with a view to internment

(2) The persons belonging to one of the categories enumerated

in the present Article, who have been received by neutral or non-belligerent Powers on their territory and whom these Powers are required to intern under international law, without prejudice to any more favourable treatment which these Powers may choose to give and with the exception of Articles 8, 10, 15, 30, fifth paragraph, 58-67, 92, 126 and, where diplomatic relations exist between the Parties to the conflict and the neutral or non-belligerent Power concerned, those Articles concerning the Protecting Power. Where such diplomatic relations exist, the Parties to a conflict on whom these persons depend shall be allowed to perform towards them the functions of a Protecting Power as provided in the present Convention, without prejudice to the functions which these Parties normally exercise in conformity with diplomatic and consular usage and treaties.

C. This Article shall in no way affect the status of medical personnel and chaplains as provided for in Article 33 of the present Convention.

Article 5

The present Convention shall apply to the persons referred to in Article 4 from the time they fall into the power of the enemy and until their final release and repatriation.

Should any doubt arise as to whether persons, having committed a belligerent act and having fallen into the hands of the enemy, belong to any of the categories enumerated in Article 4, such persons shall enjoy the protection of the present Convention until such time as their status has been determined by a competent tribunal.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

591

Article 6

In addition to the agreements expressly provided for in Articles 10, 23, 28, 33, 60, 65, 66. 67, 72. 73. 75, 109, 110, 118, 119, 122 and 132, the High Contracting Parties may conclude other special agreements for all matters concerning which they deem it suitable to make separate provision. No special agreement shall adversely affect the situation of prisoners of war, as defined by the present Convention, nor restrict the rights which it confers upon them.

Prisoners of war shall continue to have the benefit of such agreements as long as the Convention is applicable to them, except where express provisions to the contrary are contained in the aforesaid or in subsequent agreements, or where more favourable measures have been taken with regard to them by one or other of the Parties to the conflict.

Article 7

Prisoners of war may in no circumstances renounce in part or in entirety the rights secured to them by the present Convention, and by the special agreements referred to in the foregoing Article, if such there be.

Article 8

The present Convention shall be applied with the co-operation and under the scrutiny of the Protecting Powers whose duty it is to safeguard the interests of the Parties to the conflict. For this purpose, the Protecting Powers may appoint, apart from their diplomatic or consular staff, delegates from amongst their own nationals or the nationals of other neutral Powers. The said Delegates shall be subject to the approval of the Power with which they are to carry out their duties.

The Parties to the conflict shall facilitate to the greatest extent possible the task of the representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers.

The representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers shall not in any case exceed their mission under the present Convention. They shall, in particular, take account of the imperative necessities of security of the State wherein they carry out their duties.

Article 9

The provisions of the present Convention constitute no obstacle to the humanitarian activities which the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other impartial humanitarian organisation may, subject to the consent of the Parties to the conflict concerned, undertake for the protection of prisoners of war and for their relief.

Article 10

The High Contracting Parties may at any time agree to entrust to an organisation which offers all guarantees of impartiality and efficacy the duties incumbent on the Protecting Powers by virtue of the present Convention.

When prisoners of war do not benefit or cease to benefit, no matter for what reason, by the activities of a Protecting Power or of an

3rd Sch.

—cont.

592

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. organisation provided for in the first paragraph above, thqr Detaining —aw*/. Power shall request a neutral State, or such an organisation, to undertake the functions performed under the present Convention by a Protecting Power designated by the Parties to a conflict

If protection cannot be arranged accordingly, the Detaining Power shall request or shall accept, subject to the provisions of this Article, the offer of the services of a humanitarian organisation, such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, to assume the humanitarian functions performed by Protecting Powers under the present Convention.

Any neutral Power or any organisation invited by the Power concerned or offering itself for these purposes, shall be required to act with a sense of responsibility towards the Party to the conflict on which persons protected by the present Convention depend, and shall be required to furnish sufficient assurances that it is in a position to undertake the appropriate functions and to discharge them impartially.

No derogation from the preceding provisions shall be made by special agreements between Powers one of which is restricted, even temporarily, in its freedom to negotiate with the other Power or its allies by reason of military events, more particularly where the whole, or a substantial part, of the territory of the said Power is occupied.

Whenever in the present Convention mention is made of a Protecting Power, such mention applies to substitute organisations in the sense of the present Article.

Article 11

In cases where they deem it advisable in the interest of protected persons, particularly in cases of disagreement between the Parties to the conflict as to the application or interpretation of the provisions of the present Convention, the Protecting Powers shall lend their good offices with a view to settling the disagreement.

For this purpose, each of the Protecting Powers may, either at the invitation of one Party or on its own initiative, propose to the Parties to the conflict a meeting of their representatives, and in particular of the authorities responsible for prisoners of war, possibly on neutral territory suitably chosen. The Parties to the conflict shall be bound to give effect to the proposals made to them for this purpose. The Protecting Powers may, if necessary, propose for approval by the Parties to the conflict a person belonging to a neutral Power, or delegated by the International Committee of the Red Cross, who shall be invited to take part in such a meeting.

PART II —GENERAL PROTECTION OF PRISONERS OF

WAR

Article 12

Prisoners of war are in the hands of the enemy Power, but not of the individuals or military units who have captured them. Irrespective of the individual responsibilities that may exist, the Detaining Power is responsible for the treatment given them.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

593

Prisoners of war may only be transferred by the Detaining Power 3rd Sch to a Power which is a party to the Convention and after the Detaining —cont. Power has satisfied itself of the willingness and ability of such transferee Power to apply the Convention. When prisoners of war are transferred under such circumstances, responsibility for the application of the Convention rests on the Power accepting them while they are in its custody.

Nevertheless, if that Power fails to carry out the provisions of the Convention in any important respect, the Power by whom the prisoners of war were transferred shall, upon being notified by the Protecting Power, take effective measures to correct the situation or shall request the return of the prisoners of war. Such requests must be complied with.

Article 13

Prisoners of war must at all times be humanely treated. Any unlawful act or omission by the Detaining Power causing death or seriously endangering the health of a prisoner of war in its custody is prohibited, and will be regarded as a serious breach of the present Convention. In particular, no prisoner of war may be subjected to physical mutilation or to.medical or scientific experiments of any kind which are not justified by the medical, dental or hospital treatment of the prisoner concerned and carried out in his interest.

Likewise, prisoners of war must at all times be protected, particularly against acts of violence or intimidation and against insults and public curiosity.

Measures of reprisal against prisoners of war are prohibited.

Article 14

Prisoners of war are entitled in all circumstances to respect for their persons and their honour.

Women shall be treated with all the regard due to their sex and shall in all cases benefit by treatment as favourable as that granted to men.

Prisoners of war shall retain the full civil capacity which they enjoyed at the time of their capture. The Detaining Power may not restrict the exercise, either within or without its own territory, of the rights such capacity confers except in so far as the captivity requires.

Article 15

The Power detaining prisoners of war shall be bound to provide free of charge for their maintenance and for the medical attention required by their state of health.

Article 16

Taking into consideration the provisions of the present Convention relating to rank and sex, and subject to any privileged treatment which may be accorded to them by reason of their state of health, age or professional qualifications, all prisoners of war shall be treated alike by die Detaining Power, without any adverse distinction based on race, nationality, religious belief or political opinions, or any other distinction founded on similar criteria.

594

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 . 2

3rd Sch

—cont.

PART IK.—CAPTIVITY

Section I.—Beginning of Captivity Article 17

Every prisoner of war, when questioned on the subject, is bound to give only his surname, first names and rank, date of birth, and army, regimental, personal or serial number, or failing this, equivalent information.

If he wilfully infringes this rule, he may render himself liable to a restriction of the privileges accorded to his rank or status.

Each Party to a conflict is required to furnish the persons under its jurisdiction who are liable to become prisoners of war, with an identity card showing the owner's surname, first names, rank, army, regimental, personal or serial number or equivalent information, and date of birth. The identity card may, furthermore, bear the signature or the fingerprints or both of the owner, and may bear, as well, any other information the Party to the conflict may wish to add concerning persons belonging to its armed forces. As far as possible the card shall measure 6*5 x 10 cm. and shall be issued in duplicate. The identity card shall be shown by the prisoner of war upon demand, but may in no case be taken away from him.

No physical or mental torture, nor any other form of ooercion, may be inflicted on prisoners of war to secure from them information of any kind whatever. Prisoners of war who refuse to answer may not be threatened, insulted, or exposed to any unpleasant or disadvantageous treatment of any kind.

Prisoners of war who, owing to their physical or mental condition, are unable to state their identity, shall be handed over to the medical service. The identity of such prisoners shall be established by all possible means, subject to the provisions of the preceding paragraph.

The questioning of prisoners of war shall be carried out in a language which they understand.

Article 18

All effects and articles of personal use, except arms, horses, military equipment and military documents, shall remain in the possession of prisoners of war, likewise their metal helmets and gas masks and like articles issued for personal protection. Effects and articles used for their clothing or feeding shall likewise remain in their possession, even if such effects and articles belong to their regulation military equipment.

Ait no time should prisoners of war be without identity documents. The Detaining Power shall supply such documents to prisoners of war who possess none.

Badges of rank and nationality, decorations and articles having above all a personal or sentimental value may not be taken from prisoners of war.

Sums of money carried by prisoners of war may not be taken away from them except by order of an officer, and after the amount and particulars of the owner have been recorded in a special register

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

595

and an itemized receipt has been given, legibly inscribed with the name, rank and unit of the person issuing the said receipt. Sums in the currency of the Detaining Power, or which are changed into such currency ait the prisoner’s request, shall be placed to the credit of the prisoner’s account as provided in Article 64.

The Detaining Power may withdraw articles of value from prisoners of war only for reasons of security; when such articles are withdrawn, the procedure laid down for sums of money impounded shall apply.

Such objects, likewise sums taken away in any currency other than that of the Detaining Power and the conversion of which has not been asked for by the owners, shall be kept in the custody of the Detaining Power and shall be returned in their initial shape to prisoners of war at the end of their captivity.

Article 19

Prisoners of war shall be evacuated, as soon as possible after their capture, to camps situated in an area far enough from the combat zone for them to be out of danger.

Only those .prisoners of war who, owing to wounds or sickness, would run greater risks by being evacuated than by remaining where they are, may be temporarily kept back in a danger zone.

Prisoners of war shall not be unnecessarily exposed to danger while awaking evacuation from a fighting zone.

Article 20

The evacuation of prisoners of war shall always be effected humanely and in conditions similar to those for the forces of the Detaining Power in their changes of station.

The Detaining Power shall supply prisoners of war who are being evacuated with sufficient food and potable water, and with the necessary clothing and medical attention. The Detaining Power shall take all suitable precautions to ensure their safety during evacuation, and shall establish as soon as possible a list of the prisoners of war who are evacuated.

If prisoners of war must, during evacuation, pass through transit camps, their stay in such camps shall be as brief as possible.

Section II.—Internment of Prisoners of War Chapter /.—General Observations Article 21

The Detaining Power may subject prisoners of war to internment. It may impose on them the obligation of not leaving, beyond certain limits, the camp where they are interned, or if the said camp is fenced in, of not going outside its perimeter. Subject to the provisions of the present Convention relative to penal and disciplinary sanctions, prisoners of war may not be held in dose confinement except where necessary to safeguard their health and then only during the continuation of the circumstances which make such confinement necessary.

3rd Sch.

—cont.

596

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. Prisoners of war may be partially or wholly released on parole —com. or promise, in so far as is allowed by the laws of the Power on which they depend. Such measures shall be taken particularly in cases where this may contribute to the improvement of their state of health. (No prisoner of war shall be compelled to accept liberty on parole or promise.

Upon the outbreak of hostilities, each Party to the conflict shall notify the adverse Party of the laws and regulations allowing or prohibiting its own nationals to accept liberty on parole or promise. Prisoners of war who are paroled or who have given their promise in conformity with the laws and regulations so notified, are bound on their personal honour scrupulously to fulfil, both towards the Power on which they depend and the Power which has captured them, the engagements of their paroles or promises. In such cases, the Power on which they depend is bound neither to require nor to accept from them any service incompatible with the parole or promise given.

Article 22

Prisoners of war may be interned only in premises located on land and affording every guarantee of hygiene and healthfulness. Except in particular cases which are justified by the interest of the prisoners themselves, they shall not be interned in penitentiaries.

Prisoners of war interned in unhealthy areas, or where the climate is injurious for them, shall be removed as soon as possible to a more favourable climate.

The Detaining Power shall assemble prisoners of war in camps or camp compounds according to their nationality, language and customs, provided that these prisoners shall not be separated from prisoners of war belonging to the armed forces with which they were serving at the time of their capture, except with their consent.

Article 23

No prisoner of war may at any time be sent to, or detained in areas where he may be exposed to the fire of the combat zone, nor may his presence be used to render certain points or areas immune from military operations.

Prisoners of war shall have shelters against air bombardment and other hazards of war, to the same extent as the local civilian population. With the exception of those engaged in the protection of their quarters against the aforesaid hazards, they may enter such shelters as soon as possible after the giving of the alarm. Any other protective measure taken in favour of the population shall also apply to them.

Detaining Powers shall give the Powers concerned, through the intermediary of the Protecting Powers, all useful information regarding the geographical location of prisoner off war camps.

Whenever military considerations permit, prisoner of war camps shall be indicated in the day-time by the letters PW or PG, placed so as to be clearly visible from the air. The Powers concerned may, however, agree upon any other system of marking. Only prisoner of war camps shall be marked as such.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

597

Article 24

Transit or screening camps of a permanent kind shall be fitted out under conditions similar to those described in the present Section, and the prisoners therein shall have the same treatment as in other camps.

Chapter II.—Quarters, Food and Clothing of Prisoners of War

Article 25

Prisoners of war shall be quartered under conditions as favourable as those for the forces of the Detaining Power who are billeted in the same area. The said conditions shall make allowance for the habits and customs of the prisoners and shall in no case be prejudicial to their health.

The foregoing provisions shall apply in particular to the dormitories of prisoners of war as regards both total surface and minimum cubic space, and the general installations, bedding and blankets.

The (premises provided for the use of 'prisoners of war individually or collectively, shall be entirely protected from dampness and adequately heated and lighted, in particular between dusk and lights out. AH precautions must be taken against the danger of fire.

In any camps in which women prisoners of war, as well as men, are accommodated, separate dormitories shall be provided for them.

Article 26

The basic daily food rations shall be sufficient in quantity, quality and variety to keep prisoners of war in good health and to prevent loss of weight or the development of nutritional deficiencies. Account shall also be taken of the habitual diet of the prisoners.

The Detaining Power 9hall supply prisoners of war who work with such additional rations as are necessary for the labour on which they are employed.

Sufficient drinking water shall be supplied to prisoners of war. The use of tobacco shall be permitted.

Prisoners of war shall, as for as possible, be associated with the preparation of their meals; they may be employed for that purpose m the kitchens. Furthermore, they shall be given the means of preparing, themselves, the additional food in their possession.

Adequate premises shall be provided for messing.

Collective disciplinary measures affecting food are prohibited.

Article 27

Clothing, underwear and footwear shall be supplied to prisoners of war in sufficient quantities by the Detaining Power, which shall make allowance for the climate of the region where the prisoners are detained. Uniforms of enemy armed forces captured by the Detaining Power should, if suitable for the climate, be made available to clothe prisoners of war.

The regular replacement and repair of the above articles shall be assured by the Detaining Power. In addition, prisoners of war who work shall receive appropriate clothing, wherever the nature of the work demands.

3rd Scel —cant.

598

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Article 28

Canteens shall be installed in all camps, where prisoners of war may procure foodstuffs, soap and tobacco and ordinary articles in daily use. The tariff shall never be in excess of local market prices.

The profits made by camp canteens shall be used for the benefit of the prisoners; a special fund shall be created for this purpose. The prisoners* representative shall have the right to collaborate in the management of the canteen and of this fund.

When a camp is closed down, the credit balance of the special fund shall be handed to an international welfare organisation, to be employed for the benefit of prisoners of war of the same nationality as those who have contributed to the fund. In case of a general repatriation, such profits shall be kept by the Detaining Power, subject to any agreement to the contrary between the Powers concerned.

Chapter III.—Hygiene and Medical Attention Article 29

The Detaining Power shall be bound to take all sanitary measures necessary to ensure the cleanliness and healthfulness of camps and to prevent epidemics.

Prisoners of war shall have for their use, day and night, conveniences which conform to the rules of hygiene and are maintained in a constant state of cleanliness. In any camps in which women prisoners of war are accommodated, separate conveniences shall be provided for them.

Also, apart from the baths and showers with which the camps shall be furnished, prisoners of war shall be provided with sufficient water and soap for their personal toilet and for washing their personal laundry; the necessary installations, facilities and time shall be granted them for that purpose.

Article 30

Every camp shall have an adequate infirmary where prisoners of war may have the attention they require, as well as appropriate diet. Isolation wards shall, if necessary, be set aside for cases of contagious or mental disease.

Prisoners of war suffering from serious disease, or whose condition necessitates special treatment, a surgical operation or hospital care, must be admitted to any military or civil medical unit where such treatment can be given, even if their repatriation is contemplated in the near future. Special facilities shall be afforded for the care to be given to the disabled, in particular to the blind, and for their rehabilitation, pending repatriation.

Prisoners of war shall have the attention, preferably, of medical personnel of the Power on which they depend and, if possible, of their nationality.

1957

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957

Ch. 52

599

Prisoners of war may not be prevented from presenting themselves 3rd Sch. to the medical authorities for examination. The detaining authorities —com. shall, upon request, issue to every prisoner who has undergone treatment, an official certificate indicating the nature of his illness or injury, and the duration and kind of treatment received. A duplicate of this certificate shall be forwarded to the Central Prisoners of War Agency.

The costs of treatment, including those of any apparatus necessary for the maintenance of prisoners of war in good health, particularly dentures and other artificial appliances, and spectacles, shall be borne by the Detaining Power.

Article 31

Medical inspections of prisoners of war shall be made at least once a month. They shall include the checking and the recording of the weight of each prisoner of war. Their purpose shall be, in particular, to supervise the general state of health, nutrition and cleanliness of prisoners and to detect contagious diseases, especially tuberculosis, malaria and venereal disease. For this purpose the most efficient methods available shall be employed, e.g. periodic mass miniature radiography for the early detection of tuberculosis.

Article 32

Prisoners of war who, though not attached to the medical service of their armed forces, are physicians, surgeons, dentists, nurses or medical orderlies, may be required by the Detaining Power to exercise their medical functions in the interests of prisoners of war dependent on the same Power. In that case they shall continue to be prisoners of war, but shall receive the same treatment as corresponding medical personnel retained by the Detaining Power. They shall be exempted from any other work under Article 49.

Chapter IV.—Medical Personnel and Chaplains Retained to Assist

Prisoners of War

Article 33

Members of the medical personnel and chaplains while retained by the Detaining Power with a view to assisting prisoners of war, shall not be considered as prisoners of war. They shall, however, receive as a minimum the benefits and protection of the present Convention, and shall also be granted all facilities necessary to provide for the medical care of, and religious ministration to prisoners of war.

They shall continue to exercise their medical and spiritual functions for the benefit of prisoners of war, preferably those belonging to the armed forces upon which they depend, within the scope of the military laws and regulations of the Detaining Power and under the control of its competent services, in accordance with their professional etiquette. They shall also benefit by the following facilities in the exercise of their medical or spiritual functions:

(a) They shall be authorised to visit periodically prisoners of war situated in working detachments or in hospitals outside the camp. For this purpose, the Detaining Power shall place at their disposal the necessary means of transport.

600

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. —corn.

(b) The senior medical officer in each camp shall be responsible to the camp military authorities for everything connected with the activities of retained medical personnel. For this purpose. Parties to the conflict shall agree at the outbreak of hostilities on the subject of the corresponding ranks of the medical personnel, including that of societies mentioned in Article 26 of the Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field of 12th August, 1949. This senior medical officer, as well as chaplains, shall have the right to deal with the competent authorities of the camp on all questions relating to their duties. Such authorities shall afford them all necessary facilities for correspondence relating to these questions.

(c) Although they shall be subject to the internal discipline of

the camp in which they are retained such personnel may not be compelled to carry out any work other than that concerned with their medical or religious duties.

During hostilities, the Parties to the conflict shall agree concerning the possible relief of retained personnel and shall settle the procedure to be followed.

None of the preceding provisions shall relieve the Detaining Power of its obligations with regard to prisoners of war from the medical or spiritual point of view.

Chapter V.—Religious, Intellectual and Physical Activities Article 34

Prisoners of war shall enjoy complete latitude in the exercise of their religious duties, including attendance at the service of their faith, on condition that they comply with the disciplinary routine prescribed by the military authorities.

Adequate premises shall be provided where religious services may be held.

Article 35

Chaplains who fall into the hands of the enemy Power and who remain or are retained with a view to assisting prisoners of war, shall be allowed to minister to them and to exercise freely their ministry amongst prisoners of war of the same religion, in accordance with their religious conscience. They shall be allocated among the various camps and labour detachments containing prisoners of war belonging to the same forces, speaking the same language or practising the same religion. They shall enjoy the necessary facilities, including the means of transport provided for in Article 33, for visiting the prisoners of war outside their camp. They shall be free to correspond, subject to censorship, on matters concerning their religious duties with the ecclesiastical authorities in the country of detention and with international religious organisations. Letters and cards which they may send for this purpose shall be in addition to the quota provided for in Article 71.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

601

Article 36

Prisoners of war who are ministers of religion, without having officiated as chaplains to their own forces, shall be at liberty, whatever their denomination, to minister freely to the members of their community. For this purpose, they shall receive the same treatment as the chaplains retained by the Detaining Power. They shall not be obliged to do any other work.

Article 37

When prisoners of war have not the assistance of a retained chaplain or of a prisoner of war minister of their faith, a minister belonging to the prisoners* or a similar denomination, or in his absence a qualified layman, if such a course is feasible from a confessional point of view, shall be appointed at the request of the prisoners concerned to fill this office. This appointment, subject to the approval of the Detaining Power, shall take place with the agreement of the community of prisoners concerned and, wherever necessary, with the approval of the local religious authorities of the same faith. The person thus appointed shall comply with all regulations established by the Detaining Power in the interests of discipline and military security.

Article 38

While respecting the individual preferences of every prisoner, the Detaining Power shall encourage the practice of intellectual, educational, and recreational pursuits, sports and games amongst prisoners, and shall take the measures necessary to ensure the exercise thereof by providing them with adequate premises and necessary equipment.

Prisoners shall have opportunities for taking physical exercise including sports and games, and being out of doors. Sufficient open spaces shall be provided for this purpose in all camps.

Chapter VI—Discipline Article 39

Every prisoner of war camp shall be put under the immediate authority of a responsible commissioned officer belonging to the regular armed forces of the Detaining Power. Such officer shall have in his possession a copy of the present Convention; he shall ensure that its provisions are known to the camp staff and the guard and shall be responsible, under the direction of his government, for its application.

Prisoners of war, with the exception of officers, must salute and show to all officers of the Detaining Power the external marks of respect provided for by the regulations applying in their own forces.

Officer prisoners of war are bound to salute only officers of a higher rank of the Detaining Power; they must, however, salute the camp commander regardless of his rank.

3rd Sch.

—cont.

602

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sgh. —amt.

Articlb 40

The wearing of badges of rank and nationality, as well as of decorations, shall be permitted.

Article 41

In every camp the text of the present Convention and its Annexes and the contents of any special agreement provided for in Article 6, shall be posted, in the prisoners* own language, at places where all may read them. Copies shall be supplied, on request, to the prisoners who cannot have access to the copy which has been posted.

Regulations, orders notices and publications of every kind relating to the conduct of prisoners of war shall be issued to them in a language which they understand. Such regulations, orders and publications shall be posted in the manner described above and copies shall be handed to the prisoners’ representative. Every order and command addressed to prisoners of war individually must likewise be given in a language which they understand.

Article 42

The use of weapons against prisoners of war, especially against those who are escaping or attempting to escape, shall constitute an extreme measure, which shall always be preceded by warnings appropriate to tjhe circumstances.

Chapter VII.—Rank of Prisoner of War

Article 43

Upon the outbreak of hostilities, the Parties to the conflict shall communicate to one another the titles and ranks of all the persons mentioned in Article 4 of the present Convention, in order to ensure equality of treatment between prisoners of equivalent rank. Titles and ranks which are subsequently created shall form the subject of similar communications.

The Detaining Power shall recognise promotions in rank which have been accorded to prisoners of war and which have been duly notified by the Power on which these prisoners depend.

Article 44

Officers and prisoners of equivalent rank shall be treated with the regard due to their rank and age.

In order to ensure service in officers’ camps, other ranks of the same armed forces who, as far as possible, apeak the same language, shall be assigned in sufficient numbers, account being taken of the rank of officers and prisoners of equivalent status. Such orderlies shall not be required to perform any other work.

Supervision of the mess by the officers themselves shall be facilitated in every way.

Article 45

Prisoners of war other than officers and prisoners of equivalent status shall be treated with the regard due to their rank and age.

Supervision of the mess by the prisoners themselves shall be facilitated in every way.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

603

Chapter VIII.—Transfer of Prisoners of War after their arrival in

camp

Article 46

The Detaining Power, when deciding upon the transfer of prisoners of war, shall take info account the interests of the prisoners themselves, more especially so as not to increase the difficulty of their repatriation.

The transfer of prisoners of war shall always be effected humanely and in conditions not less favourable than those under which the forces of the Detaining Power are transferred. Account shall always be taken of the climatic conditions to which the prisoners of war are accustomed and the conditions of transfer shall in no case be prejudicial to their health.

The Detaining Power shall supply prisoners of war during transfer with sufficient food and drinking water to keep them in good health, likewise with the necessary clothing, shelter and medical attention. The Detaining Power shall take adequate precautions especially in case of transport by sea or by air, to ensure their safety during transfer, and shall draw up a complete list of all transferred prisoners before their departure.

Article 47

Sick or wounded prisoners of war shall not be transferred as long as their recovery may be endangered by the journey, unless their safety imperatively demands it.

If the combat zone draws closer to a camp, the prisoners of war in the said camp shall not be transferred unless their transfer can be carried out in adequate conditions of safety, or unless they are exposed to greater risks by remaining on the spot than by being transferred.

Article 48

In the event of transfer, prisoners of war shall be officially advised of their departure and of their new postal address. Such notifications shall be given in time for them to pack their luggage and inform their next of kin.

They shall be allowed to take with them their personal effects, and die correspondence and parcels which have arrived for them. The weight of such baggage may be limited, if Che conditions of transfer so require, to what each prisoner can reasonably carry, which shall in no case be more than twenty-five kilograms per head.

Mail and 'parcels addressed to their former camp shall be forwarded to them without delay. The camp commander shall take, in agreement with the prisoners* representative, any measures needed to ensure the transport of the prisoners* community property and of the luggage they are unable to take with them in consequence of restrictions imposed by virtue of the second paragraph of this Article.

The costs of transfers shall be borne by the Detaining Power.

3rd Scel

—cons.

604

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 ELiz. 2

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Section III.—Labour of Prisoners of War Article 49

The Detaining Power may utilise the labour of prisoners of war who are physically fit, taking into account their age, sex, rank and physical aptitude, and with a view particularly to maintaining them in a good state of physical and mental health.

Non-commissioned officers who are prisoners of war shall only be required to do supervisory work. Those not so required may ask for other suitable work which shall, so far as possible, be found for them.

If officers or persons of equivalent status ask for suitable work, it shall be found for them, so far as possible, but they may in no circumstances be compelled to work.

Article 50

Besides work connected with camp administration, installation or maintenance, prisoners of war may be compelled to do only such work as is included in the following classes:

(a) agriculture;

(b) industries connected with the production or the extraction of raw materials, and manufacturing industries, with the exception of metallurgical, machinery and chemical industries; public works and building operations which have no military character or purpose;

(c) transport and handling of stores which are not military in

character or purpose;

() commercial business, and arts and crafts;

(e) domestic service;

(/) public utility services having no military character or purpose.

Should the above provisions be infringed, prisoners of war shall be allowed to exercise their right of complaint, in conformity with Article 78.

Article 51

Prisoners of war must be granted suitable working conditions, especially as regards accommodation, food, clothing and equipment; such conditions shall not be inferior to those enjoyed by nationals of the Detaining Power employed in similar work; account shall also be taken of climatic conditions.

The Detaining Power, in utilising the labour of prisoners of war, shall ensure that in areas in which prisoners are employed, the national legislation concerning the protection of labour, and, more particularly, the regulations for the safety of workers, are duly applied.

Prisoners of war shall receive training and be provided with the means of protection suitable to the work they will have to do and similar to those accorded to the nationals of the Detaining Power. Subject to the provisions of Article 52, prisoners may be submitted to the normal risks run by these civilian workers.

Conditions of labour shall in no case be rendered more arduous by disciplinary measures.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

605

Article 52

Unless he be a volunteer, no prisoner of war may be employed on labour which is of an unhealthy, or dangerous nature.

No prisoner of war shall be assigned to labour which would be looked upon as humiliating for a member of the Detaining Power’s own forces.

The removal of mines or similar devices shall be considered as dangerous labour.

Article 53

The duration of the daily labour of prisoners of war, including the time of the journey to and fro, shall not be excessive, and must in no case exceed that permitted for civilian workers in the district, who are nationals of the Detaining Power and employed on the same work.

Prisoners of war must be allowed, in the middle of the day’s work, a rest of not less than one hour. This rest will be the same as that to which workers of the Detaining Power are entitled, if the latter is of longer duration. They shall be allowed in addition a rest of twenty-four consecutive hours every week, preferably on Sunday or the day of rest in their country of origin. Furthermore, every prisoner who has worked for one year shall be granted a rest of eight consecutive days, during which his working pay shall be paid him.

If methods of labour such as piece work are employed, the length of the working period shall not be rendered excessive thereby.

Article 54

The working pay due to prisoners of war shall be fixed in accordance with the provisions of Article 62 of the present Convention.

Prisoners of war who sustain accidents in connection with work, or who contract a disease in the course, or in consequence of their work, shall receive all the care their condition may require. The Detaining Power shall furthermore deliver to such prisoners of war a medical certificate enabling them to submit their claims to the Power on which they depend, and shall send a duplicate to the Central Prisoners of War Agency provided for in Article 123.

Article 55

The fitness of prisoners of war for work shall be periodically verified by medical examinations, at least once a month. The examinations shall have particular regard to the nature of the work which prisoners of war are required to do.

If any prisoner of war considers himself incapable of working, he shall be permitted to appear before the medical authorities of his camp. Physicians or surgeons may recommend that the prisoners who are, in their opinion, unfit for work, be exempted therefrom.

Article 56

The organisation and administration of labour detachments shall be similar to those of prisoner of war camps.

Every labour detachment shall remain under the control of and administratively part of a prisoner of war camp. The military

3rd Sol —cottt.

606

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. authorities and the commander of the said camp shall be responsible* —cont. under the direction of their Government, for the observance of the provisions of the present Convention in labour detachments.

The camp commander shall keep an up-to-date record of the labour detachments dependent on his camp, and shall communicate it to the delegates of the Protecting Power, of the International Committee of the Red Cross, or of other agencies giving relief to prisoners of war, who may visit the camp.

Article 57

The treatment of prisoners of war who work for private persons, even if the latter are responsible for guarding and protecting them, shall not be inferior to that which is provided for by the present Convention. The Detaining Power, the military authorities and the commander of the camp to which such prisoners belong shall be entirely responsible for the maintenance, care, treatment, and payment of the working pay of such prisoners of war.

Such prisoners of war shall have the right to remain in communication with the prisoners' representatives in the camps on which they depend.

Section IV.—Financial Resources of Prisoners of War Article 58

Upon the outbreak of hostilities, and pending an arrangement on this matter with the Protecting Power, the Detaining Power may determine the maximum amount of money in cash or in any similar form, that prisoners may have in their possession. Any amount in excess, which was properly in their possession and which has been taken or withheld from them, shall be placed to their account, together with any moneys deposited by them, and shall not be converted into any other currency without their consent.

If prisoners of war are permitted to purchase services or commodities outside the camp against payment in cash, such payments shall be made by the prisoner himself or the camp administration and charged to the accounts of the prisoners concerned. The Detaining Power will establish the necessary rules in this respect.

Article 59

Cash which was taken from prisoners of war, in accordance with Article 18, at the time of their capture, and which is in the currency of the Detaining Power, shall be placed to their separate accounts, in accordance with the provisions of Article 64 of the present Section.

The amounts, in the currency of the Detaining Power, due to the conversion of sums in other currencies that are taken from the prisoners of war at the same time, shall also be credited to their separate accounts.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

607

Article 60

The Detaining Power shall grant all prisoners of war a monthly advance of pay, the amount of which shall be fixed by conversion, into the currency of the said Power, of the following amounts:

Category I: Prisoners ranking below sergeants: eight Swiss francs.

Category II: Sergeants and other non-commissioned officers, or prisoners of equivalent rank: twelve Swiss francs.

Category III : Warrant officers and commissioned officers below the rank of major or prisoners of equivalent rank: fifty Swiss francs.

Category IV: Majors, lieutenant-colonels, colonels or prisoners of equivalent rank: sixty Swiss francs.

Category V: General officers or prisoners of war of equivalent rank: seventy-five Swiss francs.

However, the Parties to the conflict concerned may by special agreement modify the amount of advances of pay due to prisoners of the preceding categories.

Furthermore, if the amounts indicated in the first paragraph above would be unduly high compared with the pay of the Detaining Power’s armed forces or would, for any reason, seriously embarrass the Detaining Power, then, pending the conclusion of a special agreement with the Power on which the prisoners depend to vary the amounts indicated above, the Detaining Power:

(a) shall continue to credit the accounts of the prisoners with

the amounts indicated in the first paragraph above;

(b) may temporarily limit the amount made available from these advances of pay to prisoners of war for their own use, to sums which are reasonable, but which, for Category I, shall never be inferior to the amount that the Detaining Power gives to the members of its own armed forces.

The reasons for any limitation win be given without delay to the Protecting Power.

Article 61

The Detaining Power shall accept for distribution as supplementary pay to prisoners of war sums which the Power on which the prisoners depend may forward to them, on condition that the sums to be paid shall be the same for each prisoner of the same category, shall be payable to all prisoners of that category depending on that Power, and shall be placed in their separate accounts, at the earliest opportunity, in accordance with the provisions of Article 64. Such supplementary pay shall not relieve the Detaining Power of any obligation under this Convention.

Article 62

Prisoners of war shall be paid a fair working rate of pay by the detaining authorities direct. The rate shall be fixed by the said authorities, but shall at no time be less than one-fourth of one

3rd Sch. —amt.

608

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. Swiss franc for a full working day. The Detaining Power shall

—cont. inform prisoners of war, as well as the Power on which they depend,

through the intermediary of the Protecting Power, of the rate of daily working pay that it has fixed.

Working pay shall likewise be paid by the detaining authorities to prisoners of war permanently detailed to duties or to a skilled or semi-skilled occupation in connection with the administration, installation or maintenance of camps, and to tfce prisoners who are required to carry out spiritual or medical duties on behalf of their comrades.

The working pay of the prisoners* representative, of his advisers, if any, and of his assistants, shall be paid out of the fund maintained by canteen profits. The scale of this working pay shall be fixed by the prisoners* representative and approved by the camp commander. If there is no such fund, the detaining authorities shall pay these prisoners a fair working rate of pay.

Article 63

Prisoners of war shall be permitted to receive remittances of money addressed to them individually or collectively.

Every prisoner of war shall have at his disposal the credit balance of his account as provided for in the following Article, within the limits fixed by the Detaining Power, which shall make such payments as are requested. Subject to financial or monetary restrictions which the Detaining Power regards as essential, prisoners of war may also have payments made abroad. In this case payments addressed by prisoners of war to dependents shall be given priority.

In any event, and subject to the consent of the Power on which they depend, prisoners may have payments made in their own country, as follows: the Detaining Power shall send to the aforesaid Power through the Protecting Power, a notification giving all the necessary particulars concerning the prisoners of war, the beneficiaries of the payments, and the amount of the sums to be paid, expressed in the Detaining Power’s currency. The said notification shall be signed by the prisoners and countersigned by the camp commander. The Detaining Power shall debit the prisoners* account by a corresponding amount; the sum thus debited shall be placed by it to the credit of the power on which the prisoners depend.

To apply the foregoing provisions, the Detaining Power may usefully consult the Model Regulations in Annex V of the present Convention.

Article 64

The Detaining Power shall hold an account for each prisoner of war, showing at least the following:

(1) The amounts due to the prisoner or received by him as advances of pay, as working pay or derived from any other source; the sums in the currency of the Detaining Power which were taken from him; the sums taken from him and converted at his request into the currency of the said Power.

1957

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957

Ch. 52

609

(2) The payments made to the prisoner in cash, or in any other 3rd Sch. similar form; the payments made on his behalf and at his —cont. request; the sums transferred under Article 63, third paragraph.

Article 65

Every item entered in the account of a prisoner of war shall be countersigned or initialled by him, or by the prisoners' representative acting on his behalf.

Prisoners of war shall at all times be afforded reasonable facilities for consulting and obtaining copies of their accounts, which may likewise be inspected by the representatives of the Protecting Powers at the time of visits to the camp.

When prisoners of war are transferred from one camp to another, their personal accounts will follow them. In case of transfer from one Detaining Power to another, the moneys which are their property and are not in the currency of the Detaining Power will follow them. They shall be given certificates for any other moneys standing to the credit of their accounts.

The Parties to the conflict concerned may agree to notify to each other at specific intervals through the Protecting Power, the amount of the accounts of the prisoners of war.

Article 66

On the termination of captivity, through the release of a prisoner of war or his repatriation, the Detaining Power shall give him a statement, signed by an authorised officer of that Power, showing the credit balance then due to him. The Detaining Power shall also send through the Protecting Power to the government upon which the prisoner of war depends, lists giving all appropriate particulars of all prisoners of war whose captivity has been terminated by repatriation, release, escape, death or any other means, and showing the amount of their credit balances. Such lists shall be certified on each sheet by an authorised representative of the Detaining Power.

Any of the above provisions of this Article may be varied by mutual agreement between any two Parties to the conflict.

The Power on which the prisoner of war depends shall be responsible for settling with him any credit balance due to him from the Detaining Power on the termination of his captivity.

Article 67

Advances of pay, issued to prisoners of war in conformity with Article 60, shall be considered as made on behalf of the Power on which they depend. Such advances of pay, as well as all payments made by the said Power under Article 63, third paragraph, and Article 68, shall form the subject of arrangements between the Powers concerned, at the close of hostilities.

Article 68

Any claim by a prisoner of war for compensation in respect of any injury or other disability arising out of work shall be referred to the Power on which he depends, through the Protecting Power. Ir

U

610

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. accordance with Article 54, the Detaining Power will, in all cases,

—com. provide the prisoner of war concerned with a statement showing the

nature of the injury or disability, the circumstances in which it arose and particulars of medical or hospital treatment given for it. This statement will be signed by a responsible officer of the Detaining Power and the medical particulars certified by a medical officer.

Any claim from a prisoner of war for compensation in respect of personal effects, moneys or valuables impounded by the Detaining Power under Article 18 and not forthcoming on his repatriation, or in respect of loss alleged to be due to the fault of the Detaining Power or any of its servants shall likewise be referred to the iWer on which he depends. Nevertheless, any such personal effects required for use by the prisoners of war whilst in captivity shall be replaced at the expense of the Detaining Power. The Detaining Power will, in all cases, provide the prisoner of war with a statement, signed by a responsible officer, showing all available information regarding the reasons why such effects, moneys or valuables have not been restored to him. A copy of this statement will be forwarded to the Power on which he depends through the Central Prisoners of War Agency provided for in Article 123.

Section V.—Relations of Prisoners of War with thb

Exterior

Article 69

Immediately upon prisoners of war falling into its power, the Detaining Power shall inform them and the Powers on which they depend, through the Protecting Power, of the measures taken to carry out the provisions of the present Section. They shall likewise inform the parties concerned of any subsequent modifications of such measures.

Article 70

Immediately upon capture, or not more than one week after arrival at a camp, even if it is a transit camp, likewise in case of sickness or transfer to hospital or another camp, every prisoner of war shall be enabled to write direct to his family, on the one hand, and to the Central Prisoners of War Agency provided for in Article 123, on the other hand, a card similar, if possible, to the model annexed to the present Convention, informing his relatives of his capture, address and state of health. The said cards shall be forwarded as rapidly as possible and may not be delayed in any manner.

Article 71

Prisoners of war shall be allowed to send and receive letters and cards. If the Detaining Power deems it necessary to limit the number of letters and cards sent by each prisoner of war, the said number shall not be less than two letters and four cards monthly, exclusive of the capture cards provided for in Article 70, and conforming as closely as possible to the models annexed to the present Convention. Further limitations may be imposed only if the Protecting Power is satisfied that it would be in the interests of the prisoners of war con-

1957

Geneva Convention , 1957

Ch. 52

611

ceraed to do so owing to difficulties of translation caused by the Detaining Power’s inability to find sufficient qualified linguists to carry out the necessary censorship. If limitations must be placed on the correspondence addressed to prisoners of war, they may be ordered only by the Power on which the prisoners depend, possibly at the request of the Detaining Power. Such letters and cards must be conveyed by the most rapid method at the disposal of the Detaining Power; they may not be delayed or retained for disciplinary reasons.

Prisoners of war who have been without news for a long period, or who are unable to receive news from their next of kin or to give them news by the ordinary postal route, as well as those who are at a great distance from their homes, shall be permitted to send telegrams, the fees being charged against the prisoners of war’s accounts with the Detaining Power or paid in the currency at their disposal. They shall likewise benefit by this measure in cases of urgency.

As a general rule, the correspondence of prisoners of war shall be written in their native language. The Parties to the conflict may allow correspondence in other languages.

Sacks containing prisoner of war mail must be securely sealed and labelled so as clearly to indicate their contents, and must be addressed to offices of destination.

Article 72

Prisoners of war shall be allowed to receive by post or by any other means individual parcels or collective shipments containing, in particular, foodstuffs, clothing, medical supplies and articles of a religious, educational or recreational character which may meet their needs, including books, devotional articles, scientific equipment, examination papers, musical instruments, sports outfits and materials allowing prisoners of war to pursue their studies or their cultural activities.

Such shipments shall in no way free the Detaining Power from the obligations imposed upon it by virtue of the present Convention.

The only limits which may be placed on these shipments shall be those proposed by the Protecting Power in the interest of the prisoners themselves, or by the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other organisation giving assistance to the prisoners, in respect of their own shipments only, on account of exceptional strain on transport or communications.

The conditions for the sending of individual parcels and collective relief shall, if necessary, be the subject of special agreements between the Powers concerned, which may in- no case delay the receipt by the prisoners of relief supplies. Books may not be included in parcels of clothing and foodstuffs. Medical supplies shall, as a rule, be sent in collective parcels.

Article 73

In the absence of special agreements between the Powers concerned on the conditions for the receipt and distribution of collective relief shipments, the rules and regulations concerning collective shipments, which arc annexed to the present Convention, shall be applied.

3rd Sch.

—cont.

612

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch.

—cont.

The special agreements referred to above shall in no case restrict the right of prisoners* representatives to take possession of collective relief shipments intended for prisoners of war, to proceed to their distribution or to dispose of them in the interest of the prisoners.

Nor shall such agreements restrict the right of representatives of the Protecting Power, the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other organisation giving assistance to prisoners of war and responsible for the forwarding of collective shipments, to supervise their distribution to the recipients.

Article 74

All relief shipments for prisoners of war shall be exempt from import, customs and other dues.

Correspondence, relief shipments and authorised remittances of money addressed to prisoners of war or despatched by them through the post office, either direct or through the Information Bureaux provided for in Article 122 and the Central Prisoners of War Agency provided for in Article 123, shall be exempt from any postal dues, both in the countries of origin and destination, and in intermediate countries.

If relief shipments intended for prisoners of war cannot be sent through the post office by reason of weight or for any other cause, the cost of transportation shall be borne by the Detaining Power in all the territories under its control. The other Powers party to the Convention shall bear the cost of transport in their respective territories.

In the absence of special agreements between the Parties concerned, the costs connected with transport of such shipments, other than costs covered by the above exemption, shall be charged to the senders.

The High Contracting Parties shall endeavour to reduce, so far as possible, the rates charged for telegrams sent by prisoners of war. or addressed to them.

Article 75

Should military operations prevent the Powers concerned from fulfilling their obligation to assure the transport of the shipments referred to in Articles 70, 71, 72 and 77, the Protecting Powers concerned, the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other organisation duly approved by the Parties to the conflict may undertake to ensure the conveyance of such shipments by suitable means (railway wagons, motor vehicles, vessels, or aircraft, etc.). For this purpose, the High Contracting Parties shall endeavour to supply them with such transport and to allow its circulation, especially by granting the necessary safe-conducts.

Such transport may also be used to convey:

(n) correspondence, lists and reports exchanged between the Central Information Agency referred to in Article 123 and the National Bureaux referred to in Article 122;

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

613

(6) correspondence and reports relating to prisoners of war which the Protecting Powers, the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other body assisting the prisoners, exchange either with their own delegates or with the Parties to the conflict.

These provisions in no way detract from the right of any Party to the conflict to arrange other means of transport, if it should so prefer, nor preclude the granting of safe-conducts, under mutually agreed conditions, to such means of transport.

In the absence of special agreements, the costs occasioned by the use of such means of transport shall be borne proportionally by the Parties to die conflict whose nationals are benefited thereby.

Article 76

The censoring of correspondence addressed to prisoners of war or despatched by them shall be done as quickly as possible. Mail shall be censored only by the despatching State and the receiving State, and once only by each.

The examination of consignments intended for prisoners of war shall not be carried out under conditions that will expose the goods contained in them to deterioration; except in the case of written or printed matter, it shall be done in the presence of the addressee, or of a fellow-prisoner duly delegated by him. The delivery to prisoners of individual or collective consignments shall not be delayed under the pretext of difficulties of censorship.

Any prohibition of correspondence ordered by Parties to the conflict, either for military or political reasons, shall be only temporary and ks duration shall be as short as possible.

Article 77

The Detaining Powers shall provide all facilities for the transmission, through the Protecting Power or the Central Prisoners of War Agency provided for in Article 123, of instruments, papers or documents intended for prisoners of war or despatched by them, especially powers of attorney and wills.

In all cases they shall facilitate the preparation and execution of such documents on behalf of prisoners of iwar; in particular, they shall allow them to consult a lawyer and shall take what measures are necessary for the authentication of their signatures.

Section VI.—Relations between Prisoners of War and the

Authorities

Chapter 1.—Complaints of Prisoners of War respecting the Conditions of Captivity

Article 78

Prisoners of war shall have the right to make known to the military authorities in whose power they are, their requests regarding the conditions of captivity to which they are subjected.

3rd Sgh. —cont.

614

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. They shall also have the unrestricted right to apply to the repre-

—cont. sentatives of the Protecting Powers either through their prisoners*

representative or, if they consider at necessary, direct, in order to draw their attention to any points on which they may have complaints to make regarding their conditions of captivity.

These requests and complaints shall not be limited nor considered to be a part of the correspondence quota referred to in Article 71. They must be transmitted immediately. Even if they are recognised to be unfounded, they may not give rise to any punishment

Prisoners* representatives may send periodic reports on the situation in the camps and the needs of the prisoners of war to the representatives of the Protecting Powers.

Chapter 11.—Prisoners of War Representatives Section 2. Article 79

In aU places where there are prisoners of war, except in those where there are officers, the prisoners shall freely elect by secret ballot, every six months, and also in case of vacancies, prisoners* representatives entrusted with representing them before the military authorities, the Protecting Powers, the International Committee of the Red Cross and any other organisation which may assist them. These prisoners’ representatives shall be eligible for re-election.

In camps for officers and persons of equivalent status or in mixed camps, the senior officer among the prisoners of war shall be recognised as the camp prisoners’ representative. In camps for officers, he shall be assisted by one or more advisers chosen by the officers; in mixed camps, his assistants shall be chosen from among the prisoners of war who are not officers and shall be elected by them.

Officer prisoners of war of the same nationality shall be stationed in labour camps for prisoners of war, for the purpose of carrying out the camp administration duties for which the prisoners of war are responsible. These officers may be elected as prisoners’ representatives under the first paragraph of this Article. In such a case the assistants to the prisoners’ representatives shall be chosen from among those prisoners of war who are not officers.

Every representative elected must be approved by the Detaining Power before he has the right to commence his duties. Where the Detaining Power refuses to approve a prisoner of war elected by his fellow prisoners of war, it must inform the Protecting Power of the reason for such refusal.

In all cases the prisoners* representative must have the same nationality, language and customs as the prisoners of war whom he represents. Thus, prisoners of war distributed in different sections of a camp, according to their nationality, language or customs, shall have for each section their own prisoners’ representative, in accordance with the foregoing paragraphs.

Article 80

Prisoners’ representatives shall further the physical, spiritual and intellectual well-being of prisoners of war.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

615

In particular, where the prisoners decide to organise amongst themselves a system of mutual assistance, this organisation will be within the province of the prisoners* representative, in addition to the special duties entrusted to him by other provisions of the present Convention.

Prisoners* representatives shall not be held responsible, simply by reason of their duties, for any offences committed by prisoners of war.

Article 81

Prisoners’ representatives shall not be required to perform any other work, if the accomplishment of their duties is thereby made more difficult

Prisoners* representatives may appoint from amongst the prisoners such assistants as they may require. All material facilities shall be granted them, particularly a certain freedom of movement necessary for the accomplishment of their duties (inspection of labour detachments, receipt of supplies, etc.).

Prisoners* representatives shall be permitted to visit premises where prisoners of war are detained, and every prisoner of war shall have the right to consult freely his prisoners* representative.

AH facilities shall likewise be accorded to the prisoners* representatives for communication iby post and telegraph with the detaining authorities, the Protecting Powers, the International Committee of the Red Cross and their delegates, the Mixed Medical Commissions and with the bodies which give assistance to prisoners of war. Prisoners* representatives of labour detachments shall enjoy the same facilities for communication with the prisoners* representatives of the principal camp. Such communications shall not be restricted, nor considered as forming a part of the quota mentioned in Article 71.

Prisoners* representatives who are transferred shall be allowed a reasonable time to acquaint their successors with current affairs.

In case of dismissal, the reason therefor shall be communicated to the Protecting Power.

Chapter III.—Penal and Disciplinary Sanctions I. General Provisions Article 82

A prisoner of war shall be subject to the laws, regulations and orders in force in the armed forces of the Detaining Power; the Detaining Power shall be justified in taking judicial or disciplinary measures in respect of any offence committed by a prisoner of war against such laws, regulations or orders. However, no proceedings or punishment contrary to the provisions of this Chapter shall be allowed.

If any law, regulation or order of the Detaining Power shall declare acts committed by a prisoner of war to be punishable, whereas the same acts would not be punishable if committed by a member of the forces of the Detaining Power, such acts shall entail disciplinary punishments only.

3rd Sch.

—com.

616

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch,

—cont.

Article 83

In deciding whether proceedings in respect of an offence alleged to have been committed by a prisoner of war shall be judicial or disciplinary, the Detaining Power shall ensure that the competent authorities exercise the greatest leniency and adopt wherever possible disciplinary rather than judicial measures.

Article 84

A prisoner of war shall be tried only by a military court, unless the existing laws of the Detaining Power expressly permit the civil courts to try a member of the armed forces of the Detaining Power in respect of the particular offence alleged to have been committed by the prisoner of war.

In no circumstances whatever shall a prisoner of war be tried by a court of any kind which does not offer the essential guarantees of independence and impartiality as generally recognised, and, in particular, the procedure of which does not afford the accused the rights and means of defence provided for in Article 105.

Article 85

Prisoners of war prosecuted under the laws of the Detaining Power for acts committed prior to capture shall retain, even if convicted, the benefits of the present Convention.

Article 86

No prisoner of war may be punished more than once for the same act or on the same charge.

Article 87

Prisoners of war may not be sentenced by the military authorities and oouits of the Detaining Power to any penalties except those provided for in respect of members of the armed forces of the said Power who have committed the same acts.

When fixing the penalty, the courts or authorities of the Detaining Power shall take into consideration, to the widest extent possible, the fact that the accused, not being a national of the Detaining Power, is not bound to it by any duty of allegiance, and that he is in its power as the result of circumstances independent of his own will. The said courts or authorities shall be at liberty to reduce the penalty provided for the violation of which the prisoner of war is accused, and shall therefore not be bound to apply the minimum penalty prescribed.

Collective punishment for individual acts, corporal punishment, imprisonment in premises without daylight and, in general, any form of torture or cruelty, are forbidden.

No prisoner of war may be deprived of his rank by the Detaining Power, or prevented from wearing his badges.

Article 88

Officers, non-commissioned officers and men who are prisoners of war undeigoing a disciplinary or judicial punishment, shall not be

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

617

subjected Co more severe treatment than that applied in respect of the same punishment to members of the armed forces of the Detaining Power of equivalent rank.

A woman prisoner of war shall not be awarded or sentenced to a punishment more severe, or treated whilst undergoing punishment more severely, than a woman member of the armed forces of the Detaining Power dealt with for a similar offence.

In no case may a woman prisoner of war be awarded or sentenced to a punishment more severe, or treated whilst undergoing punishment more severely, than a male member of the armed forces of the Detaining Power dealt with for a similar offence.

Prisoners of war who have served disciplinary or judicial sentences may not be treated differently from other prisoners of war.

II. Disciplinary Sanctions Article 89

The disciplinary punishments applicable to prisoners of war are the following:

(1) a fine which shall not exceed 50 .per cent, of the advances

of pay and working pay which the prisoner of war would otherwise receive under the provisions of Articles 60 and 62 during a period of not more than thirty days;

(2) discontinuance of privileges granted over and above the treat-

ment .provided for by the present Convention;

(3) fatigue duties not exceeding two hours daily;

(4) confinement.

The punishment referred to under (3) shall not be applied to officers.

In no case shall disciplinary punishments be inhuman, brutal or dangerous to the health of prisoners of war.

Article 90

The duration of any single punishment shall in no case exceed thirty days. Any period of confinement awaiting the hearing of a disciplinary offence or the award of disciplinary punishment shall be deducted from an award pronounced against a prisoner of war.

The maximum of thirty days provided above may not be exceeded, even if the prisoner of war is answerable for several acts at the same time when he is awarded punishment, whether such acts are related or not

The period between the pronouncing of an award of disciplinary punishment and its execution shall not exceed one month.

When a prisoner of war is awarded a further disciplinary punishment, a period of at least three days shall elapse between the execution of any two of the punishments, if the duration of one of these is ten days or more.

U*

3rd Sch. —amt.

618

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch.

—cons.

Article 91

The escape of a prisoner of war shall be deemed to have succeeded when:

(1) he has joined the armed forces of the Power on which he depends, or those of an allied Power;

(2) he 'has left the territory under the control of the Detaining

Power, or of an ally of the said Power;

(3) he has joined a ship flying the flag of the Power on which

he depends, or of an allied Power in the territorial waters of the Detaining Power, the said ship not being under the control of the last named Power.

Prisoners of war who have made good their escape in the sense of this Article and who are recaptured, shall not be liable to any punishment in respect of their previous escape.

Article 92

A prisoner of war who attempts to escape and is recaptured before having made good his escape in the sense of Article 91 shall be liable only to a disciplinary punishment in respect of this act, even if it is a repeated offence.

A prisoner of war who is recaptured shall be handed over without delay to the competent military authority.

Article 88, fourth paragraph, notwithstanding, prisoners of war punished as a result of an unsuccessful escape may be subjected to special surveillance. Such surveillance must not affect the state of their health, must be undergone in a prisoner of war camp, and must not entail the suppression of any of the safeguards granted them by the present Convention.

Article 93

Escape or attempt to escape, even if it is a repeated offence, shall not be deemed an aggravating circumstance if the prisoner of war is subjected to trial by judicial proceedings in respect of an offence committed during his escape or attempt to escape.

In conformity with the principle stated in Article 83, offences committed by prisoners of war with the sole intention of facilitating their escape and which do not entail any violence against life or limb, such as offences against public property, theft without intention of self-enrichment, the drawing up or use of false papers, or the wearing of civilian clothing, shall occasion disciplinary punishment only.

Prisoners of war who aid or abet an escape or an attempt to escape shall be liable on this count to disciplinary punishment only.

Article 94

If an escaped prisoner of war is recaptured, the Power on which he depends shall be notified thereof in the manner defined in Article 122, provided notification of his escape has been made.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

619

Article 95

A prisoner of war accused of an offence against discipline shall not be kept in confinement pending the hearing unless a member of the armed forces of the Detaining Power would be so kept if he were accused of a similar offence, or if it is essential in the interests of camp order and discipline.

Any period spent by a prisoner of war in confinement awaiting the disposal of an offence against discipline shall be reduced to an absolute minimum and shall not exceed fourteen days.

The provisions of Articles 97 and 98 of this Chapter shall apply to prisoners of war who are in confinement awaiting the disposal of offences against discipline.

Article 96

Acts which constitute offences against discipline shall be investigated immediately.

Without prejudice to the competence of courts and superior military authorities, disciplinary punishment may be ordered only by an officer having disciplinary powers in his capacity as camp commander, or by a responsible officer who replaces him or to whom he has delegated his disciplinary powers.

In no case may such powers be delegated to a prisoner of war or be exercised by a prisoner of war.

Before any disciplinary award is pronounced, the accused shall be given precise information regarding the offences of which he is accused, and given an opportunity of explaining his conduct and of defending himself. He shall be permitted, in particular, to call witnesses and to have recourse, if necessary, to the services of a qualified interpreter. The decision shall be announced to the accused prisoner of war and to the prisoners* representative.

A record of disciplinary punishments shall be maintained by the camp commander and shall be open to inspection by representatives of the Protecting Power.

Article 97

Prisoners of war shall not in any case be transferred to penitentiary establishments (prisons, penitentiaries, convict prisons, etc.) to undergo disciplinary punishment therein.

All premises in which disciplinary punishments are undergone shall conform to the sanitary requirements set forth in Article 25. A prisoner of war undergoing punishment shall be enabled to keep himself in a state of cleanliness, in conformity with Article 29.

Offiers and persons of equivalent status shall not be lodged in the same quarters as non-commissioned officers or men.

Women prisoners of war undergoing disciplinary punishment shall be confined in separate quarters from male prisoners of war and shall be under the immediate supervision of women.

U • 2

3rd Sen.

—cont.

620

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Article 98

A prisoner of war undergoing confinement as a disciplinary punishment, shall continue to enjoy the benefits of the provisions of this Convention except in so far as these are necessarily rendered inapplicable by the mere fact that he is confined. In no case may he be deprived of the benefits of the provisions of Articles 78 and 126.

A prisoner of war awarded disciplinary punishment may not be deprived of the prerogatives attached to his rank.

Prisoners of war awarded disciplinary punishment shall be allowed to exercise and to stay in the open air at least two hours daily.

They shall be allowed, on their request, to be present at the daily medical inspections. They shall receive the attention which their state of health requires and, if necessary, shall be removed to the camp infirmary or to a hospital.

They shall have permission to read and write, likewise to send and receive letters. Parcels and remittances of money, however, may be withheld from them until the completion of the punishment; they shall meanwhile be entrusted to the prisoners* representative, who will hand over to the infirmary the perishable goods contained in such parcels.

111. Judicial Proceedings Article 99

No prisoner of war may be tried or sentenced for an act which is not forbidden by the law of the Detaining Power or by international law, in force at the time the said act was committed.

No moral or physical coercion may be exerted on a prisoner of war in order to induce him to admit himself guilty of the act of which he is accused.

No prisoner of war may be convicted without having had an opportunity to present his defence and the assistance of a qualified advocate or counsel.

Article 100

Prisoners of war and the Protecting Powers shall be informed as soon as possible of the offences which are punishable by the death sentence under the laws of the Detaining Power.

Other offences shall not thereafter be made punishable by the death penalty without the concurrence of the Power upon which the prisoners of war depend.

The death sentence cannot be pronounced against a prisoner of war unless the attention of the court has, in accordance with Article 87, second paragraph, been particularly called to the fact that since the accused is not a national of the Detaining Power, he is not bound to it by any duty of allegiance, and that he is in its power as the result of circumstances independent of his own will.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

621

Article 101

If the death penalty is pronounced on a prisoner of war, the sentence shall not be executed before the expiration of a period of at least six months from the date when the Protecting Power receives, at an indicated address, the detailed communication provided for in Article 107.

Article 102

A prisoner of war can be validly sentenced only if the sentence has been pronounced by the same courts according to the same procedure as in the case of members of the armed forces of the Detaining Power, and if, furthermore, the provisions of the present Chapter have been observed.

Article 103

Judicial investigations relating to a prisoner of war shall be conducted as rapidly as circumstances permit and so that his trial shall take place as soon as possible. A prisoner of war shall not be confined while awaiting trial unless a member of the armed forces of the Detaining Power would be so confined if he were accused of a similar offence, or if it is essential to do so in the interests of national security. In no circumstances shall this confinement exceed three months.

Any period spent by a prisoner of war in confinement awaiting trial shall be deducted from any sentence of imprisonment passed upon him and taken into account in fixing any penalty.

The provisions of Articles 97 and 98 of this Chapter shall apply to a prisoner of war whilst in confinement awaiting trial.

Article 104

In any case in which the Detaining Power has decided to institute Judicial proceedings against a prisoner of war, it shall notify the Protecting Power as soon as possible and at least three weeks before the opening of the trial. This period of three weeks shall run as from the day on which such notification reaches the Protecting Power at the address previously indicated by the latter to the Detaining Power.

The. said notification shall contain the following information:

(1) surname and first names of the prisoner of war, his rank, his army, regimental, personal or serial number, his date of birth, and his profession or trade, if any;

(2) place of internment or confinement;

(3) specification of the charge or charges on which the prisoner

of war is to be arraigned, giving the legal provisions applicable;

(4) designation of the court which will try the case, likewise the

date and place fixed for the opening of the trial.

The same communication shall be made by the Detaining Power to the prisoners* representative.

3rd Sch

—com

622

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch, If no evidence is submitted, at the opening of a trial, that the —cont. notification referred to above was received by the Protecting Power, by the prisoner of war and by the prisoners* representative concerned, at least three weeks before the opening of the trial, then the latter cannot take place and must be adjourned.

Articlb 105

The prisoner of war shall be entitled to assistance by one of his prisoner comrades, to defence by a qualified advocate or counsel of his own choice, to the calling of witnesses and. if he deems necessary, to the services of a competent interpreter. He shall be advised of these rights by the Detaining Power in due time before the trial.

Failing a choice by the prisoner of war, the Protecting Power shall find him an advocate or counsel, and shall have at least one week at its disposal for the purpose. The Detaining Power shall deliver to the said Power, on request, a list of persons qualified to present the defence. Failing a choice of an advocate or counsel by the prisoner of war or the Protecting Power, the Detaining Power shall appoint a competent advocate or counsel to conduct the defence.

The advocate or counsel conducting the defence on behalf of the prisoner of war shall have at his disposal a period of two weeks at least before the opening of the trial, as well as the necessary facilities to prepare the defence of the accused. He may, in particular, freely visit the accused and interview him in private. He may also confer with any witnesses for the defence, including prisoners of war. He shall have the benefit of these facilities until the term of appeal or petition has expired.

Particulars of the charge or charges on which the prisoner of war is to be arraigned, as well as the documents which are generally communicated to the accused by virtue of the laws in force in the armed forces of the Detaining Power, shall be communicated to the accused prisoner of war in a language which he understands, and in good time before the opening of the trial. The same communication in the same circumstances shall be made to the advocate or counsel conducting the defence on behalf of the prisoner of war.

The representatives of the Protecting Power shall be entitled to attend the trial of the case, unless, exceptionally, this is held camera in the interest of State security. In such a case the Detaining Power shall advise the Protecting Power accordingly.

Article 106

Every prisoner of war shall have, in the same manner as the members of the armed forces of the Detaining Power, the right of appeal or petition from any sentence pronounced upon him, with a view to the quashing or revising of the sentence or the reopening of the trial. He shall be fully informed of his right to appeal or petition and of the time limit within which he may do so.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

623

Article 107

Any judgment and sentence pronounced upon a prisoner of war shall be immediately reported to the Protecting Power in the form of a summary communication, which shall also indicate whether he has the right of appeal with a view to the quashing of the sentence or the reopening of the trial. This communication shall likewise be sent to the prisoners* representative concerned. It shall also be sent to the accused prisoner of war in a language he understands, if the sentence was not pronounced in his presence. The Detaining Power shall also immediately communicate to the Protecting Power the decision of the prisoner of war to use or to waive his right of appeal.

Furthermore, if a prisoner of war is finally convicted or if a sentence pronounced on a prisoner of war in the first instance is a death sentence, the Detaining Power shall as soon as possible address to the Protecting Power a detailed communication containing :

(1) the precise wording of the finding and sentence;

(2) a summarised report of any preliminary investigation and of the trial, emphasising in particular the elements of the prosecution and the defence;

(3) notification, where applicable, of the establishment where the sentence will be served.

The communications provided for in the foregoing sub-paragraphs shall be sent to the Protecting Power at the address previously made known to the Detaining Power.

Article 108

Sentences pronounced on prisoners of war after a conviction has become duly enforceable, shall be served in the same establishments and under the same conditions as in the case of members of the armed forces of the Detaining Power. These conditions shall in all cases conform to the requirements of health and humanity.

A woman prisoner of war on whom such a sentence has been pronounced shall be confined in separate quarters and shall be under the supervision of women.

In any case, prisoners of war sentenced to a penalty depriving them of their liberty shall retain the benefit of the provisions of Articles 78 and 126 of the present Convention. Furthermore, they shall be entitled to receive and despatch correspondence, to receive at least one relief parcel monthly, to take regular exercise in the open air, to have the medical care required by their state of health, and the spiritual assistance they may desire. Penalties to which they may be subjected shall be in accordance with the provisions of Article 87, third paragraph.

3rd Sch. —com.

624

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 ELiz. 2

3bd Sea.

—cont.

PART IV.—TERMINATION OF CAPTIVITY

Section I.—Direct Repatriation and Accommodation in Neutral Countries

Article 109

Subject to the provisions of the third paragraph of this Article, Parties to the conflict are bound to send bade to their own country, regardless of number or rank, seriously wounded and seriously sick prisoners of war. after having cared for diem until they are fit to travel, in accordance with the first paragraph of the following Article.

Throughout the duration of hostilities. Parties to the conflict shall endeavour, with the co-operation of the neutral Powers concerned, to make arrangements for the accommodation in neutral countries of the sick and wounded prisoners of war referred to in the second paragraph of the following Article. They may, in addition, conclude agreements with a view to the direct repatriation or internment in a neutral country of able-bodied prisoners of war who have undergone a long period of captivity.

No sick or injured prisoner of war who is eligible for repatriation under the first paragraph of this Article, may be repatriated against his will during hostilities.

Article 110

The following shall be repatriated direct:

(1) incurably wounded and sick whose mental or physical fitness seems to have been gravely diminished.

(2) wounded and sick who, according to medical opinion, are not

likely to recover within one year, whose condition requires treatment and whose mental or physical fitness seems to have been gravely diminished.

(3) wounded and sick who have recovered, but whose mental or physical fitness seems to have been gravely and permanently diminished.

The following may be accommodated in a neutral country:

(1) wounded and sick whose recovery may be expected within

one year of the date of the wound or the beginning of the illness, if treatment in a neutral country might increase the prospects of a more certain and speedy recovery.

(2) prisoners of war whose mental or physical health, according

to medical opinion, is seriously threatened by continued captivity, but whose accommodation in a neutral country might remove such a threat.

The conditions which prisoners of war accommodated in a neutral country must fulfil in order to permit their repatriation shall be fixed, as shall likewise their status, by agreement between the Powers concerned. In general, prisoners of war who have been accommodated

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

625

in a neutral country, and who belong to the following categories, should be repatriated:

(1) those whose state of health has deteriorated so as to fulfil the conditions laid down for direct repatriation;

(2) those whose mental or physical powers remain, even after treatment, considerably impaired.

If no special agreements are concluded between the Parties to the conflict concerned, to determine the cases of disablement or sickness entailing direct repatriation or accommodation in a neutral country, such cases shall be settled in accordance with the principles laid down in the Model Agreement concerning direct repatriation and accommodation in neutral countries of wounded and sick prisoners of war and in the Regulations concerning Mixed Medical Commissions annexed to the present Convention.

Article 111

The Detaining Power, the Power on which the prisoners of war depend, and a neutral Power agreed upon by these two Powers, shall endeavour to conclude agreements which will enable prisoners of war to be interned in the territory of the said neutral Power until the close of hostilities.

Article 112

Upon the outbreak of hostilities. Mixed Medical Commissions shall be appointed to examine sick and wounded prisoners of war, and to make all appropriate decisions regarding them. The appointment, duties and functions of these Commissions shall be in conformity with the provisions of the Regulations annexed to the present Convention.

However, prisoners of war who, in the opinion of the medical authorities of the Detaining Power, are manifestly seriously injured or seriously sick, may be repatriated without having to be examined by a Mixed Medical Commission.

Article 113

Besides those who are designated by the medical authorities of the Detaining Power, wounded or sick prisoners of war belonging to the categories listed below shall be entitled to present themselves for examination by the Mixed Medical Commissions provided for in the foregoing Article:

(1) wounded and sick proposed by a physician or surgeon who

is of the same nationality, or a national of a Party to the conflict allied with the Power on which the said prisoners depend, and who exercises his functions in the camp;

(2) wounded and sick proposed by their prisoners* representative;

(3) wounded and sick proposed by the Power on which they

depend, or by an organisation duly recognised by the said Power and giving assistance to the prisoners.

3rd Sch.

—cont.

626

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. Prisoners of war who do not belong to one of the three foregoing —cont. categories may nevertheless present themselves for examination by Mixed Medical Commissions, but shall be examined only after those belonging to the said categories.

The physician or surgeon of the same nationality as the prisoners who present themselves for examination by the Mixed Medical Commission, likewise the prisoners' representative of the said prisoners, shall have permission to be present at the examination.

Article 114

Prisoners of war who meet with accidents shall, unless the injury is self-inflicted, have the benefit of the provisions of this Convention as regards repatriation or accommodation in a neutral country.

Article 115

No prisoner of war on whom a disciplinary punishment has been imposed and who is eligible for repatriation or for accommodation in a neutral country, may be kept back on the plea that he has not undergone his punishment.

Prisoners of war detained in connexion with a judicial prosecution or conviction and who are designated for repatriation or accommodation in a neutral country, may benefit by such measures before the end of the proceedings or the completion of the punishment, if the Detaining Power consents.

Parties to the conflict shall communicate to each other the names of those who will be detained until the end of the proceedings or the completion of the punishment.

Article 116

The costs of repatriating prisoners of war or of transporting them to a neutral country shall be borne, from the frontiers of the Detaining Power, by the Power on which the said prisoners depend.

Article 117

No repatriated person may be employed on active military service.

Section II—Release and Repatriation of Prisoners of War

AT THE CLOSE OF HOSTILITIES

Article 118

Prisoners of war shall be released and repatriated without delay after the cessation of active hostilities.

In the absence of stipulations to the above effect in any agreement concluded between the Parties to the conflict with a view to the cessation of hostilities, or failing any such agreement, each of the Detaining Powers shall itself establish and execute without delay a plan of repatriation in conformity with the principle laid down in the foregoing paragraph.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

627

In either case, the measures adopted shall be brought to the knowledge of the prisoners of war.

The costs of repatriation of prisoners of war shall in all cases be equitably apportioned between the Detaining Power and the Power on which the prisoners depend. This apportionment shall be carried out on the following basis:

(a) If the two Powers are contiguous, the Power on which the prisoners of war depend shall bear the costs of repatriation from the frontiers of the Detaining Power.

(b) If the two Powers are not contiguous, the Detaining Power shall bear the costs of transport of prisoners of war over its own territory as far as its frontier or its port of embarkation nearest to the territory of the Power on which the prisoners of war depend. The Parties concerned shall agree between themselves as to the equitable apportionment of the remaining costs of the repatriation. The conclusion of this agreement shall in no circumstances justify any delay in the repatriation of the prisoners of war.

Article 119

Repatriation shall be effected in conditions similar to those laid down in Articles 46 to 48 inclusive of the present Convention for the transfer of prisoners of war, having regard to the provisions of Article 118 and to those of the following paragraphs.

On repatriation, any articles of value impounded from prisoners of war under Article 18, and any foreign currency which has not been converted into the currency of the Detaining Power, shall be restored to them. Articles of value and foreign currency which, for any reason whatever, are not restored to prisoners of war on repatriation, shall be despatched to the Information Bureau set up under Article 122.

Prisoners of war shall be allowed to take with them their personal effects, and any correspondence and parcels which have arrived for them. The weight of such baggage may be limited, if the conditions of repatriation so require, to what each prisoner can reasonably carry. Each prisoner shall in all cases be authorised to carry at least twenty-five kilograms.

The other personal effects of the repatriated prisoner shall be left in the charge of the Detaining Power which shall have them forwarded to him as soon as it has concluded an agreement to this effect, regulating the conditions of transport and the payment of the costs involved, with the Power on which the prisoner depends.

Prisoners of war against whom criminal proceedings for an indictable offence are pending may be detained until the end of such proceedings, and, if necessary, until the completion of the punishment. The same shall apply to prisoners of war already convicted for an indictable offence.

Parties to the conflict shall communicate to each other the names of any prisoners of war who are detained until the end of proceedings or until punishment has been completed.

3rd Sob.

—amt.

628

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 ELiz. 2

3* Sch. By agreement between the Parties to the conflict, commissions shall —cont. be established for the purpose of searching for dispersed prisoners of war and of assuring their repatriation wkh the least possible delay.

Section III.—Death of Prisoners of War Article 120

Wills of prisoners of war shall be drawn up so as to satisfy the conditions of validity required by the legislation of their country of origin, which will take steps to inform the Detaining Power of its requirements in this respect. At the request of the prisoner of war and, in all cases, after death, the will shall be transmitted without delay to the Protecting Power; a certified copy shall be sent to the Central Agency.

Death certificates, in the form annexed to the present Convention, or lists certified by a responsible officer, of all persons who die as prisoners of war shall be forwarded as rapidly as possible to the Prisoner of War Information Bureau established in accordance with Article 122. The death certificates or certified lists shall show particulars of identity as set out in the third paragraph of Article 17. and also the date and place of death, the cause of death, the date and place of burial and all particulars necessary to identify the graves.

The burial or cremation of a prisoner of war shall be preceded by a medical examination of the body with a view to confirming death and enabling a report to be made and, where necessary, establishing identity.

The detaining authorities shall ensure that prisoners of war who have died in captivity, are honourably buried, if possible according to the rites of the religion to which they belonged, and that their graves are respected, suitably maintained and marked so as to be found at any time. Wherever possible, deceased prisoners of war who depended on the same Power shall be interred in the same place.

Deceased prisoners of war shall be buried in individual graves unless unavoidable circumstances require the use of collective graves. Bodies may be cremated only for imperative reasons of hygiene, on account of the religion of the deceased or in accordance with his express wish to this effect. In case of cremation, the fact shall be stated and the reasons given in the death certificate of the deceased.

In order that graves may always be found, all particulars of burials and graves shall be recorded with a Graves Registration Service established by the Detaining Power. Lists of graves and particulars of the prisoners of war interred in cemeteries and elsewhere shall be transmitted to the Power on which such prisoners of war depended. Responsibility for the care of these graves and for records of any subsequent moves of the bodies shall rest on the Power controlling the territory, if a Party to the present Convention. These provisions shall also apply to the ashes, which shall be kept by the Graves Registration Service until proper disposal thereof in accordance with the wishes of the home country.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

629

Article 121

Every death or serious injury of a prisoner of war caused or suspected to have been caused by a sentry, another prisoner of war, or any other person, as well as any death the cause of which is unknown, shall be immediately followed by an official enquiry by the Detaining Power.

A communication on this subject shall be sent immediately to the Protecting Power. Statements shall be taken from witnesses, especially from those who are prisoners of war, and a report including such statements shall be forwarded to the Protecting Power.

If the enquiry indicates the guilt of one or more persons, the Detaining Power shall take all measures for the prosecution of the person or persons responsible.

PART V.—INFORMATION BUREAUX AND RELIEF SOCIETIES FOR PRISONERS OF WAR

Article 122

Upon the outbreak of a conflict and in all cases of occupation, each of the Parties to the conflict shall institute an official Information Bureau for prisoners of war who are in its power. Neutral or nonbelligerent Powers who may have received within their territory persons belonging to one of the categories referred to in Article 4. shall take the same action with respect to such persons. The Power concerned shall ensure that the Prisoners of War Information Bureau is provided with the necessary accommodation, equipment and staff to ensure its efficient working. It shall be at liberty to employ prisoners of war in such a Bureau under the conditions laid down in the Section of the present Convention dealing with work by prisoners of war.

Within the shortest possible period, each of the Parties to the conflict shall give its Bureau the information referred to in the fourth, fifth and sixth paragraphs of this Article regarding any enemy person belonging to one of the categories referred to in Article 4, who has fallen into its power. Neutral or non-belligerent Powers shall take the same action with regard to persons belonging to such categories whom they have received within their territory.

The Bureau shall immediately forward such information by the most rapid means to die Powers concerned, through the intermediary of the Protecting Powers and likewise the Central Agency provided for in Article 123.

This information shall make it possible quickly to advise the next of kin concerned. Subject to the provisions of Article 17, the information shall include, in so far as available to the Information Bureau, in respect of each prisoner of war. his surname, first names, rank, army, regimental, personal or serial number, place and full date of birth, indication of the Power on which he depends, first name of the father and maiden name of the mother, name and address of the person to be informed and the address to which correspondence for the prisoner may be sent

3rd Sea. —com.

630

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. —cant.

The Information Bureau shall receive from the various departments concerned information regarding transfers, releases, repatriations. escapes, admissions to hospital, and deaths, and shall transmit such information in the manner described in the third paragraph above.

Likewise, information regarding the state of health of prisoners of war who are seriously ill or seriously wounded shall be supplied regularly, every week if possible.

The Information Bureau shall also be responsible for replying to all enquiries sent to it concerning prisoners of war, including those who have died in captivity; it will make any enquiries necessary to obtain the information which is asked for if this is not in its possession.

All written communications made by the Bureau shall be authenticated by a signature or a seal.

The Information Bureau shall furthermore be charged with collecting all personal valuables, including sums in currencies other than that of the Detaining Power and documents of importance to the next of kin, left by prisoners of war who have been repatriated or released, or who have escaped or died, and shall forward the said valuables to the Powers concerned. Such articles shall be sent by the Bureau in sealed packets which shall be accompanied by statements giving clear and full particulars of the identity of the person to whom the articles belonged, and by a complete list of the contents of the parcel. Other personal effects of such prisoners of war shall be transmitted under arrangements agreed upon between the Parties to the conflict concerned.

Article 123

A Central Prisoners of War Information Agency shall be created in a neutral country. The International Committee of the Red Cross shall, if it deems necessary, propose to the Powers concerned the organisation of such an Agency.

The function of the Agency shall be to collect all information it may obtain through official or private channels respecting prisoners of war, and to transmit it as rapidly as (possible to the country of origin of the prisoners of war or to the Power on which they depend. It shall receive from the Parties to the conflict all facilities for effecting such transmissions.

The High Contracting Parties, and in particular those whose nationals benefit by the services of the Central Agency, are requested to give the said Agency the financial aid it may require.

The foregoing provisions shall in no way be interpreted as restricting the humanitarian activities of the International Committee of the Red Cross, or of the relief societies provided for in Article 125.

Article 124

The national Information Bureaux and the Central Information Agency shall enjoy free postage for mail, likewise all the exemptions provided for in Article 74, and further, so far as possible, exemption from telegraphic charges or, at least, greatly reduced rates.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

631

Article 125

Subject to the measures which the Detaining Powers may consider essential to ensure their security or to meet any other reasonable need the representatives of religious organisations, relief societies, or any other organisation assisting prisoners of war, shall receive from the said Powers, for themselves and their duly accredited agents, all necessary facilities for visiting the prisoners, for distributing relief supplies and material, from any source, intended for religious, educational or recreative purposes, and for assisting them in organising their leisure time within the camps. Such societies or organisations may be constituted in the territory of the Detaining Power or in any other country, or they may have an international character.

The Detaining Power may limit the number of societies and organisations whose delegates are allowed to carry out their activities in its territory and under its supervision, on condition, however, that such limitation shall not hinder the effective operation of adequate relief to all prisoners of war.

The special position of the International Committee of the Red Cross in this field shall be recognised and respected at all times.

As soon as relief supplies or material intended for the above-mentioned purposes are handed over to prisoners of war, or very shortly afterwards, receipts for each consignment, signed by the prisoners* representative, shall be forwarded to the relief society or organisation making the shipment. At the same time, receipts for these consignments shall be supplied by the administrative authorities responsible for guarding the prisoners.

PART VI.—EXECUTION OF THE CONVENTION Section 1.—General Provisions Article 126

Representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers shall have permission to go to all places where prisoners of war may be, particularly to places of internment, imprisonment and labour, and shall have access to all premises occupied by prisoners of war; they shall also be allowed to go to the places of departure, passage and arrival of prisoners who are being transferred. They shall be able to interview the prisoners, and in particular the prisoners* representatives, without witnesses, either personally or through an interpreter.

Representatives and delegates of the Protecting Powers shall have full liberty to select the places they wish to visit. The duration and frequency of these visits shall not be restricted. Visits may not be prohibited except for reasons of imperative military necessity, and then only as an exceptional and temporary measure.

The Detaining Power and the Power on which the said prisoners of war depend may agree, if necessary, that compatriots of these prisoners of war be permitted to participate in the visits.

3rd Sch. —cont.

632

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. —cant.

Section 1.

The delegates of the International Committee of the Red Gross shall enjoy the same prerogatives. The appointment of such delegates shall be submitted to the approval of the Power detaining the prisoners of war to be visited.

Article 127

The High Contracting Parties undertake, in time of peace as in time of war, to disseminate the text of the present Convention as widely as possible in their respective countries, and, in particular, to include the study thereof in their programmes of military and, if possible, dvil instruction, so that the principles thereof may become known to all their armed forces and to the entire population.

Any military or other authorities, who in time of war assume responsibilities in respect of prisoners of war, must possess the text of the Convention and be spedally instructed as to its provisions.

Article 128

The High Contracting Parties shall communicate to one another through the Swiss Federal Council and, during hostilities, through the Protecting Powers, the official translations of the present Convention, as well as the laws and regulations which they may adopt to ensure the application thereof.

Article 129

The High Contracting Parties undertake to enact any legislation necessary to provide effective penal sanctions for persons committing, or ordering to be committed, any of the grave breaches of the present Convention defined in the following Article.

Each High Contracting Party shall be under the obligation to search for persons alleged to have committed, or to have ordered to be committed, such grave breaches, and shall bring such persons, regardless of their nationality, before its own courts. It may also, if it prefers, and1 in accordance with the provisions of its own legislation. hand such persons over for trial to another High Contracting Party concerned, [provided such High Contracting Party has made out a prime jade case.

Each High Contracting Party shall take measures necessary for the suppression of all acts contrary to the provisions of the present Convention other than the grave breaches defined in the following Article.

In all circumstances, the accused persons shall benefit by safeguards of proper trial and defence, which shall not be less favourable than those provided by Article 105 and those following of the present Convention.

Article 130

Grave breaches to which the preceding Article relates shall be those involving any of the following acts, if committed against persons or property protected by the Convention: wilful killing, torture or inhuman treatment, including biological experiments, wilfully causing

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

633

erf great suffering or serious injury to body or health, compelling a prisoner of war to serve in the forces of the hostile Power, or wilfully depriving a prisoner of war of the rights of fair and regular trial prescribed in thus Convention.

Article 131

No High Contracting Party shall be allowed to absolve itself or any other High Contracting Party of any liability incurred by itself or by another High Contracting Party in respect of breaches referred to in the preceding Article.

Article 132

At the request of a Party to the conflict, an enquiry shall be instituted, in a manner to be decided between the interested Parties, concerning any alleged violation of the Convention.

If agreement has not been reached concerning the procedure for the enquiry, the Parties should agree on the choice of an umpire who will decide upon the procedure to be followed.

Once the violation has been established, the Parties to the conflict shall put an end to it and shall repress it with the least possible delay.

SECTION n.—Final Provisions

Article 133

The present Convention is established in English and in French. Both texts are equally authentic.

The Swiss Federal Council shall arrange for official translations of the Convention to be made in the Russian and Spanish languages.

Article 134

The present Convention replaces the Convention of 27th July, 1929, in relations between the High Contracting Parties.

Article 135

In the relations between the Powers which are bound by the Hague Convention relative to the Laws and Customs of War on Land, whether that of 29th July, 1899, or that of 18th October, 1907, and which are parties to the present Convention, this last Convention shall be complementary to Chapter II of the Regulations annexed to the above-mentioned Conventions of the Hague.

Article 136

The present Convention, which bears the date of this day. is open to signature until 12th February, 1950, in the name of the Powers represented at the Conference which opened at Geneva on 21st April, 1949; furthermore, by Powers not represented at that Conference, but which are parties to the Convention of 27th July, 1929.

3rd Sc8.

—amt.

634

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Scar.

—amt.

Article 137

The present Convention shall be ratified as soon as possible and the ratifications shall be deposited at Berne.

A record shall be drawn up of the deposit of each instrument of ratification and certified copies of this record shall be transmitted by the Swiss Federal Council to all the Powers in whose name the Convention has been signed, or whose accession has been notified.

Article 138

The present Convention shall come into force six months after not less than two instruments of ratification have been deposited.

Thereafter, it shall come into force for each High Contracting Party six months after the deposit of the instrument of ratification.

Article 139

From the date of its coming into force, it shall be open to any Power in whose name the present Convention has not been signed, to accede to this Convention.

Article 140

Accessions shall be notified in writing to the Swiss Federal Council, and shall take effect six months after the date on which they are received.

The Swiss Federal Council shall communicate the accessions to all the Powers in whose name the Convention has been signed, or whose accession has been notified.

Article 141

The situations provided for in Articles 2 and 3 shall give immediate effect to ratifications deposited and accessions notified by the Parties to the conflict before or after the beginning of hostilities or occupation. The Swiss Federal Council shall communicate by the quickest method any ratifications or accessions received from Parties to the conflict.

Article 142

Each of the High Contracting Parties shall be at liberty to denounce the present Convention.

The denunciation shall be notified in writing to the Swiss Federal Council, which shall transmit it to the Governments of all the High Contracting Parties.

The denunciation shall take effect one year after the notification thereof has been made to the Swiss Federal Council However, a denunciation of which notification has been made at a time when the denouncing Power is involved in a conflict shall not take effect until peace has been concluded, and until after operations connected with release and repatriation of the persons protected by the present Convention have been terminated.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

635

The denunciation shall have effect only in respect of the denouncing Power. It shadl in no way impair the obligations which the Parties to the conflict shall remain bound to fulfil by virtue of the principles of the law of nations, as they result from die usages established among civilised peoples, from the laws of humanity and the dictates of the public conscience.

Article 143

The Swiss Federal Council shall register the present Convention with the Secretariat of the United Nations. The Swiss Federal Council shall also inform the Secretariat of the United Nations of all ratifications, accessions and denunciations received by it with respect to the present Convention.

In witness whereof the undersigned, having deposited their respective full powers, have signed the present Convention.

Done at Geneva this twelfth day of August, 1949, in the English and French languages. The original shall be deposited in the archives of the Swiss Confederation. The Swiss Federal Council shall transmit certified copies thereof to each of the signatory and acceding States.

[Here follow the signatures and Annexes.]

FOURTH SCHEDULE

GENEVA CONVENTION RELATIVE TO THE PROTECTION OF CIVILIAN PERSONS IN TIME OF WAR

Geneva, 12 th August, 1949

The undersigned Plenipotentiaries of the Governments represented at the Diplomatic Conference held at Geneva from 21st April to 12th August, 1949, for the purpose of establishing a Convention for the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, have agreed as follows:

PART I.—GENERAL PROVISIONS Article 1

The High Contracting Parties undertake to respect and to ensure respect for the present Convention in all circumstances.

Article 2

In addition to the provisions which shall be implemented in peace time, the present Convention shall apply to all cases of declared war or of any other armed conflict which may arise between two or more of the High Contracting Parties, even if the state of war is not recognised by one of them.

3rd Sea.

—amt.

Sections 1.7.

636

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4ra Sea. The Convention shall also apply to all cases of partial or total

—cont. occupation of the territory of a High Contracting Party, even if the said occupation meets with no armed resistance.

Although one of the Powers in conflict may not be a party to the present Convention, the Powers who are parties thereto shall remain bound by it in their mutual relations. They shall furthermore be bound by the Convention in relation to the said Power, if the latter accepts and applies the provisions thereof.

Article 3

In the case of armed conflict not of an international character occurring in the territory of one of the High Contracting Parties, each Party to the conflict shall be bound to apply, as a minimum, the following provisions:

(1) Persons taking no active part in the hostilities, including

members of armed forces who have laid down their arms and those placed hors de combat by sickness, wounds, detention, or any other cause, shall in all circumstances be treated humanely, without any adverse distinction founded on race, colour, religion or faith, sex, birth or wealth, or any other similar criteria.

To this end, the following acts are and shall remain prohibited at any time and in any place whatsoever with respect to the above-mentioned persons:

(a) violence to life and person, in particular, murder of all kinds, mutilation, cruel treatment and torture;

(b) taking of hostages;

(c) outrages upon personal dignity, in particular, humiliating and degrading treatment;

{) the passing of sentences and the carrying out of executions without previous judgment pronounced by a regularly constituted court, affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognised as indispensable by civilised peoples.

(2) The wounded and sick shall be collected and cared for.

An impartial humanitarian body, such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, may offer its services to the Parties to the conflict.

The Parties to the conflict should further endeavour to bring into force, by means of special agreements, all or part of the other provisions of the present Convention.

The application of the preceding provisions shall not affect the legal status of the Parties to the confect.

Article 4

Persons protected by the Convention are those who, at a given moment and in any manner whatsoever, find themselves, in case of a conflict or occupation, in the hands of a Party to the conflict or Occupying Power of which they are not nationals.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

637

Nationals of a State which is not bound by the Convention are not protected by it. Nationals of a neutral State who find themselves in the territory of a belligerent State, and nationals of a co-belligerent State, shall not be regarded as protected persons while the State of which they are nationals has normal diplomatic representation in the State in whose hands they are.

The provisions of Part II are, however, wider in application, as defined in Article 13.

Persons protected by the Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field of 12th August, 1949, or by the Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded, Sick and Shipwrecked Members of Armed Forces at Sea of 12th August, 1949, or by the Geneva Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War of 12th August, 1949, shall not be considered as protected persons within the meaning of the present Convention.

Article 5

Where, in the territory of a Party to the conflict, the latter is satisfied that an individual protected person is definitely suspected of or engaged in activities hostile to the security of the State, such individual person shall not be entitled to claim such rights and privileges under the present Convention as would, if exercised in the favour of such individual person, be prejudicial to the security of such State.

Where in occupied territory an individual protected person is detained as a spy or saboteur, or as a person under definite suspicion of activity hostile to the security of the Occupying Power, such person shall, in those cases where absolute military security so requires, be regarded as having forfeited rights of communication under the present Convention.

In each case, such persons shall nevertheless be treated with humanity, and in case of trial, shall not be deprived of the rights of fair and regular trial (prescribed by the present Convention. They shall also be granted the full rights and privileges of a protected person under the present Convention at the earliest date consistent with the security of the State or Occupying Power, as the case may be.

Article 6

The present Convention shall apply from the outset of any conflict or occupation mentioned in Article 2.

In the territory of Parties to the conflict, the application of the present Convention shall cease on the general close of military operations.

In the case of occupied territory, the application of the present Convention shall cease one year after the general close of military operations; however, the Occupying Power shall be bound, for the duration of the occupation, to the extent that such Power exercises the functions of government in such territory, by the provisions of the following Articles of the present Convention: 1 to

12. 27. 29 to 34, 47, 49, 51, 52. 53, 59, 61 to 77, 143.

4th Sgh.

—cont.

638

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. Protected persons whose release, repatriation or re-establishment —eont. may take place after such dates shall meanwhile continue to benefit

by the present Convention.

Article 7

In addition to the agreements expressly provided for in Articles 11, 14, 15, 17, 36, 108, 109, 132, 133 and 149, the High Contracting Parties may conclude other special agreements for all matters concerning which they may deem it suitable to make separate provision. No special agreement shall adversely affect the situation of protected persons, as defined by the present Convention, nor restrict the rights which it confers upon them.

Protected persons shall continue to have the benefit ot such agreements as long as the Convention is applicable to them, except where express provisions to the contrary are contained in the aforesaid or in subsequent agreements, or where more favourable measures have been taken with regard to them by one or other of the Parties to the conflict.

Article 8

Protected persons may in no circumstances renounce in part or in entirety the rights secured to them by the present Convention, and by the special agreements referred to in the foregoing Article, if such there be.

Article 9

The present Convention shall be applied with the co-operation and under the scrutiny of the Protecting Powers whose duty it is to safeguard the interests of the parties to the conflict. For this purpose, the Protecting Powers may appoint, apart from their diplomatic or consular staff, delegates from amongst their own nationals or the nationals of other neutral Powers. The said delegates shall be subject to the approval of the Power with which they are to carry out their duties.

The Parties to the conflict shall facilitate to the greatest extent possible the task of the representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers.

The representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers shall not in any case exceed their mission under the present Convention. They shall, in particular, take account of the imperative necessities of security of the State wherein they cany out their duties.

Article 10

The provisions of the present Convention constitute no obstacle to the humanitarian activities which the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other impartial humanitarian organisation may, subject to the consent of the Parties to the conflict concerned, undertake for the protection of civilian persons and for their relief.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

639

Article 11

The High Contracting Parties may at any time agree to entrust to an organisation which offers all guarantees of impartiality and efficacy the duties incumbent on the Protecting Powers by virtue of the present Convention.

When persons protected by the present Convention do not benefit or cease to benefit, no matter for what reason, by the activities of a Protecting Power or of an organisation provided for in the first paragraph above, the Detaining Power shall request a neutral State, or such an organisation, to undertake the functions performed under the present Convention by a Protecting Power designated by the Parties to a conflict

If protection cannot be arranged accordingly, the Detaining Power shall request or shall accept, subject to the provisions of this Article, the offer of the services of a humanitarian organisation, such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, to assume the humanitarian functions performed by Protecting Powers under the present Convention.

Any neutral Power, or any organisation invited by the Power concerned or offering itself for these purposes, shall be required to act with a sense of responsibility towards the Party to the conflict on which persons protected by the present Convention depend, and shall be required to furnish sufficient assurances that it is in a position to undertake the appropriate functions and to discharge them impartially.

No derogation from the preceding provisions shall be made by special agreements between Powers one of which is restricted, even temporarily, in its freedom to negotiate with the other Power or its allies by reason of military events, more particularly where the whole, or a substantial part, of the territory of the said Power is occupied.

Whenever in the present Convention mention is made of a Pro-tecting Power, such mention applies to substitute organisations in the sense of the present Article.

The provisions of this Article shall extend and be adapted to cases of nationals of a neutral State who are in occupied territoty or who find themselves in the territory of a belligerent State in which the State of which they are nationals has not normal diplomatic representation.

Article 12

In cases where they deem it advisable in the interest of protected persons, particularly in cases of disagreement between the Parties to the conflict as to the application or interpretation of the provisions of the present Convention, the Protecting Powers shall lend their good offices with a view to settling the disagreement.

For this purpose, each of the Protecting Powers may, either at the invitation of one Party or on its own initiative, propose to the Parties to the conflict a meeting of their representatives, and in particular of the authorities responsible for protected persons.

4th Sea. —COM.

640

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sgh. possibly on neutral territory suitably chosen. The Parties to the —corn conflict shall be bound to give effect to the proposals made to them for this purpose. The Protecting Powers may, if necessary, propose for approval by the Parties to die conflict, a person belonging to a neutral Power or delegated by the International Committee of the Red Cross, who shall be invited to take part in such a meeting.

PART U.—GENERAL PROTECTION OF POPULATIONS AGAINST CERTAIN CONSEQUENCES OF WAR

Article 13

The provisions of Part II cover the whole of the populations of the countries in conflict, without any adverse distinction based, in particular, on race, nationality, religion or political opinion, and are intended to alleviate the sufferings caused by war.

Article 14

In time of peace, the High Contracting Parties and, after the outbreak of hostilities, the Parties thereto, may establish in their own territory and, if the need arises, in occupied areas, hospital and safety zones and localities so organised as to protect from the effects of war. wounded, sick and aged persons, children under fifteen, expectant mothers and mothers of children under seven.

Upon the outbreak and during the course of hostilities, the Parties concerned may conclude agreements on mutual recognition of the zones and localities they have created. They may for this purpose implement the provisions of the Draft Agreement annexed to the present Convention, with such amendments as they may consider necessary.

The Protecting Powers and the International Committee of the Red Cross are invited to lend their good offices in order to facilitate the institution and recognition of these hospital and safety zones and localities.

Article 15

Any Party to the conflict may, either direct or through a neutral State or some humanitarian organisation, propose to the adverse Party to establish, in the regions where fighting is taking place, neutralised zones intended to shelter from the effects of war the following persons, without distinction :

(a) wounded and sick combatants or non-combatants;

(b) civilian persons who take no part in hostilities, and who, while they reside in the zones, perform no work of a military character.

When the Parties concerned have agreed upon the geographical position, administration, food supply and supervision of the proposed neutralised zone, a written agreement shall be concluded and signed by the representatives of the Parties to the conflict. The agreement shall fix the beginning and the duration of the neutralisation of the zone.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

641

Article 16

The wounded and sick, as well as the infirm, and expectant mothers, shall be the object of particular protection and respect.

As far as military considerations allow, each Party to the conflict shall facilitate the steps taken to search for the killed and wounded, to assist the shipwrecked and other persons exposed to grave danger, and to protect them against pillage and ill-treatment.

Article 17

The Parties to the conflict shall endeavour to conclude local agreements for the removal from besieged or encircled areas, of wounded, sick, infirm, and aged persons, children and maternity cases, and for the passage of ministers of all religions, medical personnel and medical equipment on their way to such areas.

Article 18

Civilian hospitals organised to give care to the wounded and sick, the infirm and maternity cases, may in no circumstances be the object of attack, but shall at all times be respected and protected by the Parties to the conflict.

States which are Parties to a conflict shall provide all civilian hospitals with certificates showing that they are civilian hospitals and that the buildings which they occupy are not used for any purpose which would deprive these hospitals of protection in accordance with Article 19.

Civilian hospitals shall be marked by means of the emblem provided for in Article 38 of the Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field of 12th August, 1949, but only if so authorised by the State.

The Parties to the conflict shall, in so far as military considerations permit, take the necessary steps to make the distinctive emblems indicating civilian hospitals clearly visible to the enemy land, air and naval forces in order to obviate the possibility of any hostile action.

In view of the dangers to which hospitals may be exposed by being close to military objectives, it is recommended that such hospitals be situated as far as possible from such objectives.

Article 19

The protection to which civilian hospitals are entitled shall not cease unless they are used to commit, outside their humanitarian duties, acts harmful to the enemy. Protection may, however, cease only after due warning has been given, naming, in all appropriate cases, a reasonable time limit and after such warning has remained unheeded.

The fact that sick or wounded members of the armed forces are nursed in these hospitals, or the presence of small arms and ammunition taken from such combatants and not yet handed to the proper service, shall not be considered to be acts harmful to the enemy.

x

4 th Sch. —cont.

642

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 ELiz. 2

4th Sch. —coni.

Article 20

Persons regularly and solely engaged in the operation and administration of civilian hospitals, including the personnel engaged in the search for, removal and transporting of and caring for wounded and sick civilians, the infirm and maternity cases, shall be respected and protected.

In occupied territory and in zones of military operations, the above personnel shall be recognisable by means of an identity card certifying their status, bearing the photograph of the holder and embossed with the stamp of the responsible authority, and also by means of a stamped, water-resistant armlet which they shall wear on the left arm while carrying out their duties. This armlet shall be issued by the State and shall bear the emblem provided for in Article 38 of the Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field of 12th August, 1949.

Other personnel who are engaged in the operation and administration of civilian hospitals shall be entitled to respect and protection and to wear the armlet, as provided in and under the conditions prescribed in this Article, while they are employed on such duties. The identity card shall state the duties on which they are employed.

The management of each hospital shall at all times hold at the disposal of the competent national or occupying authorities an up-to-date list of such personnel.

Article 21

Convoys of vehicles or hospital trains on land or specially provided vessels on sea, conveying wounded and sick civilians, the infirm and maternity cases shall be respected and protected in the same manner as the hospitals provided for in Article 18, and shall be marked, with the consent of the State, by the display of the distinctive emblem provided for in Article 38 of the Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field of 12th August, 1949.

Article 22

Aircraft exclusively employed for the removal of wounded and side civilians, the infirm and maternity cases, or for the transport of medical personnel and equipment, shall not be attacked, but shall be respected while flying at heights, times and on routes specifically agreed upon between all the Parties to the conflict concerned.

They may be marked with the distinctive emblem provided for in Article 38 of the Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field of 12th August, 1949.

Unless agreed otherwise, flights over enemy or enemy-occupied territory are prohibited.

Such aircraft shall obey every summons to land. In the event of a landing thus imposed, the aircraft with its occupants may continue its flight after examination, if any.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

643

Article 23

Each High Contracting Party shall allow the free passage of all consignments of medical and hospital stores and objects necessary for religious worship intended only for civilians of another High Contracting Party, even if the latter is its adversary. It shall likewise permit the free passage of all consignments of essential foodstuffs, clothing and tonics intended for children under fifteen, expectant mothers and maternity cases.

The obligation of a High Contracting Party to allow the free passage of the consignments indicated in the preceding paragraph is subject to the condition that this Party is satisfied that there are no serious reasons for fearing:

(a) that the consignments may be diverted from their destination,

C b) that the control may not be effective, or

(c) that a definite advantage may accrue to the military efforts or economy of the enemy through the substitution of the above-mentioned consignments for goods which would otherwise be provided or produced by the enemy or through the release of such material, services or facilities as would otherwise be required for the production of such goods.

The Power which allows the passage of the consignments indicated in the first paragraph of this Article may make such permission conditional on the distribution to the persons benefited thereby being made under the local supervision of the Protecting Powers.

Such consignments shall be forwarded as rapidly as possible, and the Power which permits their free passage shah have the right to prescribe the technical arrangements under which such passage is allowed.

Article 24

The Parties to the conflict shall take the necessary measures to ensure that children under fifteen, who are orphaned or are separated from their families as a result of the war, are not left to their own resources, and that their maintenance, the exercise of their religion and their education are facilitated in all circumstances. Their education shall, as far as possible, be entrusted to persons of a similar cultural tradition.

The Parties to the conflict shall facilitate the reception of such children in a neutral country for the duration of the conflict with the consent of the Protecting Power, if any, and under due safeguards for the observance of the principles stated in the first paragraph.

They shall, furthermore, endeavour to arrange for all children under twelve to be identified by the wearing of identity discs, or by some other means.

Article 25

All persons in the territory of a Party to the conflict, or in a territory occupied by it, shall be enabled to give news of a strictly personal nature to members of their families, wherever they may be. and to receive news from them. This correspondence shall be forwarded speedily and without undue delay.

4th Sch. —com.

644

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sgh. If, as a result of circumstances, it becomes difficult or impossible — com. to exchange family correspondence by the ordinary post, the Parties

to the conflict concerned shall apply to a neutral intermediary, such as the Central Agency provided for in Article 140, and shall decide in consultation with it how to ensure the fulfilment of their obligations under the best possible conditions, in particular with the co-operation of the national Red Cross (Red Crescent, Red Lion and Sun) societies.

If the Parties to the conflict deem it necessary to restrict family correspondence, such restrictions shall be confined to the compulsory use of standard forms containing twenty-five freely chosen words, and to the limitation of the number of these forms despatched to one each month.

Article 26

Each Party to the conflict shall facilitate enquiries made by members of families dispersed owing to the war, with the object of renewing contact with one another and of meeting, if possible. It shall encourage, in particular, the work of organisations engaged on this task provided they are acceptable to it and conform to its security regulations.

PART in.—STATUS AND TREATMENT OF PROTECTED

PERSONS

Section I.—Provisions Common to the Territories of the Parties to the Conflict and to Occupied Territories

Article 27

Protected persons are entitled, in all circumstances, to respect for their persons, their honour, their family rights, their religious convictions and practices, and their manners and customs. They shall at all times be humanely treated, and shall be protected especially against all acts of violence or threats thereof and against insults and public curiosity.

Women shall be especially protected against any attack on their honour, in particular against rape, enforced prostitution, or any form of indecent assault.

Without prejudice to the provisions relating to their state of health, age and sex, all protected persons shall be treated with the same consideration by the Party to the conflict in whose power they are, without any adverse distinction, based, in particular, on race, religion or political opinion.

However, the Parties to the conflict may take such measures of control and security in regard to protected persons as may be necessary as a result of the war.

Article 28

The presence of a protected person may not be used to render certain points or areas immune from military operations.

Article 29

The Party to the conflict in whose hands protected persons may be, is responsible for the treatment accorded to them by its agents, irrespective of any individual responsibility which may be incurred.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

645

Article 30

Protected persons shall have every facility for making application to the Protecting Powers, the International Committee of the Red Cross, the national Red Cross (Red Crescent, Red Lion and Sun) society of the country where they may be, as well as to any organisation that might assist them.

These several organisations shall be granted all facilities for that purpose by the authorities, within the bounds set by military or security considerations.

Apart from the visits of the delegates of the Protecting Powers and of the International Committee of the Red Cross, provided for by Artiole 143, the Detaining or Occupying Powers shall facilitate as much as possible visits to protected persons by the representatives of other organisations whose object is to give spiritual aid or material relief to such (persons.

Article 31

No physical or moral coercion shall 'be exercised against protected parsons, in particular to obtain information from them or from third parties.

Article 32

The High Contracting Parties specifically agree that each of them is prohibited from taking any measure of such a character as to cause the physical suffering or extermination of protected persons in their hands. This prohibition applies not only to murder, torture, corporal punishment, mutilation and medical or scientific experiments not necessitated by the medical treatment of a protected person, but also to any other measures of brutality whether applied by civilian or military agents.

Article 33

No protected person may be punished for an offence he or she has not personally committed. Collective penalties and likewise all measures of intimidation or of terrorism are .prohibited.

Pillage is prohibited.

Reprisals against protected persons and their property are prohibited.

Article 34

The taking of hostages is prohibited.

Section n.—Aliens in the Territory of a Party to the Conflict

Article 35

All protected persons who may desire to leave the territory at the outset of, or during a conflict, shall be entitled to do so, unless their departure is contrary to the national interests of the State. The applications of such persons to leave shall be determined in accordance with regularly established procedures and the decision shall be taken as rapidly as possible. Those persons permitted to leave may provide themselves with the necessary funds for their journey and take with them a reasonable amount of their effects and articles of personal use.

4th Sch. —amt.

646

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. If any such person is refused permission to leave the territory. —cont. he shall be entitled to have such refusal reconsidered as soon as

possible by an appropriate court or administrative board designated by the Detaining Power for that purpose.

Upon request, representatives of the Protecting Power shall, unless reasons of security prevent it, or the persons concerned object, be furnished with the reasons for refusal of any request for permission to leave the territory and be given, as expeditiously as possible, the names of all persons who have been denied permission to leave.

Article 36

Departures permitted under the foregoing Article shall be carried out in satisfactory conditions as regards safety, hygiene, sanitation and food. All costs in connexion therewith, from the point of exit in the territory of the Detaining Power, shall be borne by the country of destination, or, in the case of accommodation in a neutral country, by the Power whose nationals are benefited. The practical details of such movements may, if necessary, be settled by special agreements between the Powers concerned.

The foregoing shall not prejudice such special agreements as may be concluded between Parties to the conflict concerning the exchange and repatriation of their nationals in enemy hands.

Article 37

Protected persons who are confined pending proceedings or serving a sentence involving loss of liberty, shall during their confinement be humanely treated.

As soon as they are released, they may ask to leave the territory in conformity with the foregoing Articles.

Article 38

With the exception of special measures authorised by the present Convention, in particular by Articles 27 and 41 thereof, the situation of protected persons shall continue to be regulated, in principle, by the provisions concerning aliens in time of peace. In any case, the following rights shall be granted to them:

(1) they shall be enabled to receive the individual or collective relief that may be sent to them;

(2) they shall, if their state of health so requires, receive medical

attention and hospital treatment to the same extent as the nationals of the State concerned;

(3) they shall be allowed to practise their religion and to receive

spiritual assistance from ministers of their faith;

(4) if they reside in an area particularly exposed to the dangers of war, they shall be authorised to move from that area to the same extent as the nationals of the State concerned;

(5) children under fifteen years, pregnant women and mothers of

children under seven years shall benefit from any preferential treatment to the same extent as the nationals of the State concerned.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

647

Article 39

Protected persons who, as a result of the war, have lost their gainful employment, shall be granted the opportunity to find paid employment. That opportunity shall, subject to security considerations and to the provisions of Article 40, be equal to that enjoyed by the nationals of the Power in whose territory they are.

Where a Party to the conflict applies to a protected person methods of control which result in his being unable to support himself, and especially if such a person is prevented for reasons of security from finding paid employment on reasonable conditions, the said Party shall ensure his support and that of his dependants.

Protected persons may in any case receive allowances from their home country, the Protecting Power, or the relief societies referred to in Article 30.

Article 40

Protected persons may be compelled to work only to the same extent as nationals of the Party to the conflict in whose territory they are.

If protected persons are of enemy nationality, they may only be compelled to do work which is normally necessary to ensure the feeding, sheltering, clothing, transport and health of human beings and which is not directly related to the conduct of military operations.

In the cases mentioned in the two preceding paragraphs, protected persons compelled to work shall have the benefit of the same working conditions and of the same safeguards as national workers, in particular as regards wages, hours of labour, clothing and equipment, previous training and compensation for occupational accidents and diseases.

If the above provisions are infringed, protected persons shall be allowed to exercise their right of complaint in accordance with Article 30.

Articlb 41

Should the Power in whose hands protected persons may be consider the measures of control mentioned in the present Convention to be inadequate, it may not have recourse to any other measure of control more severe than that of assigned residence or internment, in accordance with the provisions of Articles 42 and 43.

In applying the provisions of Article 39, second paragraph, to the cases of persons required to leave their usual places of residence by virtue of a decision placing them in assigned residence elsewhere, the Detaining Power shall be guided as closely as possible by the standards of welfare set forth in Part III, Section IV of this Convention.

Articlb 42

The internment or placing in assigned residence of protected persons may be ordered only if the security of the Detaining Power makes it absolutely necessary.

If any person, acting through the representatives of the Protecting Power, voluntarily demands internment, and if his situation renders this step necessary, he shall be interned by the Power in whose hands he may be.

4th Sea. —cont.

648

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4ih Sgh. —cont.

Article 43

Any protected person who has been interned or placed in assigned residence shall be entitled to have such action reconsidered as soon as possible by an appropriate court or administrative board designated by the Detaining Power for that purpose. If the internment or placing in assigned residence is maintained, the court or administrative board shall periodically, and at least twice yearly, give consideration to his or her case, with a view to the favourable amendment of the initial decision, if circumstances permit.

Unless the protected persons concerned object, the Detaining Power shall, as rapidly as possible, give the Protecting Power die names of any protected persons who have been interned or subjected to assigned residence, or who have been released from internment or assigned residence. The decisions of the courts or boards mentioned in the first paragraph of the present Article shall also, subject to the same conditions, be notified as rapidly as possible to the Protecting Power.

Article 44

In applying the measures of control mentioned in the present Convention, the Detaining Power shall not treat as enemy aliens exclusively on the basis of their nationality de jure of an enemy State, refugees who do not, in fact, enjoy the protection of any Government.

Article 45

Protected persons shall not be transferred to a Power which is not a party to the Convention.

This provision shall in no way constitute an obstacle to the repatriation of protected persons, or to their return to their country of residence after the cessation of hostilities.

Protected persons may be transferred by the Detaining Power only to a Power which is a party to the present Convention and after the Detaining Power has satisfied itself of the willingness and ability of such transferee Power to apply the present Convention. If protected persons are transferred under such circumstances, responsibility for the application of the present Convention rests on the Power accepting them, while they are in its custody. Nevertheless, if that Power fails to carry out the provisions of the present Convention in any important respect, the Power by which the protected persons were transferred shall, upon being so notified by the Protecting Power, take effective measures to correct the situation or shall request the return of the protected persons. Such request must be complied with.

In no circumstances shall a protected person be transferred to a country where he or she may have reason to fear persecution for his or her political opinions or religious beliefs.

The provisions of this Article do not constitute an obstacle to the extradition, in pursuance of extradition treaties concluded before the outbreak of hostilities, of protected persons accused of offences against ordinary criminal law.

Article 46

In so far as they have not been previously withdrawn, restrictive measures taken regarding protected persons shall be cancelled as soon as possible after the close of hostilities.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

649

Restrictive measures affecting their property shall be cancelled, in 4th Sol accordance with the law of the Detaining Power, as soon as possible —cent. after the close of hostilities.

Section III.—Occupied Territories Article 47

Protected persons who are in occupied territory shall not be deprived, in any case or in any manner whatsoever, of the benefits of the present Convention by any change introduced, as the result of the occupation of a territory, into the institutions or government of the said territory, nor by any agreement concluded between the authorities of the occupied territories and the Occupying Power, nor by any annexation by the latter of the whole or part of the occupied territory.

Article 48

Protected persons who are not nationals of the Power whose territory is occupied, may avail themselves of the right to leave the territory subject to the provisions of Article 35, and decisions thereon shall be taken according to the procedure which the Occupying Power shall establish in accordance with the said Article.

Article 49

Individual or mass forcible transfers, as well as deportations of protected persons from occupied territory to the territory of the Occupying Power or to that of any other country, occupied or not, are prohibited, regardless of their motive.

Nevertheless, the Occupying Power may undertake total or partial evacuation of a given area if the security of the population or imperative military reasons so demand. Such evacuations may not involve the displacement of protected persons outside the bounds of the occupied territory except when for material reasons it is impossible to avoid such displacement. Persons thus evacuated shall be transferred back to their homes as soon as hostilities in the area in question have ceased.

The occupying Power undertaking such transfers or evacuations shall ensure, to the greatest practicable extent, that proper accommodation is provided to receive the protected persons, that the removals are effected in satisfactory conditions of hygiene, health, safety and nutrition, and that members of the same family are not separated.

The Protecting Power shall be informed of any transfers and evacuations as soon as they have taken place.

The Occupying Power shall not detain protected persons in an area particularly exposed to the dangers of war unless the security of the population or imperative military reasons so demand.

The Occupying Power shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies.

X*

650

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. —cont.

Article 50

The Occupying Power shall, with the co-operation of the national and local authorities, facilitate the proper working of all institutions devoted to the care and education of children.

The Occupying Power shall take all necessary steps to facilitate the identification of children and the registration of their parentage. It may not, in any case, change their personal status, nor enlist them in formations or organisations subordinate to it.

Should the local institutions be inadequate for the purpose, the Occupying Power shall make arrangements for the maintenance and education, if possible by persons of their own nationality, language and religion, of children who are orphaned or separated from their parents as a result of the war and who cannot be adequately cared for by a near relative or friend.

A special section of the Bureau set up in accordance with Article 136 shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps to identify children whose identity is in doubt. Particulars of their parents or other near relatives should always be recorded if available.

The Occupying Power shall not hinder the application of any preferential measures in regard to food, medical care and protection against the effects of war, which may have been adopted prior to the occupation in favour of children under fifteen years, expectant mothers, and mothers of children under seven years.

Article 51

The Occupying Power may not compel protected persons to serve in its armed or auxiliary forces. No pressure or propaganda which aims at securing voluntary enlistment is permitted.

The Occupying Power may not compel protected persons to work unless they are over eighteen years of age. and then only on work which is necessary either for the needs of the army of occupation, or for the public utility services, or for the feeding, sheltering, clothing, transportation or health of the population of the occupied country. Protected persons may not be compelled to undertake any work which would involve them in the obligation of taking part in military operations. The Occupying Power may not compel protected persons to employ forcible means to ensure the security of the installations where they are performing compulsory labour.

The work shall be carried out only in the occupied territory where the persons whose services have been requisitioned are. Every such person shall, so far as possible, be kept in his usual place of employment. Workers shall be paid a fair wage and the work shall be proportionate to their physical and intellectual capacities. The legislation in force in the occupied country concerning working conditions, and safeguards as regards, in particular, such matters as wages, hours of work, equipment, preliminary training and compensation for occupational accidents and diseases, shall be applicable to the protected persons assigned to the work referred to in this Article.

In no case shall requisition of labour lead to a mobilisation of workers in an organisation of a military or semi-military character.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

651

Article 52

No contract, agreement or regulation shall impair the right of any worker, whether voluntary or not and wherever he may be, to apply to the representatives of the Protecting Power in order to request the said Power’s intervention.

All measures aiming at creating unemployment or at restricting the opportunities offered to workers in an occupied territory, in order to induce them to work for the Occupying Power, are prohibited.

Article 53

Any destruction by the Oooupying Power of real or personal property belonging individually or collectively to private persons, or to the State, or to other public authorities, or to social or co-operative organisations, is prohibited, except where such destruction is rendered absolutely necessary by military operations.

Article 54

Hie Occupying Power may not alter the status of public officials or judges in the occupied territories, or in any way apply sanctions to or take any measures of coercion or discrimination against them, should they abstain from fulfilling their functions for reasons of conscience.

This prohibition does not prejudice the application of the second paragraph of Article 51. It does not affect the right of the Occupying Power to remove public officials from their posts.

Article 55

To the fullest extent of the means available to it, the Occupying Power has the duty of ensuring the food and medical supplies of the population; it should, in particular, bring in the necessary foodstuffs, medical stores and other articles if the resources of the occupied territory are inadequate.

The Occupying Power may not requisition foodstuffs, articles or medical supplies available in the occupied territory, except for use by the occupation forces and administration personnel, and then only if the requirements of the civilian papulation have been taken into account. Subject to the provisions of other international Conventions, the Occupying Power shall make arrangements to ensure that fair value is paid for any requisitioned goods.

The Protecting Power dhall, at any time, be at liberty to verify the state of the food and medical supplies in occupied territories, except where temporary restrictions are made necessary by imperative military requirements.

Article 56

To the fullest extent of the means available to it, the Occupying Power has the duty of ensuring and maintaining, with the co-operation of national and local authorities, die medical and hospital establishments and services, public health and hygiene in die occupied territory, with particular reference to the adoption and application of the prophylactic and preventive measures necessary to combat the spread of contagious diseases and epidemics. Medical personnel of all categories shall be allowed to carry out their duties.

X * 2

4th Sch. —cant.

652

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. If new hospitals are set up in occupied territory and if the com-

—cont. potent organs of the occupied State are not operating there, the

occupying authorities shall, if necessary, grant them the recognition provided for in Article 18. In similar circumstances, the occupying authorities shall also grant recognition to hospital personnel and transport vehicles under the provisions of Articles 20 and 21.

In adopting (measures of health and hygiene and in their implementation, the Occupying Power shall take into consideration the moral and ethical susceptibilities of the population of the occupied territory.

Article 57

The Occupying Power may requisition civilian hospitals only temporarily and only in cases of urgent necessity for the care of military wounded and sick, and then on condition that suitable arrangements are made in due time for the care and treatment of the patients and for the needs of the civilian population for hospital accommodation.

The material and stores of civilian hospitals cannot be requisitioned so long as they are necessary for the needs of the civilian population.

Article 58

The Occupying Power shall permit ministers of religion to give spiritual assistance to the members of their religious communities.

The Occupying Power shall also accept consignments of books and articles required for religious needs and shall facilitate their distribution in occupied territory.

Article 59

If the whole or part of the population of an occupied territory is inadequately supplied, the Occupying Power shall agree to relief schemes on behalf of the said population, and shall facilitate them by all the means at its disposal.

Such schemes, which may be undertaken either by States or by impartial humanitarian organisations such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, shall consist, in particular, of the provision of consignments of foodstuffs, medical supplies and clothing.

All Contracting Parties shall permit the free passage of these consignments and shall guarantee their protection.

A Power granting free passage to consignments on their way to territory occupied by an adverse Party to the conflict shall, however, have the right to search the consignments, to regulate their passage according ito prescribed times and routes, and to be reasonably satisfied through the Protecting Power that these consignments are to be used lor the relief of the needy population and are not to be used for the benefit of the Occupying Power.

Article 60

Relief consignments shall in no way relieve the Occupying Power of any of its responsibilities under Articles 55, 56 and 59. The Occupying Power shall in no way whatsoever divert relief consignments from the purpose for which they are intended, except in cases of urgent necessity, in the interests of the population of the occupied territory and with the consent of the Protecting Power.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

653

Article 61

The distribution of the relief consignments referred to in the foregoing Articles shall be carried out wkh the co-operation and under the supervision of the Protecting Power. This duty may also be delegated, by agreement between the Occupying Power and the Protecting Power, to a neutral Power, to the International Committee of the Red Gross or to any other impartial humanitarian body.

Such consignments shall be exempt in occupied territory from all charges, taxes or customs duties unless these are necessary in the interests of the economy of the territory. The Occupying Power shall facilitate the rapid distribution of these consignments.

All Contracting Parties shall endeavour to permit the transit and transport, free of charge, of such relief consignments on their way to occupied territories.

Article 62

Subject to imperative reasons of security, protected persons in occupied territories shall be permitted to receive the individual relief consignments sent to them.

Article 63

Subject to temporary and exceptional measures imposed for urgent reasons of security by the Occupying Power:

(a) recognised national Red Cross (Red Crescent, Red Lion and

Sun) societies shall be able to -pursue their activities in accordance with Red Cross principles, as defined by the International Red Cross Conferences. Other relief societies shall be permitted to continue their humanitarian activities under similar conditions;

(b) the Occupying Power may not require any changes in the personnel or structure of these societies, which would prejudice the aforesaid activities.

The same principles shall apply to the activities and personnel of special organisations of a non-military character, which already exist or which may be established, for the purpose of ensuring the living conditions of the civilian population by the maintenance of the essential public utility services, by the distribution of relief and by the organisation of rescues.

Article 64

The penal laws of the occupied territory shall remain in force, with the exception that they may be repealed or suspended by the Occupying Power in cases where they constitute a threat to its security or an obstacle to the application of the present Convention. Subject to the latter consideration and to the necessity for ensuring the effective administration of justice, the tribunals of the occupied territory shall continue to function in respect of all offences covered by the said laws.

The Occupying Power may, however, subject the population of the occupied territory to provisions which are essential to enable the Occupying Power to fulfil its obligations under the present Convention, to maintain the orderly government of the territory, and to

4th Sch.

— con

654

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. ensure the security of the Occupying Power, of the members and —coni. property of the occupying forces or administration, and likewise of

the establishments and lines of communication used by them.

Article 65

The penal provisions enacted by the Occupying Power shall not come into force before they have been published and brought to the knowledge of the inhabitants in their own language. The effect of these penal provisions shall not be retroactive.

Article 66

In case of a breach of the penal provisions promulgated by it by virtue of the second paragraph of Article 64, the Occupying Power may hand over the accused to its properly constituted, non-political military courts, on condition that the said courts sit in the occupied country. Courts of appeal shall preferably sit in the occupied country.

Article 67

The courts shall apply only those provisions of law which were applicable prior to the offence, and which are in accordance with general principles of law, in particular the principle that the penalty shall be proportionate to the offence. They shall take into consideration the fact that the accused is not a national of the Occupying Power.

Article 68

Protected persons who commit an offence which is solely intended to harm the Occupying Power, but which does not constitute an attempt on the life or limb of members of the occupying forces or administration, nor a grave collective danger, nor seriously damage the property of the occupying forces or administration or the installations used by them, shall be liable to internment or simple imprisonment, provided the duration of such internment or imprisonment is proportionate to the offence committed. Furthermore, internment or imprisonment shall, for such offences, be the only measure adopted for depriving protected persons of liberty. The courts provided for under Article 66 of the present Convention may at their discretion convert a sentence of imprisonment to one of internment for the same period.

The penal provisions promulgated by the Occupying Power in accordance with Articles 64 and 65 may impose the death penalty on a protected person only in cases where the person is guilty of espionage, of serious acts of sabotage against the military installations of the Occupying Power or of intentional offences which have caused the death of one or more persons, provided that such offences were punishable by death under the law of the occupied territory in force before the occupation -began.

The death penalty may not be pronounced against a protected person unless the attention of the court has been particularly called to the fact that, since the accused is not a national of the Occupying Power, he is not bound to it by any duty of allegiance.

In any case, the death penalty may not be pronounced against a protected person who was under eighteen years of age at the time of the offence.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

655

Article 69

In all cases, the duration of the period during which a protected person accused of an offence is under arrest awaiting trial or punishment shall be deducted from any period of imprisonment awarded.

Article 70

Protected .persons shall not be arrested, prosecuted or convicted by the Occupying Power for acts committed or for opinions expressed before the occupation, or during a temporary interruption thereof, with the exception of breaches of the laws and customs of war.

Nationals of the Occupying Power who, before the outbreak of hostilities, have sought refuge in the territory of the occupied State, shall not be arrested, prosecuted, convicted or deported from the occupied territory, except for offences committed after the outbreak of hostilities, or for offences under common law committed before the outbreak of hostilities which, according to the law of the occupied State, would have justified extradition in time of peace.

Article 71

No sentence shall be pronounced by the competent courts of the Occupying Power except after a regular trial.

Accused persons who are prosecuted by the Occupying Power shall be promptly informed, in writing, in a language which they understand, of the particulars of the charges preferred against them, and shall be brought to trial as rapidly as possible. The Protecting Power shall be informed of all proceedings instituted by the Occupying Power against protected persons in respect of charges involving the death penalty or imprisonment for two years or more; if shall be enabled, at any time, to obtain information regarding the state of such proceedings. Furthermore, the Protecting Power shall be entitled, on request, to be furnished with all particulars of these and of any other proceedings instituted by the Occupying Power against protected persons.

The notification to the Protecting Power, as provided for in the second paragraph above, shall ibe sent immediately, and shall in any case reach the Protecting Power three weeks before the date of the first hearing. Unless, at the opening of the trial, evidence is submitted that the provisions of this Article are fully complied with, the trial shall not proceed. The notification shall include the following particulars:

(a) description of the accused;

(b) place of residence or detention;

(c) specification of the charge or charges (with mention of the

penal provisions under which it is brought);

() designation of the court which will hear the case;

(e) place and date of the first hearing.

Article 72

Accused persons shall have the right ito present evidence necessary to their defence and may, in particular, call witnesses. They shall have the right to be assisted by a qualified advocate or counsel of their own choice, who shall be able to visit them freely and shall enjoy the necessary facilities for preparing the defence.

4th Sol —coni.

656

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. Failing a choice by the accused, the Protecting Power may provide —com. him with an advocate or counsel. When an accused person has to meet a serious charge and the Protecting Power is not functioning, the Occupying Power, subject to the consent of the accused, shall provide an advocate or counsel.

Accused persons shall, unless they freely waive such assistance, be aided by an interpreter, both during preliminary investigation and during the hearing in court. They shall have at any time the right to object to the interpreter and to ask for his replacement.

Article 73

A convicted 'person shall have the right of appeal provided for by the laws applied by the court. He shall be fully informed of his right to appeal or petition and of the time-limit within which he may do so.

The penal procedure provided in the present Section shall apply, as far as it is applicable, to appeals. Where the laws applied by the Court make no provision tor appeals, the convicted person shah have the right to petition against the finding and sentence to the competent authority of the Occupying Power.

Article 74

Representatives of the Protecting Power shall have the right to attend the trial of any protected person, unless the hearing has, as an exceptional measure, to be held in camera in the interests of the security of the Occupying Power, which shall then notify the Protecting Power. A notification in respect of the date and place of trial shall foe sent to the Protecting Power.

Any judgment involving a sentence of death, or imprisonment for two years or more, shall foe communicated, with the relevant grounds, as rapidly as possible to die Protecting Power. The notification shall contain a reference to the notification made under Article 71, and, in the case of sentences of imprisonment, the name of the place where the sentence is to be served. A record of judgments other than those referred to above shall be kept by the court and shall foe open to inspection by representatives of the Protecting Power. Any period allowed for appeal in the case of sentences involving the death penalty or imprisonment of two years or more, shall not run until notification of judgment has been received by the Protecting Power.

Articlb 75

In no case shall persons condemned to death foe deprived of the right of petition for pardon or reprieve.

No death sentence shall 'be carried out before the expiration of a period of at least six months from the date of receipt by the Protecting Power of the notification of the final judgment confirming such death sentence, or of an order denying pardon or reprieve.

The six months period of suspension of the death sentence herein prescribed may foe reduced in individual cases in circumstances of

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

657

grave emergency involving an organised threat to the security of the 4th Sea Occupying Power or its forces, provided always that the Protecting —cont. Power is notified of such reduction and is given reasonable time and opportunity to make representations to the competent occupying authorities in respect of such death sentences.

Articlb 76

Protected persons accused of offences shall be detained in the occupied country, and if convicted they shall serve their sentences therein. They shall, if possible, be separated from other detainees and shall enjoy conditions of food and hygiene which will be sufficient to keep them in good health, and which will be at least equal to those obtaining in prisons in the occupied country.

They shall receive the medical attention required by thek state of health.

They shall also have the right to receive any spiritual assistance which they may require.

Women shall he confined in separate quarters and shall be under the direct supervision of women.

Proper regard shall be paid to the special treatment due to minors.

Protected persons who are detained shall have the right to be visited by delegates of the Protecting Power and of the International Committee of the Red Cross, in accordance with the provisions of Article 143.

Such persons shall have the right to receive at least one relief parcel monthly.

Articlb 77

Protected persons who have been accused of offences or convicted by the courts in occupied territory, shall be handed over at the close of occupation, with the relevant records, to the authorities of the liberated territory.

Articlb 78

If the Occupying Power considers it necessary, for imperative reasons of security, to take safety measures concerning protected persons, it may, at the most, subject them to assigned residence or to internment

Decisions regarding such assigned residence or internment shall be made according to a regular procedure to be prescribed by the Occupying Power in accordance with the provisions of the present Convention. This procedure shall include the right of appeal for the parties concerned. Appeals shall be decided with the least possible delay. In the event of the decision being upheld, it shall be subject to periodical review, if possible every six months, by a competent body set up by the said Power.

Protected persons made subject to assigned residence and thus required to leave their homes shall enjoy the full (benefit of Article 39 of the present Convention.

658

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch.

—cont.

Section IV.—Regulations for the Treatment of Internees

Chapter I.—General Provisions Article 79

The Parties to the conflict shall not intern protected persons, except in accordance with the provisions of Articles 41, 42, 43, 68 and 78.

Article 80

Internees shall retain their full civil capacity and shall exercise such attendant rights as may be compatible with their status.

Article 81

Parties to the conflict who intern protected persons shall be bound to provide free of charge for their maintenance, and to grant them also the medical attention required by their state of health.

No deduction from the allowances, salaries or credits due to the internees shall be made for the repayment of these costs.

The Detaining Power shall provide for the support of those dependent on the internees, if such dependants are without adequate means of support or are unable to earn a living.

Article 82

The Detaining Power shall, as far as possible, accommodate the internees according to their nationality, language and customs. Internees who are nationals of the same country shall not be separated merely because they have different languages.

Throughout the duration of their internment, members of the same family, and in particular parents and children, shall be lodged together in the same place of internment, except when separation of a temporary nature is necessitated for reasons of employment or health or for the purposes of enforcement of the provisions of Chapter DC of the present Section. Internees may request that their children who are left at liberty without parental care shall be interned with them.

Wherever possible, interned members of the same family shall be housed in the same premises and given separate accommodation from other internees, together with facilities for leading a proper family life.

Chapter II.—Places of Internment

Article 83

The Detaining Power shall not set up places of internment in areas particularly exposed to the dangers of war.

The Detaining Power shall give the enemy Powers, through the intermediary of the Protecting Powers, all useful information regarding the geographical location of places of internment.

_ _ _ J

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

659

Whenever military considerations permit, internment camps shall be indicated by the letters IC, placed so as to be clearly visible in the daytime from the air. The Powers concerned may, however, agree upon any other system of marking. No place other than an internment camp shall be marked as such.

Article 84

Internees shall be accommodated and administered separately from prisoners of war and from persons deprived of liberty for any other reason.

Article 85

The Detaining Power is bound to take all necessary and possible measures to ensure that protected -persons shall, from the outset of their internment, be accommodated in buildings or quarters which afford every possible safeguard as regards hygiene and health, and (provide efficient protection against the rigours of the climate and the effects of the war. In no case shall permanent places of internment .be situated in unhealthy areas, or in districts the climate of which is injurious to the internees. In all cases where the district, in which a protected person is temporarily interned, is in an unhealthy area or has a climate which is harmful to his health, he shall be removed to a more suitable place of internment as rapidly as circumstances permit.

The premises shall .be fully protected from dampness, adequately heated and lighted, m particular 'between dusk and lights out. The sleeping quarters shall be sufficiently spacious and well ventilated, and the internees shall have suitable bedding and sufficient blankets, account being taken of the climate, and the age, sex, and state of health of the internees.

Internees shall have for their use, day and night, sanitary conveniences which conform to the rules of hygiene and are constantly maintained in a slate of cleanliness. They shall be provided with sufficient water and soap for their daily personal toilet and for washing their personal laundry; installations and facilities necessary for this purpose shall be granted to them. Showers or baths shall also be available. The necessary time shall be set aside for washing and for cleaning.

Whenever it is necessary, as an exceptional and temporary measure, to accommodate women internees ,who are not members of a family unit in the same place of internment as men, the provision of separate sleeping quarters and sanitary conveniences for the use of such women internees shall be obligatory.

Article 86

The Detaining Power shall .place at the disposal of interned persons, of whatever denomination, premises suitable for the holding of their religious services.

Article 87

Canteens shall be installed in every place of internment, except where other suitable facilities are available. The purpose shall be to

4th Sch.

—cont.

660

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. enable internees to make purchases, at prices not higher than local —cent, market prices, of foodstuffs and articles of everyday use, including soap and tobacco, such as would increase their personal well-being and comfort.

Profits made by canteens shall be credited to a welfare fund to be set up for each place of internment, and administered for the benefit of the internees attached to such place of internment. The Internee Committee provided for in Article 102 shall have the right to check the management of the canteen and of the said fund.

When a place of internment is closed down, the balance of the welfare fund shall be transferred to the welfare fund of a place of internment for internees of the same nationality, or, if such a place does not exist, to a central welfare fund which shall be administered for the benefit of all internees remaining in the custody of the Detaining Power. In case of a general release, the said profits shall be kept by the Detaining Power, subject to any agreement to the contrary between the Powers concerned.

Article 88

In all places of internment exposed to air raids and other hazards of war, shelters adequate in number and structure to ensure the necessary protection shall be installed. In case of alarms, the internees shall be free to enter such shelters as quickly as possible, excepting those who remain for the protection of their quarters against the aforesaid hazards. Any protective measures taken in favour of the population shall also apply to them.

All due precautions must be taken in places of internment against the danger of fire.

Chapter III.—Food and Clothing Article 89

Daily food rations for internees shall be sufficient in quantity, quality and variety to keep internees in a good state of health and prevent the development of nutritional deficiencies. Account shall also be taken of the customary diet of the internees.

Internees shall also be given the means by which they can prepare for themselves any additional food in their possession.

Sufficient drinking water shall be supplied to internees. The use of tobacco shall be permitted.

Internees who work shall receive additional rations in proportion to the kind of labour which they perform.

Expectant and nursing mothers and children under fifteen years of age shall be given additional food, in proportion to their physiological needs.

Article 90

When taken into custody, internees shall be given all facilities to provide themselves with the necessary clothing, footwear and change of underwear, and later on, to procure further supplies if

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

661

required. Should any internees not have sufficient clothing, account being taken of the climate, and be unable to procure any, it shall be provided free of charge to them by the Detaining Power.

The clothing supplied by the Detaining Power to internees and the outward markings placed on their own clothes shall not be ignominious nor expose them to ridicule.

Workers shall receive suitable working outfits, including protective clothing, whenever the nature of their work so requires.

Chapter IV.—Hygiene and Medical Attention Article 91

Every place of internment shall have an adequate infirmary, under the direction of a qualified doctor, where internees may have the attention they require, as well as an appropriate diet. Isolation wards shall be set aside for cases of contagious or mental diseases.

Maternity cases and internees suffering from serious diseases, or whose condition requires special treatment, a surgical operation or hospital care, must be admitted to any institution where adequate treatment can be given and shall receive care not inferior to that provided for the general population.

Internees shall, for preference, have the attention of medical personnel of their own nationality.

Internees may not be prevented from presenting themselves to the medical authorities for examination. The medical authorities of the Detaining Power shall, upon request, issue to every internee who has undergone treatment an official certificate showing the nature of his illness or injury, and the duration and nature of the treatment given. A duplicate of this certificate shall be forwarded to the Central Agency provided for in Article 140.

Treatment, including the provision of any apparatus necessary for the maintenance of internees in good health, particularly dentures and other artificial appliances and spectacles, shall be free of charge to the internee.

Article 92

Medical inspections of internees shall be made at least once a month. Their purpose shall be, in particular, to supervise the general state of health, nutrition and cleanliness of internees, and to detect contagious diseases, especially tuberculosis, malaria, and venereal diseases. Such inspections shall include, in particular, the checking of weight of each internee and, at least once a year, radioscopic examination.

Chapter V.—Religious, Intellectual and Physical Activities Article 93

Internees shall enjoy complete latitude in the exercise of their religious duties, including attendance at the services of their faith, on condition that they comply with the disciplinary routine prescribed by the detaining authorities.

4th Sea. —cant.

662

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch.

—cont.

Ministers of religion who are interned shall be allowed to minister freely to the members of their community. For this purpose, the Detaining Power shall ensure their equitable allocation amongst the various places of internment in which there are internees speaking the same language and belonging to the same religion. Should such ministers be too few in number, the Detaining Power shall provide them with the necessary facilities, including means of transport, for moving from one place to another, and they shall be authorised to visit any internees who are in hospital. Ministers of religion shall be at liberty to correspond on matters concerning their ministry with the religious authorities in the country of detention and, as far as possible, with the international religious organisations of their faith. Such correspondence shall not be considered as forming a part of the quota mentioned in Article 107. It shall, however, be subject to the provisions of Article 112.

When internees do not have at their disposal the assistance of ministers of their faith, or should these latter be too few in number, the local religious authorities of the same faith may appoint, in agreement with the Detaining Power, a minister of the internees’ faith or, if such a course is feasible from a denominational point of view, a minister of similar religion or a qualified layman. The latter shall enjoy the facilities granted to the ministry he has assumed. Persons so appointed shall comply with all regulations laid down by the Detaining Power in the interests of discipline and security.

Article 94

The Detaining Power shall encourage intellectual, educational and recreational pursuits, sports and games amongst internees, whilst leaving them free to take part in them or not. It shall take all practicable measures to ensure the exercise thereof, in particular by providing suitable premises.

All possible facilities shall be granted to internees to continue their studies or to take up new subjects. The education of children and young people shall be ensured; they shall be allowed to attend schools either within the place of internment or outside.

Internees shall be given opportunities for physical exercise, sports and outdoor games. For this purpose, sufficient open spaces shall be set aside in all places of internment. Special playgrounds shall be reserved for children and young people.

Article 95

The Detaining Power shall not employ internees as workers, unless they so desire. Employment which, if undertaken under compulsion by a protected person not in internment, would involve a breach of Articles 40 or 51 of the present Convention, and employment on work which is of a degrading or humiliating character are in any case prohibited.

After a working period of six weeks, internees shall be free to give up work at any moment, subject to eight days* notice.

These provisions constitute no obstacle to the right of the Detaining Power to employ interned doctors, dentists and other medical personnel in their professional capacity on behalf of their fellow

I

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

663

internees, or to employ internees for administrative and maintenance 4th Sch. work in places of internment and to detail such persons for work in —com. the kitchens or for other domestic tasks, or to require such persons to undertake duties connected with the protection of internees against aerial bombardment or other war risks. No internee may, however, be required to perform tasks for which he is, in the opinion of a medical officer, physically unsuited.

The Detaining Power shall take entire responsibility for all working conditions, for medical attention, for the payment of wages, and for ensuring that all employed internees receive compensation for occupational accidents and diseases. The standards prescribed for the said working conditions and for compensation shall be in accordance with the national laws and regulations, and with the existing practice; they shall in no case be inferior to those obtaining for work of the same nature in the same district. Wages for work done shall be determined on an equitable basis by special agreements between the internees, the Detaining Power, and, if the case arises, employers other than the Detaining Power, due regard being paid to the obligation of the Detaining Power to provide for free maintenance of internees and for the medical attention which their state of health may require. Internees permanently detailed for categories erf work mentioned in the third paragraph of this Article, shall be paid fair wages by the Detaining Power. The working conditions and the scale of compensation for occupational accidents and diseases to internees, thus detailed, shall not be inferior to those applicable to work of the same nature in the same district.

Article 96

All labour detachments shall remain part of and dependent upon a place of internment. The competent authorities of the Detaining Power and the commandant of a place of internment shall be responsible for the observance in a labour detachment erf the provisions of the present Convention. The commandant shall keep an up-to-date list of the labour detachments subordinate to him and shall communicate it to the delegates of the Protecting Power, of the International Committee of the Red Cross and of other humanitarian organisations who may visit the places of internment.

Chapter VI.—Personal Property and Financial Resources Article 97

Internees shall be permitted to retain articles of personal use. Moneys, cheques, bonds, etc., and valuables in their possession may not be taken from them except in accordance with established procedure. Detailed receipts shall be given therefor.

The amounts shall be paid into the account of every internee as provided for in Article 98. Such amounts may not be converted into any other currency unless legislation in force in the territory in which the owner is interned so requires or the internee gives his consent.

664

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957. 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. Articles which have above all a personal or sentimental value may —com. not be taken away.

A woman internee shall not be searched except by a woman.

On release or repatriation, internees shall be given all articles, moneys or other valuables taken from them during internment and shall receive in currency the balance of any credit to their accounts kept in accordance with Article 98, with the exception of any articles or amounts withheld by the Detaining Power by virtue of its legislation in force. If the property of an internee is so withheld, the owner shall receive a detailed receipt.

Family or identity documents in the possession of internees may not be taken away without a receipt being given. At no time shall internees be left without identity documents. If they have none, they shall be issued with special documents drawn up by the detaining authorities, which will serve as their identity papers until the end of their internment.

Internees may keep on their persons a certain amount of money, in cash or in the shape of purchase coupons, to enable them to make purchases.

Article 98

All internees shall receive regular allowances, sufficient to enable them to purchase goods and articles, such as tobacco, toilet requisites, etc. Such allowances may take the form of credits or purchase coupons.

Furthermore, internees may receive allowances from the Power to which they owe allegiance, the Protecting Powers, the organisations which may assist them, or their families, as well as the income on their property in accordance with the law of the Detaining Power. The amount of allowances granted by the Power to which they owe allegiance shall be the same for each category of internees (infirm, sick, pregnant women, etc.), but may not be allocated by that Power or distributed by the Detaining Power on the basis of discriminations between internees which are prohibited by Article 27 of the present Convention.

The Detaining Power shall open a regular account for every internee, to which shall be credited the allowances named in the present Article, the wages earned and the remittances received, together with such sums taken from him as may be available under the legislation in force in the territory in which he is interned. Internees, shall be granted all facilities consistent with the legislation in force in such territory to make remittances to their families and to other dependants. They may draw from their accounts the amounts necessary for their personal expenses, within the limits fixed by the Detaining Power. They shall at all times be afforded reasonable facilities for consulting and obtaining copies of their accounts. A statement of accounts shall be furnished to the Protecting Power on request, and shall accompany the internee in case of transfer.

1957

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957

Ch. 52

665

4th Sch.

Chapter VII.—Administration and Discipline —amt.

Article 99

Every place of internment shall be .put tinder the authority of a responsible officer, chosen from the regular military forces or the regular civil administration of the Detaining Power. The officer in charge of the place of internment must have in his possession a copy of the present Convention in the official language, or one of the official languages, of his country and shall be responsible for its application. The staff in control of internees shall be instructed in the provisions of the present Convention and of the administrative measures adopted to ensure its application.

The text of the present Convention and the texts of special agreements concluded under the said Convention shall be posted inside the place of internment, in a language which the internees understand, or shall be in the possession of the Internee Committee.

Regulations, orders, notices and publications of every kind shall be communicated to the internees and posted inside the places of internment, in a language which they understand.

Every order and command addressed to internees individually must likewise be given in a language which they understand.

Article 100

The disciplinary regime in places of internment shall be consistent with humanitarian principles, and shall in no circumstances include regulations imposing on internees any physical exertion dangerous to their health or involving physical or moral victimisation. Identification by tattooing or imprinting signs or markings on the body, is prohibited.

In particular, prolonged standing and roll-calls, punishment drill, military drill and manoeuvres, or the reduction of food rations, are prohibited.

Article 101

Internees shall have the right to present to the authorities in whose power they are, any petition with regard to the conditions of internment to which they are subjected.

They shall also have the right to apply without restriction through the Internee Committee or, if they consider it necessary, direct to the representatives of the Protecting Power, in order to indicate to them any points on which {hey may have complaints to make with regard to the conditions of internment.

Such petitions and complaints shall be transmitted forthwith and without alteration, and even if the latter are recognised to be unfounded, they may not occasion any punishment.

Periodic reports on the situation in places of internment and as to the needs of the internees, may be sent by the Internee Committees to the representatives of the Protecting Powers.

666

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4thSch.

-rcont.

Articlb 102

In every place of internment, the internees shall freely elect by secret ballot every six months, the members of a Committee empowered to represent them before the Detaining and the Protecting powers, the International Committee of the Red Cross and any other organisation which may assist them. The members of the Committee shall be eligible for re-election.

Internees so elected shall enter upon their duties after their election has been approved by the detaining authorities. The reasons for any refusals or dismissals shall be communicated to the Protecting Powers concerned.

Article 103

The Internee Committees shall further the physical, spiritual and intellectual well-being of the internees.

In case the internees decide, in particular, to organise a system of mutual assistance amongst themselves, this organisation would be within the competence of the Committees in addition to the special duties entrusted to them under other provisions of the present Convention.

Article 104

Members of Internee Committees shall not be required to perform any other work, if the accomplishment of their duties is rendered more difficult thereby.

Members of Internee Committees may appoint from amongst the internees such assistants as they may require. All material facilities shall be granted to them, particularly a certain freedom of movement necessary for the accomplishment of their duties (visits to labour detachments, receipt of supplies, etc.).

All facilities shall likewise be accorded to members of Internee Committees for communication by post and telegraph with the detaining authorities, the Protecting Powers, the International Committee of the Red Cross and their delegates, and with the organisations which give assistance to internees. Committee members in labour detachments shall enjoy similar facilities for communication with their Internee Committee in the principal place of internment. Such communications shall not be limited, nor considered as forming a part of the quota mentioned in Article 107.

Members of Internee Committees who are transferred shall be allowed a reasonable time to acquaint their successors with current affairs.

Chapter VIII.—Relations with the Exterior Article 105

Immediately upon interning protected persons, the Detaining Powers shall inform them, the Power to which they owe allegiance and their Protecting Power of the measures taken for executing die provisions of the present Chapter. The Detaining Powers shall likewise inform the Parties concerned of any subsequent modifications of such measures.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

667

Article 106

As soon as he is interned, or at the latest not more than one week after his arrival in a place of internment, and likewise in cases of sickness or transfer to another place of internment or to a hospital, every internee shall be enabled to send direct to his family, on the one hand, and to the Central Agency provided for by Article 140, on the other, an internment card similar, if possible, to the model annexed to the present Convention, informing his relatives of his detention, address and state of health. The said cards shall be forwarded as rapidly as possible and may not be delayed in any way.

Article 107

Internees shall be allowed to send and receive letters and cards. If the Detaining Power deems it necessary to limit the number of letters and cards sent by each internee, the said number shall not be less than two letters and four cards monthly; these shall be drawn up so as to conform as closely as possible to the models annexed to the present Convention. If limitations must be placed on the correspondence addressed to internees, they may be ordered only by die Power to which such internees owe allegiance, possibly at the request of the Detaining Power. Such letters and cards must be conveyed with reasonable despatch; they may not be delayed or retained for disciplinary reasons.

Internees who have been a long time without news, or who find it impossible to receive news from their relatives, or to give them news by the ordinary postal route, as well as those who are at a considerable distance from their homes, shall be allowed to send telegrams, the charges being paid by them in the currency at their disposal. They shall likewise benefit by this provision in cases which are recognised to be urgent

As a rule, internees* mail shall be written in their own language. The Parties to the conflict may authorise correspondence in other languages.

Article 108

Internees shall be allowed to receive, by post or by any other means, individual parcels or collective shipments containing in particular foodstuffs, clothing, medical supplies, as well as books and objects of a devotional, educational or recreational character which may meet their needs. Such shipments shall in no way free the Detaining Power from the obligations imposed upon it by virtue of the present Convention.

Should military necessity require the quantity of such shipments to be limited, due notice thereof shall be given to the Protecting Power and to the International Committee of the Red Cross, or to any other organisation giving assistance to the internees and responsible for the forwarding of such shipments.

The conditions for the sending of individual parcels and collective shipments shall, if necessary, be the subject of special agreements between the Powers concerned, which may in no case delay the receipt by the internees of relief supplies. Parcels of clothing and foodstuffs may not include books. Medical relief supplies shall, as a rule, be sent in collective parcels.

4th Sch.

—cont.

668

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch.

—cant.

Article 109

In the absence of special agreements between Parties to the conflict regarding the conditions for the receipt and distribution of collective relief shipments, the regulations concerning collective relief which are annexed to the present Convention shall be applied.

The special agreements provided for above shall in no case restrict the right of Internee Committees to take possession of collective relief shipments intended for internees, to undertake their distribution and to dispose of them in the interests of the recipients.

Nor shall such agreements restrict the right of representatives of the Protecting Powers, the International Committee of the Red Cross, or any other organisation giving assistance to internees and responsible for the forwarding of collective shipments, to supervise their distribution to the recipients.

Article 110

All relief shipments for internees shall be exempt from import, customs and other dues.

All matter sent by mail, including relief parcels sent by parcel post and remittances of money, addressed from other countries to internees or despatched by them through the post office, either direct or through the Information Bureaux provided for in Article 136 and the Central Information Agency provided for in Article 140, shall be exempt from all postal dues both in the countries of origin and destination and in intermediate countries. To this effect, in particular, the exemption provided by the Universal Postal Convention of 1947 and by the agreements of the Universal Postal Union in favour of civilians of enemy nationality detained in camps or civilian prisons, shall be extended to the other interned persons protected by the present Convention. The countries not signatory to the above-mentioned agreements shall be bound to grant freedom from charges in the same circumstances.

The cost of transporting relief shipments which are intended for internees and which, by reason of their weight or any other cause, cannot be sent through the post office, shall be borne by the Detaining Power in all the territories under its control. Other Powers which are Parties to the present Convention shall bear the cost of transport in their respective territories.

Costs connected with the transport of such shipments, which are not covered by the above paragraphs, shall be charged to the senders.

The High Contracting Parties shall endeavour to reduce, so far as possible, the charges for telegrams sent by internees, or addressed to them.

Article 111

Should military operations prevent the Powers concerned from fulfilling their obligation to ensure the conveyance of the mail and relief shipments provided for in Articles 106, 107, 108 and 113, the

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

669

Protecting Powers concerned; the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other organisation duly approved by the Parties to the conflict may undertake to ensure the conveyance of such shipments toy suitable means (rail, motor vehicles, vessels or aircraft, etc.). For this purpose, the High Contracting Parties shall endeavour to supply them with such transport, and to allow its circulation, especially by granting the necessary safe-conducts.

Such transport may also be used to convey :

(a) correspondence, lists and reports exchanged between the

Central Information Agency referred to in Article 140 and the National Bureaux referred to in Article 136;

(b) correspondence and reports relating to internees which the

Protecting Powers, the International Committee of the Red Cross or any other organisation assisting the internees exchange either with their own delegates or with the Parties to the conflict.

These provisions in no way detract from the right of any Party to the conflict to arrange other means of transport if it should so prefer, nor preclude the granting of safe-conducts, under mutually agreed conditions, to such means of transport.

The costs occasioned by the use of such means of transport shall be borne, in proportion to the importance of the shipments, by the Parties to the conflict whose nationals are benefited thereby.

Article 112

The censoring of correspondence addressed to internees or despatched by them shall be done as quickly as possible.

The examination of consignments intended for internees shall not be carried out under conditions that will expose the goods contained in them to deterioration. It shall be done in the presence of the addressee, or of a fellow-internee duly delegated by him. The delivery to internees of individual or collective consignments shall not be delayed under the pretext of difficulties of censorship.

Any prohibition of correspondence ordered by the Parties to the conflict either for military or political reasons, shall be only temporary and its duration shall be as short as possible.

Article 113

The Detaining Powers shall provide all reasonable facilities for the transmission, through the Protecting Power or the Central Agency provided for in Article 140, or as otherwise required, of wills, powers of attorney, letters of authority, or any other documents intended for internees or despatched by them.

In all cases the Detaining Powers shall facilitate the execution and authentication in due legal form of such documents on behalf of internees, in particular by allowing them to consult a lawyer.

4th Scel —amt.﻿670

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch.

—cont.

Article 114

The Detaining Power shall afford internees all facilities to enable them to manage their property, provided this is not incompatible with the conditions of internment and the law which is applicable. For this purpose, the said Power may give them (permission to leave the place of internment in urgent cases and if circumstances allow.

Article 115

In all cases where an internee is a party to proceedings in any court, the Detaining Power shall, if he so requests, cause the court to be informed of his detention and shall, within legal limits, ensure that all necessary steps are taken to prevent him from being in any way prejudiced, by reason of his internment, as regards the preparation and conduct of his case or as regards the execution of any judgment of the court.

Article 116

Every internee shall be allowed to receive visitors, especially near relatives, at regular intervals and as frequently as possible.

As far as is possible, internees shall be permitted to visit their homes in urgent cases, particularly in cases of death or serious illness of relatives.

Chapter IX.—Penal and Disciplinary Sanctions Article 117

Subject to the provisions of the present Chapter, the laws in force in the territory in which they are detained will continue to apply to internees who commit offences during internment.

If general laws, regulations or orders declare acts committed by internees to be punishable, whereas the same acts are not punishable when committed by persons who are not internees, such acts shall entail disciplinary punishments only.

No internee may be punished more than once for the same act, or on the same count.

Article 118

The courts or authorities shall in passing sentence take as far as possible into account the fact that the defendant is not a national of the Detaining Power. They shall be free to reduce the penalty prescribed for the offence with which the internee is charged and shall not be obliged, to this end, to apply the minimum sentence prescribed.

Imprisonment in premises without daylight and, in general, all forms of cruelty without exception are forbidden.

Internees who have served disciplinary or judicial sentences shall not *be treated differently from other internees.

The duration of preventive detention undergone by an internee shall be deducted from any disciplinary or judicial penalty involving confinement to which he may be sentenced.

Internee Committees shall be informed of all judicial proceedings instituted against internees whom they represent, and of their result.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

671

Article 119

The disciplinary ipunisfaments applicable to internees shall be the following:

(1) a fine which shall not exceed 50 per cent, of the wages which the internee would otherwise receive under the provisions of Article 95 during a period of not more than thirty days;

(2) discontinuance of privileges granted over and above the

treatment provided for by the present Convention;

(3) fatigue duties, not exceeding two hours daily, in connexion

with the maintenance of the place of internment;

(4) confinement.

In no case shall disciplinary penalties be inhuman, brutal or dangerous for the health <rf internees. Account shall be taken of the internee’s age, sex and state of health.

The duration of any single punishment shall in no case exceed a maximum of thirty consecutive days, even if the internee is answerable for several breaches of discipline when his case is dealt with, whether such breaches are connected or not.

Article 120

Internees who are recaptured after having escaped or when attempting to escape, shall be liable only to disciplinary punishment in respect of this act. even if it is a repeated offence.

Article 118, paragraph 3, notwithstanding, internees punished as a result of escape or attempt to escape, may be subjected to special surveillance, on condition that such surveillance does not affect the state of their health, that it is exercised in a place of internment and that it does not entail the abolition of any of the safeguards granted by the present Convention.

Internees who aid and abet an escape or attempt to escape, shall be liable on this count to disciplinary punishment only.

Articlb 121

Escape, or attempt to escape, even if it is a repeated offence, shall not be deemed an aggravating circumstance in cases where an internee is prosecuted for offences committed during his escape.

The Parties to the conflict shall ensure that the competent authorities exercise leniency in deciding whether punishment inflicted for an offence shall be of a disciplinary or judicial nature, especially in respect of acts committed in connexion with an escape, whether successful or not.

Article 122

Acts which constitute offences against discipline shall be investigated immediately. This rule shall be applied, in particular, in cases of escape or attempt to escape. Recaptured internees shall be handed over to die competent authorities as soon as possible.

In cases of offences against discipline, confinement awaiting trial shall be reduced to an absolute minimum for all internees, and shall

4Th Sch.

—corn.

672

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. not exceed fourteen days. Its duration shall in any case be deducted —coin. from any sentence of confinement.

The provisions of Articles 124 and 125 shall apply to internees who are in confinement awaiting trial for offences against discipline.

Article 123

Without prejudice to the competence of courts and higher authorities, disciplinary punishment may be ordered only by the commandant of the place of internment, or by a responsible officer or official who replaces him, or to whom he has delegated his disciplinary powers.

Before any disciplinary punishment is awarded, the accused internee shall be given precise information regarding the offences of which he is accused, and given an opportunity of explaining his conduct and of defending himself. He shall be permitted, in particular, to call witnesses and to have recourse, if necessary, to the services of a qualified interpreter. The decision shall be announced in the presence of the accused and of a member of the Internee Committee.

The period elapsing between the time of award of a disciplinary punishment and its execution shall not exceed one month.

When an internee is awarded a further disciplinary punishment, a period of at least three days shall elapse between the execution of any two of the punishments, if the duration of one of these is ten days or more.

A record of disciplinary punishments shall be maintained by the commandant of the place of internment and shall be open to inspection by representatives of the Protecting Power.

Article 124

Internees shall not in any case be transferred to penitentiary establishments (prisons, penitentiaries, convict prisons, etc.) to undergo disciplinary punishment therein.

The premises in which disciplinary punishments are undergone shall conform to sanitary requirements; they shall in particular be provided with adequate bedding. Internees undergoing punishment shall be enabled to keep themselves in a state of cleanliness.

Women internees undergoing disciplinary punishment shall be confined in separate quarters from male internees and shall be under the immediate supervision of women.

Article 125

Internees awarded disciplinary punishment shall be allowed to exercise and to stay in the open air at least two hours daily.

They shall be allowed, if they so request, to be present at the daily medical inspections. They shall receive the attention which their state of health requires and, if necessary, shall be removed to the infirmary of the place of internment or to a hospital.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

673

They shall have permission to read and write, likewise to send and receive letters. Parcels and remittances of money, however, may be withheld from them until the completion of their punishment; such consignments shall meanwhile be entrusted to the Internee Committee, who will hand over to the infirmary the perishable goods contained in the parcels.

No internees given a disciplinary punishment may be deprived of the benefit of the provisions of Articles 107 and 143 of the present Convention.

Article 126

The provisions of Articles 71 to 76 inclusive shall apply, by analogy, to proceedings against internees who are in the national territory of the Detaining Power.

Chapter X.—Transfers of Internees Article 127

The transfer of internees shall always be effected humanely. As a general rule, it shall be carried out by rail or other means of transport, and under conditions at least equal to those obtaining for the forces of the Detaining Power in their changes of station. If, as an exceptional measure, such removals have to be effected on foot, they may not take place unless the internees are in a fit state of health, and may not in any case expose them to excessive fatigue.

The Detaining Power shall supply internees during transfer with drinking water and food sufficient in quantity, quality and variety to maintain them in good health, and also with the necessary clothing, adequate shelter and the necessary medical attention. The Detaining Power shall take all suitable precautions to ensure their safety during transfer, and shall establish before their departure a complete list of all internees transferred.

Sick, wounded or infirm internees and maternity cases shall not be transferred if the journey would be seriously detrimental to them, unless their safety imperatively so demands.

If the combat zone draws close to a place of internment, the internees in the said place shall not be transferred, unless their removal can be carried out in adequate conditions of safety, or unless they are exposed to greater risks by remaining on the spot than by being transferred.

When making decisions regarding the transfer of internees, the Detaining Power shall take their interests into account and, in particular, shall not do anything to increase the difficulties of repatriating them or returning them to their own homes.

Article 128

In the event of transfer, internees shall be officially advised of their departure and of their new postal address. Such notification shall be given in time for them to pack their luggage and inform their next of kin.

Y

4th Sgh. —com.

674

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch.

—cont.

They shall be allowed to take with them their personal effects, and the correspondence and parcels which have arrived for them. The weight of such baggage may be limited if the conditions of transfer so require, but in no case to less than twenty-five kilograms per internee.

Mail and parcels addressed to their former place of internment shall be forwarded to them without delay.

The commandant of the place of internment shall take, in agreement with the Internee Committee, any measures needed to ensure the transport of the internees* community property and of the luggage the internees are unable to take with them in consequence of restrictions imposed by virtue of the second paragraph.

Chapter XL—Deaths Article 129

The wills of internees shall be received for safe-keeping by the responsible authorities; and in the event of the death of an internee his will shall be transmitted without delay to a person whom he has previously designated.

Deaths of internees shall be certified in every case by a doctor, and a death certificate shall be made out, showing the causes of death and the conditions under which it occurred.

An official record of the death, duly registered, shall be drawn up in accordance with the procedure relating thereto in force in the territory where the place of internment is situated, and a duly certified copy of such record shall be transmitted without delay to the Protecting Power as well as to the Central Agency referred to in Article 140.

Article 130

The detaining authorities shall ensure that internees who die while interned are honourably buried, if possible according to the rites of the religion to which they belonged, and that their graves are respected, properly maintained, and marked in such a way that they can always be recognised.

Deceased internees shall be buried in individual graves unless unavoidable circumstances require the use of collective graves. Bodies may be cremated only for imperative reasons of hygiene, on account of the religion of the deceased or in accordance with his expressed wish to this effect. In case of cremation, the fact shall be stated and the reasons given in the death certificate of the deceased. The ashes shall be retained for safe-keeping by the detaining authorities and shall be transferred as soon as possible to the next of kin on their request.

As soon as circumstances permit, and not later than the close of hostilities, the Detaining Power shall forward lists of graves of deceased internees to the Powers on whom deceased internees depended through the Information Bureaux provided for in Article 136. Such lists shall include all particulars necessary for the identification of the deceased internees, as well as the exact location of their graves.

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

675

Article 131

Every death or serious injury of an internee, caused or suspected to have been caused by a sentry, another internee or any other person, as well as any death the cause of which is unknown, shall be immediately followed by an official enquiry by the Detaining Power.

A communication on this subject shall be sent immediately to the Protecting Power. Hie evidence of any witnesses shall be taken, and a report including such evidence shall be prepared and forwarded to the said Protecting Power.

If the enquiry indicates the guilt of one or more persons, the Detaining Power shall take all necessary steps to ensure the prosecution of the person or persons responsible.

4th Sch.

—cont.

Chapter XII.— Release, Repatriation and Accommodation in

Neutral Countries

Articlb 132

Each interned person shall be released by the Detaining Power as soon as the reasons which necessitated his internment no longer exist

The Parties to the conflict shall, moreover, endeavour during the course of hostilities, to conclude agreements for the release, the repatriation, the return to places of residence or the accommodation in a neutral country of certain classes of internees, in particular children, pregnant women and mothers with infants and young children, wounded and sick, and internees who have been detained for a long time.

Article 133

Internment shall cease as soon as possible after the close of hostilities.

Internees in the territory of a Party to the conflict against whom penal proceedings are pending for offences not exclusively subject to disciplinary penalties, may be detained until the close of such proceedings and, if circumstances require, until the completion of the penalty. The same shall apply to internees who have been previously sentenced to a punishment depriving them of liberty.

By agreement between the Detaining Power and the Powers concerned, committees may be set up after the close of hostilities, or of the occupation of territories, to search for dispersed internees.

Article 134

The High Contracting Parties shall endeavour, upon the close of hostilities or occupation, to ensure the return of all internees to their last place of residence, or to facilitate their repatriation.

Article 135

The Detaining Power shall bear the expense of returning released internees to the places where they were residing when interned, o«v

676

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 ELiz. 2

4th Sch. if it took them into custody while they were in transit or on the

—cont. high seas, the cost of completing their journey or of their return

to their point of departure.

Where a Detaining Power refuses permission to reside in its territory to a released internee who previously had his permanent domicile therein, such Detaining Power shall pay the oost erf the said internee’s repatriation. If, however, the internee elects to return to his country on his own responsibility or in obedience to the Government of the Power to which he owes allegiance, the Detaining Power need not pay the expenses of his journey beyond the point of 'his departure from its territory. The Detaining Power need not pay the costs of repatriation of an internee who was interned at his own request.

If internees are transferred in accordance with Article 45, the transferring and receiving Powers shall agree on the portion of the above costs to be borne by each.

The foregoing shall not prejudice such special agreements as may be concluded 'between Parties to the conflict concerning the exchange and repatriation of their nationals in enemy hands.

Section V—Information Bureaux and Central Agency Article 136

Upon the outbreak of a conflict and in all cases of occupation, each of the Parties to the conflict shall establish an official Information Bureau responsible for receiving and transmitting information in respect of the protected persons who are in its power.

Each of ithe Parties to the conflict shall, within the shortest possible period, give its Bureau information of any measure taken by it concerning any (protected persons who are kept in custody for more than two weeks, who are subjected to assigned residence or who are interned. It shall, furthermore, require its various departments concerned with such matters to provide the aforesaid Bureau promptly with information concerning all changes pertaining to these protected persons, as, for example, transfers, releases, repatriations, escapes, admittances to hospitals, births and deaths.

Article 137

Each national Bureau shall immediately forward information concerning protected .persons by the most rapid means to the Powers of whom the aforesaid persons are nationals, or to Powers in whose territory they resided, through the intermediary of the Protecting Powers and likewise through the Central Agency provided for in Article 140. The Bureaux shall also reply to all enquiries which may be received regarding protected persons.

Information Bureaux shall transmit information concerning a protected .person unless its transmission might be detrimental to the person concerned or to his or her relatives. Even in such a case, the information may not be withheld from the Central Agency

1957

Geneva Conventions , 1957

Ch. 52

677

which, upon being notified of the circumstances, will take the necessary precautions indicated in Article 140.

All communications in writing made by any Bureau shall be authenticated by a signature or a seal.

Article 138

The information received by the national Bureau and transmitted by it shall be of such a character as to make it possible to identify the protected person exactly and to advise his next of kin quickly. The information in resipect of each person shall include at least his surname, first names, place and date of birth, nationality, last residence and distinguishing characteristics, the first name of the father and the maiden name of the mother, the date, place and nature of the action taken with regard to the individual, the address at which correspondence may be sent to him and the name and address of the person to be informed.

Likewise, information regarding the state of health of internees who are seriously ill or seriously wounded shall be supplied regularly and if possible every week.

Article 139

Each national Information Bureau shall, furthermore, be responsible for collecting all personal valuables left by protected persons mentioned in Article 136, in particular those who have been repatriated or released, or who have escaped or died; it shall forward the said valuables to those concerned, either direct, or, if necessary, through the Central Agency. Such articles shall be sent by the Bureau in sealed packets which shall be accompanied by statements giving dear and full identity particulars of the person to whom the artides belonged, and by a complete list of the contents of the parcel. Detailed records shall be maintained of the receipt and despatch of all such valuables.

Article 140

A Central Information Agency for protected persons, in particular for internees, shall be created in a neutral country. The International Committee of the Red Cross shall, if it deems necessary, propose to the Powers concerned the organisation of such an Agency, which may 'be the same as that provided for in Article 123 of the Geneva Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War of 12th August, 1949.

The function of the Agency shall be to collect all information of the type set forth in Artide 136 which it may obtain through official or private channels and to transmit it as rapidly as possible to the countries of origin or of residence of the persons concerned, except in cases where such transmissions might be detrimental to the persons whom the said information concerns, or to their relatives. It shall receive from the Parties to the conflict all reasonable facilities for effecting such transmissions.

4th Sch.

—cont.

678

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4ih Sch.

—corn.

The High Contracting Parties, and in particular those whose nationals benefit by the services of the Central Agency, are requested to give the said Agency the financial aid it may require.

The foregoing provisions shall in no way be interpreted as restricting the humanitarian activities of the International Committee of the Red Cross and of the relief societies described in Article 142.

Article 141

The national Information Bureaux and the Central Information Agency shall enjoy free postage for aU mail, likewise the exemptions provided for in Article 110, and further, so far as possible, exemption from telegraphic charges or, at least, greatly reduced rates.

PART IV—EXECUTION OF THE CONVENTION Section I.—General Provisions Articlb 142

Subject to the measures which the Detaining Powers may consider essential to ensure their security or to meet any other reasonable need, the representatives of religious organisations, relief societies, or any other organisations assisting the protected persons, shall receive from these Powers, for themselves or their duly accredited agents, all facilities for visiting the protected persons, for distributing relief supplies and material from any source, intended for educational, recreational or religious purposes, or for assisting them in organising their leisure time within the places of internment Such societies or organisations may be constituted in the territory of the Detaining Power, or in any other country, or they may have an international character.

The Detaining Power may limit the number of societies and organisations whose delegates are allowed to cany out their activities in its territory and under its supervision, on condition, however, that such limitation shall not hinder the supply of effective and adequate relief to all protected persons.

The special position of the International Committee of the Red Cross in this field shall be recognised and respected at all times.

Article 143

Representatives or delegates of the Protecting Powers shall have permission to go to all places where protected persons are, particularly to places of internment, detention and work.

They shall have access to all premises occupied by protected persons and shall be able to interview the latter without witnesses, personally or through an interpreter.

Such visits may not be prohibited except for reasons of imperative military necessity, and then only as an exceptional and temporary measure. Their duration and frequency shall not be restricted.

1957

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957

Ch. 52

679

Such representatives and delegates shall have full liberty to select 4th Sch. the places they wish to visit. The Detaining or Occupying Power. the Protecting Power and when occasion arises the Power of origin of the persons to be visited, may agree that compatriots of the internees shall be permitted to participate in the visits.

The delegates of the International Committee of the Red Cross shall also enjoy the above prerogatives. The appointment of such delegates shall be submitted to the approval of the Power governing the territories where they will carry out their duties.

Article 144

The High Contracting Parties undertake, in time of peace as in time of war, to disseminate the text of the present Convention as widely as possible in their respective countries, and, in particular, to include the study thereof in their programmes of military and, if possible, civil instruction, so that the principles thereof may become known to the entire population.

Any civilian, military, police or other authorities, who in time of war assume responsibilities in respect of protected persons, must possess the text of the Convention and be specially instructed as to its provisions.

Article 145

The High Contracting Parties shall communicate to one another through the Swiss Federal Council and, during hostilities, through the Protecting Powers, the official translations of the present Convention, as well as the laws and regulations which they may adopt to ensure the application thereof.

Article 146

The High Contracting Parties undertake to enact any legislation necessary to provide effective penal sanctions for persons committing, or ordering to be committed, any of the grave breaches of the present Convention defined in the following Article.

Each High Contracting Party shall be under the obligation to search for persons alleged to have committed, or to have ordered to be committed, such grave breaches, and shall bring such persons, regardless of their nationality, before its own courts. It may also, if it prefers, and in accordance with the provisions of its own legislation, hand such persons over for trial to another High Contracting Party concerned, provided such High Contracting Party has made out a prima facie case.

Each High Contracting Party shall take measures necessary for the suppression of all acts contrary to the provisions of the present Convention other than the grave breaches defined in the following Article.

In all circumstances, the accused persons shall benefit by safeguards of proper trial and defence, which shall not be less favourable than those provided by Article 105 and those following of the Geneva Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War of 12th August. 1949.

680

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. —amt. Section 1.

Article 147

Grave breaches to which the preceding Article relates shall be those involving any of the following acts, if committed against persons or property protected by the present Convention: wilful killing, torture or inhuman treatment, including biological experiments, wilfully causing great suffering or serious injury to body or health, unlawful deportation or transfer or unlawful confinement of a protected person, compelling a protected person to serve in the forces of a hostile Power, or wilfully depriving a protected person of the rights of fair and regular trial prescribed in the present Convention, taking of hostages and extensive destruction and appropriation of property, not justified by military necessity and carried out unlawfully and wantonly.

Article 148

No High Contracting Party shall be allowed to absolve itself or any other High Contracting Party of any liability incurred by itself or by another High Contracting Party in respect of breaches referred to in the preceding Article.

Article 149

At the request of a Party to the conflict, an enquiry shall be instituted, in a manner to be decided between the interested Parties, concerning any alleged violation of the Convention.

If agreement has not been reached concerning die procedure for the enquiry, the Parties should agree on the choice of an umpire who will decide upon the procedure to be followed.

Once the violation has been established, the Parties to the conflict shall put an end to it and shall repress it with the least possible delay.

Section II.—Final Provisions

Article 150

The present Convention is established in English and in French. Both texts are equally authentic.

The Swiss Federal Council shall arrange for official translations of the Convention to be made in the Russian and Spanish languages.

Article 151

The present Convention, which bears the date of this day, is open to signature until 12th February, 1950, in the name of the Powers represented at the Conference which opened at Geneva on 21st April, 1949.

Article 152

The present Convention shall be ratified as soon as possible and the ratifications shall be deposited at Berne.

A record shall be drawn up of the deposit of each instrument of ratification and certified copies of this record shall be transmitted by the Swiss Federal Council to all the Powers in whose name the Convention has been signed, or whose accession has been notified.

1957

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957

Ch. 52

681

Articlb 153

The present Convention shall come into force six months after not less than two instruments of ratification have been deposited.

Thereafter, it shall come into force for each High Contracting Party six months after the deposit of the instrument of ratification.

Article 154

In the relations between the Powers who are bound by The Hague Conventions relative to the Laws and Customs of War on Land, whether that of 29th July. 1899. or that of 18th October. 1907, and who are parties to the present Convention, this last Convention shall be supplementary to Sections II and III of the Regulations annexed to the above-mentioned Conventions of The Hague.

Article 155

From the date of its coming into force, it shall be open to any Power in whose name the present Convention has not been signed, to accede to this Convention.

Article 156

Accessions shall be notified in writing to the Swis9 Federal Council, and shall take effect six months after the date on which they are received.

The Swiss Federal Council shall communicate the accession to all the Powers in whose name the Convention has been signed, or whose accession has been notified.

Article 157

The situations provided for in Articles 2 and 3 shall give immediate effect to ratifications deposited and accessions notified by the Parties to the conflict before or after the beginning of hostilities or occupation. The Swiss Federal Council shall communicate by the quickest method any ratifications or accessions received from Parties to the conflict.

Article 158

Each of the High Contracting Parties shall be at liberty to denounce die present Convention.

The denunciation shall be notified in writing to the Swiss Federal Council, which shall transmit it to the Governments of all the High Contracting Parties.

The denunciation shall take effect one year after the notification thereof has been made to the Swiss Federal Council. However, a denunciation of which notification has been made at a time when the denouncing Power is involved in a conflict shall not take effect until peace has been concluded, and until after operations connected with the release, repatriation and re-establishment of the persons protected by the present Convention have been terminated.

The denunciation shall have effect only in respect of the denouncing Power. It shall in no way impair the obligations which the Parties to the conflict shall remain bound to fulfil by virtue of the principles of the law of nations, as they result from the usages established among civilised peoples, from the laws of humanity and the dictates of the public conscience.

Y*

4th Sol

—COM/.

682

Ch. 52

Geneva Conventions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch.

—con/.

Articlb 159

The Swiss Federal Council shall register the present Convention with the Secretariat of the United Nations. The Swiss Federal Council shall also inform the Secretariat of the United Nations of all ratifications, accessions and denunciations received by it with respect to the present Convention.

In witness whereof the undersigned, having deposited their respective full powers, have signed the present Convention.

Done at Geneva this twelfth day of August, 1949, in the English and French languages. The original shall be deposited in the archives of the Swiss Confederation. The Swiss Federal Council shall transmit certified copies thereof to each of the signatory and acceding States.

[Here follow the signatures and Annexes.]

1957

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

Ch. 53

683

CHAPTER 53

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Part I Articles of War

Public worship

Section

1. Public worship to be performed.

Misconduct in action and assistance to enemy

2. Misconduct in action by persons in command.

3. Misconduct in action by other officers and men.

4. Obstruction of operations.

5. Corresponding with, supplying or serving with the enemy.

Neglect of duty

6. Sleeping on watch or abandoning post.

7. Neglect of duty.

Mutiny

8. Definition of44 mutiny

9. Offences of mutiny.

10. Failure to suppress mutiny.

Insubordination and similar offences

11. Striking superior officer.

12. Disobedience or threatening superior officer.

13. Fighting and quarrelling.

14. Obstruction of provost officers.

Desertion and absence without leave

15. Definition of44 desertion

16. Offences of desertion.

17. Absence without leave, etc.

18. Failure to report deserters and absentees.

Navigation and flying offences

19. Loss or hazarding of ship or aircraft.

20. Dangerous flying, etc.

21. Low flying.

22. Annoyance by flying.

Prize offences

23. Prize offences by commanding officers.

24. Other prize offences.

Other offences in respect of ships and aircraft

25. Inaccurate certification.

26. Improper carriage of goods.

Malingering and drunkenness

27. Malingering.

28. Drunkenness.

Offences relating to property

29. Misapplication and destruction of public and service property.

30. Loss and waste of public and service property.

31. Offences relating to issues and decorations.

Y * 2

684

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Offences relating to billeting and requisitioning of vehicles

Section

32. Billeting offences.

33. Offences in relation to requisitioning of vehicles, etc.

Miscellaneous offences

34. Unauthorised disclosure of information.

35. Falsification of documents.

36. Cruelty or scandalous conduct by officers.

37. Disgraceful conduct.

38. Offences in relation to courts-martial.

39. Conduct to the prejudice of naval discipline.

Attempts and aiding and abetting

40. Attempt to commit naval offence.

41. Aiding and abetting of naval offence.

Civil offences

42. Civil offences.

Punishment

43. Scale of punishments.

44. Supplementary provisions as to punishments.

Part n

Trial and Punishment of Offences Arrest

45. Duty to bring offenders to justice and powers of arrest.

46. Provisions for avoiding delay after arrest.

47. Evidence of arrest or surrender.

Jurisdiction

48. Jurisdiction of courts-martial.

49. Summary trial.

50. Disciplinary courts.

51. Jurisdiction to try offenders no longer subject to this Act.

52. Limitation of time for trial.

Constitution of courts-martial

53. Ordering of courts-martial.

54. Composition of courts-martial.

55. Officials of courts-martial.

56. Place and time of sittings of courts-martial.

57. Quorum.

Proceedings of courts-martial

58. General Orders as to procedure of courts-martial.

59. Challenge by accused.

60. Administration of oaths.

61. Courts-martial to sit in open court.

62. Finding and sentence.

63. Special finding of insane at time of trial or offence.

64. Summoning of witnesses.

65. Contempt of court-martial by civilians.

66. Record of proceedings of courts-martial.

Power to convict of mitigated or alternative offence

67. Power to convict of mitigated offence.

68. Power to convict of alternative offence.

69. Power to convict of attempt notwithstanding proof of completed

offence.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

685

Review of finding and sentence

Section

70. Review by Admiralty of finding and sentence.

71. Power to quash or alter findings.

72. Power to remit or alter sentences.

73. Saving for functions of Judge Advocate of Her Majesty’s Fleet.

Special powers of Admiralty

74. Power to dispense with trial of persons confessing to desertion.

75. Forfeiture of pay and effects of certain absentees.

76. Restitution or compensation on conviction of larceny, etc.

77. Effect of appeal against conviction on order for restitution or com-

pensation.

Execution of sentence of death

78. Confirmation and authority for execution.

79. Regulations as to execution.

80. Execution in civil prison in the United Kingdom.

Service of sentence of imprisonment or detention

81. Place of imprisonment or detention.

82. Naval Detention Quarters Rules.

83. Service of sentence in civil prison in the United Kingdom.

84. Removal of certain prisoners.

Commencement and duration of sentences of imprisonment and detention

85. Commencement of sentences.

86. Consecutive sentences.

87. Periods of compassionate release.

88. Periods of unlawful absence.

89. Limitation of total period of sentences of detention.

Suspension and reconsideration of sentences of imprisonment and detention

90. Suspension of sentences.

91. Committal or re-committal of persons under suspended sentence.

92. Reconsideration of sentences.

Part III

Provisions Relating to Civilians and Civil Authorities

Offences by civilians triable by court-martial

93. Spying in ships or in naval establishments abroad.

94. Seduction from duty in ships or in naval establishments abroad.

95. Arrest and jurisdiction.

Offences punishable by civil courts

96. False pretence of desertion or absence without leave.

97. Procuring or assisting desertion or absence without leave.

98. Unlawful purchase of naval property.

99. Illegal dealings in official documents.

100. Jurisdiction and application of summary fines.

Process and execution in certain civil proceedings

101. Service of proceedings for maintenance, etc.

102. Exemption of naval property from execution.

686

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Arrest and detention of offenders by civil authorities

Section

103. Arrest under warrants of naval authorities.

104. Arrest of persons unlawfully at large.

105. Arrest of deserters and absentees.

106. Arrest of persons suspected of offences punishable by civil courts.

107. Duties of governors of civil prisons, etc.

Powers of civil courts and authorities as to deserters and absentees

108. Deserters and absentees surrendering to police.

109. Proceedings before summary courts.

110. Certificates of arrest or surrender.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

Persons subject to this Act

111. Naval forces, volunteers and trainees.

112. Marines.

113. Attached military and air forces.

114. Commonwealth forces.

115. Colonial naval forces.

116. Application to deserters, etc., from commonwealth and colonial forces.

117. Application to passengers in H.M. ships.

118. Application to certain civilians.

119. Application to sentenced offenders, etc.

Attachment and powers of command

120. Attachment to military or air forces.

121. Attachment to commonwealth and other forces.

122. Powers of command of members of co-operating military or air forces*

Application to particular countries and territories

123. Scotland.

124. Northern Ireland.

125. Channel Islands and Isle of Man.

126. Colonies.

127. Protectorates, protected states, trust territories and federated[territories.

128. Republic of Ireland.

Miscellaneous provisions

129. Jurisdiction of civil courts.

130. Redress of complaints.

131. Ships under convoy.

Interpretation

132. Definitions of Her Majesty’s ships, forces, etc.

133. Definitions of officer, rating and superior officer.

134. Definition of active service.

135. General Interpretation.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

687

Supplemental

Section

136. Minor amendments.

137. Repeals and transitional provisions.

138. Savings.

139. Short title and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Application of Act to marine forces.

Second Schedule—Application of Act to attached military and air forces.

Third Schedule—Civilians subject to this Act outside Her Majesty’s dominions.

Fourth Schedule—Application of Act to certain civilians.

Fifth Schedule—Minor amendments.

Sixth Schedule—Enactments repealed.

Seventh Schedule—Transitional provisions.

An Act to make provision for the discipline of the Navy, and for other purposes connected with the Navy.

[31st July, 1957]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to the government of Her Majesty’s Navy, whereon, under the good Providence of God, the wealth, safety and strength of the Kingdom so much depend:

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I Articles of war Public worship

1. All officers in command of Her Majesty’s ships shall cause Public worship public worship of Almighty God to be solemnly, orderly and to be reverently performed in their respective ships, and shall take performed, care that prayers and preaching, by the chaplains of those ships, be performed diligently and that the Lord’s Day be observed.

Misconduct in action and assistance to enemy

2, Every flag officer, captain or other person subject to Misconduct this Act who, being in command of any of Her Majesty’s ships,in action.by vessels, aircraft or naval establishments,— corned.

(a) fails to use his utmost exertions to bring into action any such ship, vessel or aircraft which it is his duty to bring into action;

688

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I (b) surrenders any such ship, vessel or aircraft to the enemy

—con*. when it is capable of being successfully defended or

destroyed;

(c) fails to pursue any enemy whom it is his duty to pursue, or to assist to the utmost of his ability any friend whom it is his duty to assist;

(d) in the course of any action by or against the enemy, improperly withdraws from the action or from his station, or fails in his own person and according to his rank to encourage the persons under his command to fight courageously; or

(e) surrenders any such naval establishment, or any part of such an establishment, to the enemy when it is capable of being successfully defended or when it is his duty to cause it to be destroyed;

shall be liable, if the offence is committed with intent to assist the enemy, to death or any less punishment authorised by this Act, and in any other case, to imprisonment for any term or any less punishment so authorised.

Misconduct in action by other officers and men.

3. Every person subject to this Act who, not being in command of any of Her Majesty’s ships, vessels, aircraft or naval establishments, fails when ordered to prepare for action by or against the enemy, or during any such action, to use his utmost exertions to carry the lawful orders of his superior officers into execution shall be liable, if the offence is committed with intent to assist the enemy, to death or any less punishment authorised by this Act, and in any other case, to imprisonment for any term or any less punishment so authorised.

Obstruction 4, Every person subject to this Act who wilfully delays or of operations, discourage Up0n any pretext whatsoever, any action or service which has been commanded on the part of any of Her Majesty's forces, or of any forces co-operating therewith, shall be liable, if the offence is committed with intent to assist the enemy, to death or any less punishment authorised by this Act, and in any other case, to imprisonment for any term or any less punishment so authorised.

Corresponding

with,

supplying or serving with the enemy.

5. Every person subject to this Act who—

(a) communicates with or gives intelligence to the enemy;

(b) fails to make known to the proper authorities any in-

formation received by him from the enemy;

(c) furnishes the enemy with supplies of any description; or

<) having been made a prisoner of war, serves with or aids the enemy in the prosecution of hostilities or of

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

689

measures calculated to influence morale, or in any other Part I manner whatsoever not authorised by international —com. usage,

shall be liable, if the offence is committed with intent to assist the enemy, to death or any less punishment authorised by this Act, and in any other case, to dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty’s service or any less punishment so authorised.

Neglect of duty

6. —(1) Every person subject to this Act who, being in the Sleeping on presence or vicinity of the enemy or under orders to be prepared ™*Jch or. for action by or against the enemy, abandons his post improperly zJ?donm8 or sleeps upon his watch shall be liable to imprisonment for any

term or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

(2) Every person subject to this Act who, not being in the presence or vicinity of the enemy or under such orders as aforesaid, abandons his post improperly or sleeps upon his watch shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

7. Every person subject to this Act who neglects to perform Neglect of or negligently performs any duty imposed on him shall be dutiable to dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty’s service

or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

Mutiny

8. In this Act " mutiny " means a combination between two Definition of or more persons subject to service law, or between persons two " mutiny

at least of whom are subject to service law,—

(a) to overthrow or resist lawful authority in Her Majesty’s forces or any forces co-operating therewith, or in any part of any of the said forces;

(b) to disobey such authority in such circumstances as to make the disobedience subversive of discipline, or with the object of avoiding any duty or service against, or in connection with operations against, the enemy; or

(c) to impede the performance of any duty or service in

Her Majesty’s forces or in any forces co-operating therewith, or in any part of any of the said forces;

and "service law" means this Act, military law or air force law.

9. —(1) Every person subject to this Act who takes part in Offences of

a mutiny which— mutiny.

(a) involves the use of violence or the threat of the use of violence; or

690

Part I —cont.

Failure 10

suppress

mutiny.

Striking

superior

officer.

Disobedience or threatening superior officer.

Fighting and quarrelling.

Ch. 53 Naval Discipline , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(b) has as its object or one of its objects the refusal or avoidance of any duty or service against, or in connection with operations against, the enemy, or the impeding of the performance of any such duty or service,

or who incites any other person subject to service law to take part in such a mutiny, whether actual or intended, shall be liable to death or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

(2) Every person subject to this Act who takes part in a mutiny not described in the foregoing subsection, or incites any other person subject to service law to take part in such a mutiny, whether actual or intended, shall be liable to imprisonment for any term or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

10. Every person subject to this Act who, knowing that a mutiny is taking place or is intended,—

(a) fails to use his utmost endeavours to suppress or prevent

it; or

(b) fails, to report without delay that the mutiny is taking

place or is intended,

shall be liable, if the offence is committed with intent to assist the enemy, to death or any less punishment authorised by this Act, and in any other case, to imprisonment for any term or any less punishment so authorised.

Insubordination and similar offences

11. Every person subject to this Act who strikes or otherwise uses violence to, or offers violence to, his superior officer, whether or not that officer is exercising authority as such, shall be liable to imprisonment for any term or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

12. Every person subject to this Act who—

(a) wilfully disobeys any lawful command of his superior

officer, (by whatever means communicated to him); or

(b) uses threatening or insulting language to, or behaves

with contempt to, his superior officer,

shall be liable to dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty’s service or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

13. Every person subject to this Act who—

(a) fights or quarrels with any other person, whether subject

to this Act or not; or

(b) uses threatening, abusive, insulting or provocative words

or behaviour likely to cause a disturbance,

shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

1957

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

Ch. 53

691

14. Every person subject to this Act who wilfully obstructs, or wilfully refuses, when called on. to assist, any provost officer, or any person (whether subject to this Act or not) legally exercising authority under or on behalf of a provost officer, shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

Desertion and absence without leave

15. A person is guilty of desertion within the meaning of this Act if he leaves or fails to attend at his ship or place of duty with the intention of remaining permanently absent from duty without proper authority or if, having left or failed to attend at his ship or place of duty in any circumstances, he does any act with die like intention.

16. —(1) Every person subject to this Act who deserts shall be liable to imprisonment for any term or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

(2) A person convicted of desertion shall, except so far as the court or officer by whom he is tried or the Admiralty may otherwise direct, forfeit all pay, bounty, salvage and allowances earned by him, all annuities, pensions and gratuities granted to him, and all clothes and effects left by him on board his ship or at his place of duty.

(3) Every person subject to this Act who incites any other person subject thereto to desert shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

17. —(1) Every person subject to this Act who, without being guilty of desertion,—

(a) absents himself without leave; or

(b) improperly leaves his ship or place of duty,

shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act, and to such other punishment by way of forfeiture of pay or other benefits as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Admiralty.

(2) Every person subject to this Act who incites any other person subject thereto to absent himself, or to leave his ship or place of duty, in contravention of this section shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

18. Every person subject to this Act who, knowing that any other person subject thereto has deserted, absented himself without leave, or improperly left his ship or place of duty, or is attempting to desert, to absent himself without leave or improperly to leave his ship or place of duty,—

(a) fails to report the fact without delay; or

Part I

—cont. Obstruction of provost officers.

Definition of " desertion

Offences of desertion.

Absence without leave etc.

Failure to report

deserters and absentees.

692

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline Act, 1957 5 & 6 Buz. 2

Part 1 —cont. (b) fails to take any steps within his power to cause that person to be apprehended, shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

Loss or hazarding of ship or aircraft. Navigation and flying offences 19. Every person subject to this Act who, either wilfully or by negligence— (a) causes or allows to be lost, stranded or hazarded any of Her Majesty’s ships or vessels; or (b) causes or allows to be lost or hazarded any of Her Majesty’s aircraft, shall be liable, if he acts wilfully or with wilful neglect, to imprisonment for any term or any less punishment authorised by this Act, and in any other case to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment so authorised.

Dangerous flying, etc. 20. Every person subject to this Act who is guilty of any act or neglect in flying, or in the use of any aircraft, or in relation to any aircraft or aircraft material, which causes or is likely to cause loss of life or bodily injury to any person shall be liable— (a) if he acts wilfully or with wilful neglect, to imprisonment for any term or any less punishment authorised by this Act; (b) in any other case, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

Low flying. 21. Every person subject to this Act who, being the pilot of one of Her Majesty’s aircraft, flies it at a height less than such height as may be provided by any regulations issued under the authority of the Admiralty, the Army Council or the Air Council, except— (a) while taking off or alighting; or (b) in such other circumstances as may be so provided, shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

Annoyance by flying. 22. Every person subject to this Act who, being the pilot of one of Her Majesty’s aircraft, flies it so as to cause, or to be likely to cause, unnecessary annoyance to any person shall be liable to dismissal from Her Majesty’s Service or any 1cm punishment authorised by this Act

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

693

Prize offences Part I

23. Every person subject to this Act who, being in command of any of Her Majesty’s ships, vessels or aircraft,— offencei

(a) having taken any ship, vessel or aircraft as prize, fails commanding

to send to the High Court, or to some other prize court officers, having jurisdiction in the case, all the ship papers or aircraft papers, as the case may be, found on board;

(b) unlawfully makes any agreement for the ransoming of

any ship, vessel, aircraft or goods taken as prize; or

(c) in pursuance of any such agreement as aforesaid, or otherwise by collusion, restores or abandons any ship, vessel, aircraft or goods taken as prize, shall be liable to dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty's service or any less punishment authorised by this Act

24. Every person subject to this Act who—

Other prize

(a) strikes or otherwise ill-treats any person who is on board offences.

a ship, vessel or aircraft when taken as prize, or unlawfully takes from any such person any thing in his possession;

(b) removes out of any ship, vessel or aircraft taken as prize

(otherwise than for safe keeping or for the necessary use and service of any of Her Majesty’s forces) any goods not previously adjudged by a prize court to be lawful prize; or

(c) breaks bulk on board any ship, vessel or aircraft taken as prize, or detained in exercise of any belligerent right or under any enactment, with intent to embezzle or fraudulendy misapply anything therein, shall be liable to dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty's service or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

Other offences in respect of ships and aircraft

25. Every person subject to this Act who makes or signs, inaccurate

without having ensured its accuracy,— certification.

(a) a certificate relating to any matter affecting the seagoing

or fighting efficiency of any of Her Majesty’s ships or vessels; or

(b) any certificate relating to any of Her Majesty's aircraft

or aircraft material, shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act

26. Every person subject to this Act who, being in command improper

of any of Her Majesty’s ships, vessels or aircraft without lawful carriage of authority— goods.

(a) receives or permits to be received on board the ship, vessel or aircraft any goods or merchandise intended

694

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5&6EUZ.2

Part l for disposal or delivery by way of trade or business

(whether on his own account or on account of any other person), not being merchandise received in the course of salvage; or

(6) agrees to carry any goods or merchandise on board the ship, vessel or aircraft in consideration of the payment of freight, or demands or receives any payment in respect of such carriage, shall be liable to dismissal from Her Majesty's service or any less punishment authorised by this Act

Malingering and drunkenness

Malingering. 27,—(1) A person is guilty of malingering within the meaning

of this section if he falsely pretends to be suffering from sickness or disability, if he injures himself with intent thereby to render himself unfit for service, or causes himself to be injured by any person with that intent or if, with intent to render or keep himself unfit for service, he does or fails to do anything (whether at the time of the act or omission he is in hospital or not) whereby he produces, or prolongs or aggravates, any sickness or disability; and for the purposes of this subsection the expression " unfit " includes temporarily unfit

(2) Every person subject to this Act who malingers shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act

Drunkenness. 28.—(1) A person is drunk within the meaning of this section

if owing to the influence of alcohol or any drug, whether alone or in combination with any other circumstances, he is unfit to be entrusted with his duty or with any duty which he might be called upon to perform, or behaves in a disorderly manner or in a manner likely to bring discredit on Her Majesty's service.

(2) Every person subject to this Act who is drunk, whether on duty or not, shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

Offences relating to property

Misapplication

and

destruction of public and service property.

29. Every person subject to this Act who—

(a) steals or fraudulently misapplies any public or service

property;

(b) receives any such property knowing it to have been

stolen or to have been fraudulently misapplied;

(c) wilfully destroys or damages any such property; or id) by wilful neglect allows any such property to be

destroyed or damaged; shall be liable to imprisonment for any term or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

695

30. —(1) Every person subject to this Act who—

(a) loses any public or service property of which he has

the charge or which has been entrusted to his care, or which forms part of property of which he has the charge or which has been entrusted to his care;

(b) by negligence destroys or damages any public or service

property or allows any such property to be destroyed or damaged; or

(c) wastefully expends any such property,

shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act

(2) It shall be a defence for a person charged under this section with losing any property that he took reasonable steps for its care and preservation.

31. —(1) Every person subject to this Act who makes away with (whether by pawning, selling, destroying or in any other way), or loses or by negligence damages or allows to be damaged—

(a) any clothing, arms, ammunition or other equipment

issued to him for his use for naval purposes; or

(b) any naval, military or air force decoration granted to

him,

shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act

(2) It shall be a defence for a person charged under this section with losing any property that he took reasonable steps for its care and preservation.

Offences relating to billeting and requisitioning of , etc.

32. Every person subject to this Act who—

(a) knowing that no billeting requisition issued by virtue of subsection (1) of section one of the Naval Billeting, &c. Act 1914, is in force authorising him to demand any billets, or that he is otherwise not authorised to demand them, obtains those billets or orders or procures another person to obtain them;

(b) takes or agrees to take, or demands, from a person on whom he or any other person or any vehicle is or is to be billeted in pursuance of such a requisition any money or thing as consideration for not requiring, or ceasing to require, accommodation for himself or the said other person or standing room for the vehicle; or

Part I

—cont.

Loss and waste of public and service property.

Offences relating to issues and decorations.

Billeting

offences.

696

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part 1 —cont.

(c) wilfully or by wilful neglect destroys or damages, or causes or allows to be destroyed or damaged, any premises in which he is billeted in pursuance of such a requisition, or any property being in such premises,

shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

Offences in relation to requisitioning of vehicles, etc.

33.—(1) Every person subject to this Act who—

(a) knowing that no requisitioning order issued by virtue

of subsection (1) of section one of the Naval Billeting, &c. Act, 1914, is in force authorising him to give directions for the provision of any vehicle, or that he is otherwise not authorised to give such directions, gives directions for the provision of the vehicle or orders or procures another person to give such directions;

(b) in purported exercise of powers conferred by such a requisitioning order takes, or orders or procures any other person to take, possession of a vehicle, knowing that no such requisition order is in force under which the taking possession of the vehicle could be authorised, or that the taking possession thereof is otherwise not authorised under such an order; or

(c) takes or agrees to take, or demands, from any person

any money or thing as consideration for directions, or any particular directions, for the provision of a vehicle not being given, or possession of a vehicle not being taken, or not being retained, under such a requisitioning order.

shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall apply in relation to horses, mules, food and forage, and in relation to other chattels required—

(a) for vehicles, horses or mules furnished or to be furnished in pursuance of a requisitioning order issued by virtue of subsection (1) of section one of the Naval Billeting, &c. Act 1914, or for use in connection with such vehicles, horses or mules; or

(h) for persons or vehicles billeted in pursuance of a billeting requisition issued as aforesaid, or otherwise temporarily accommodated or to be so accommodated, or for use in connection with such persons or vehicles,

as it applies in relation to vehicles.

1957

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

Ch. 53

697

Miscellaneous offences Part I

—com.

34. —(1) Every person subject to this Act who without lawful Unauthorised authority discloses or purports to disclose, whether orally, in disclosure of writing, by signal or by any other means whatsoever, information information, relating to any matter upon which information would or might

be useful to an enemy shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

(2) It shall be a defence for a person charged with an offence under this section that he did not know and had no reasonable cause to believe that the information disclosed related to a matter upon which information would or might be directly or indirectly useful to an enemy.

35. Every person subject to this Act who— Falsification

(a) makes or signs any muster, record or other official of documents* document which is to his knowledge false in a material particular;

(b) alters any such document so that it is to his knowledge false in a material particular; or

(c) connives at the commission by another person subject to this Act of an offence against this section (whether or not he knows the nature of the document in relation to which that offence is committed),

shall be liable to dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty’s service or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

36. Every officer subject to this Act who is guilty of cruelty, Cru®jty or or of any scandalous, fraudulent or other conduct unbecoming

the character of an officer shall be liable to dismissal from Her officers. Majesty’s service with or without disgrace.

37. Every person subject to this Act who is guilty of any dis- Disgraceful graceful conduct of an indecent kind shall be liable to dismissalconduct* with disgrace from Her Majesty’s service or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

38.—(1) Every person subject to this Act who— Offences in

relation to

(a) having been duly summoned or ordered to attend before courts-martial.

a court-martial, fails to comply with the summons or order;

(b) refuses to take an oath or make an affirmation when

duly required by a court-martial to do so;

698

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I

—cont.

Conduct to the prejudice of naval discipline.

Attempt to commit naval offence.

Aiding and abetting of naval offence.

(c) refuses to produce any document in his custody or under his control which a court-martial has lawfully required him to produce;

() when a witness, refuses to answer any question which a court-martial has lawfully required him to answer;

(e) wilfully insults any person, being a member of a court-martial or a witness or any other person whose duty it is to attend on or before the court, while that person is acting as a member thereof or is so attending, or while that person is going to or returning from the proceedings of the court; or if) wilfully interrupts the proceedings of a court-martial, or otherwise misbehaves before the court,

shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

(2) References in subsection (1) of this section to a court-martial shall include references to a court-martial held in pursuance of the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955, or the law of any colony and to a disciplinary court.

(3) Where an offence against subsection (1) of this section is committed in relation to a court-martial and the court is of opinion that it is expedient that the offender should be dealt with summarily by the court instead of being brought to trial under this Act, the court may by order under the hand of the president sentence him to imprisonment or (except in the case of an officer) detention, for a term not exceeding twenty-one days, or to any punishment less than detention authorised by this Act

39. Every person subject to this Act who is guilty of any act disorder or neglect to the prejudice of good order and naval discipline not described in the foregoing provisions of this Act shall be liable to dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty’s service or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

Attempts and aiding and abetting

40. Every person subject to this Act who attempts to commit an offence against any of the foregoing provisions of this Act, shall be liable to the like punishment as for that offence:

Provided that a person shall not in any case be liable under this section to any greater punishment than imprisonment

41. Every person subject to this Act who aids, abets, counsels or procures the commission by another person of an offence against any of the foregoing provisions of this Act shall be guilty of the like offence and shall be liable to be charged, tried and punished as a principal offender.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

699

Civil offences

42.—(1) Every person subject to this Act who is guilty of any civil offence (that is to say any act or omission which is punishable by the law of England or would be so punishable if committed in England) shall be liable on conviction under this Act-

fa) in the case of an offence of treason or an offence of murder for which that punishment is not prohibited by section eight of the Homicide Act, 1957, to death;

(b) in the case of any other offence of murder, to im-

prisonment for life;

(c) in the case of any other offence, either—

(i) to such punishment (being a punishment authorised by this Act) as could be imposed on the offender on conviction before a civil court of the like offence committed in England, or

(ii) to dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty’s service or any less punishment authorised by this Act.

(2) A person subject to this Act may be charged with an offence under this section notwithstanding that he could on the same facts be charged with an offence under any other provision of this Part of this Act.

Punishments

43.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following section, the following are the punishments which may be awarded to persons convicted of offences under this Part of this Act, that is to say:—

(a) death;

(b) imprisonment for a term exceeding two years;

(c) dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty’s service;

() imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years;

(e) dismissal from Her Majesty’s service;

(f) detention;

(g) forfeiture of seniority for a specified time or otherwise; (A) dismissal from the ship or naval establishment to which

the offender belongs;

(0 fine;

O’) severe reprimand;

(k) disrating;

(0 reprimand;

Part I —corn. Civil offences.

Scale of punishments.

700

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part 1 (m) such minor punishments as are now inflicted, according

—cont- to the custom of the navy or may from time to time be

allowed by the Admiralty; and any reference in this Act to a punishment authorised by this Act is a reference to one of the said punishments.

(2) In this Part of this Act the expression " any less punishment authorised by this Act" means, in relation to the punishment specified in any paragraph of subsection (1) of this section, any one or more of the punishments specified in subsequent paragraphs of that subsection; and for the purposes of this subsection any reference in this Part of this Act to imprisonment other than a reference to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years shall be construed as a reference to the punishment specified in paragraph (b) of the said subsection (1).

(3) In the application of this section to a convicted person being an officer, subsection (1) shall have effect as if paragraphs (/), (k) and (m) were omitted; and in the application of this section to a convicted person being a rating, that subsection shall have effect as if paragraphs (g), ih), (/) (/) and (/) were omitted.

Supplementary 44.—(i) A sentence of imprisonment for any term exceeding

provisions as two years shall in all cases involve dismissal with disgrace from punishments. Her Majesty’s service.

(2) Dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty’s service (whether awarded by sentence or involved by a sentence of imprisonment) shall in all cases involve the forfeiture of all pay, bounty, salvage and allowances earned by, and of all annuities, pensions and gratuities, granted to, the offender, and an incapacity to serve Her Majesty again in any military, naval, air force, or civil service; and a sentence of such dismissal may be accompanied by a sentence of imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years.

(3) A sentence of imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years shall involve—

(a) in all cases, stoppage of pay during the term of imprison-

ment;

(b) in the case of a rating, disrating and deprivation of good

conduct medal and good conduct badges;

and any such sentence may be accompanied by a sentence of dismissal from Her Majesty’s service.

(4) Detention may be awarded for any term not exceeding two years; and a sentence of detention shall in all cases involve stoppage of pay during the term of detention, and disrating.

1957

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

Ch. 53

701

(5) A sentence of dismissal from Her Majesty’s service may Part l be accompanied by a sentence of forfeiture of any one or more —com. of the following, that is to say, pay, bounty, salvage and allowances earned by, and annuities, pensions and gratuities granted

to, the offender.

(6) A fine shall not exceed the amount of the offender’s basic pay for thirty days, and may be recovered by deductions from his pay in such manner as may be provided by regulations made by the Admiralty.

(7) A sentence of disrating may reduce the offender to any rate not lower than that prescribed, in relation to persons of the class to which he belongs, by regulations made by the Admiralty; and references in subsections (3) and (4) of this section to disrating are references to reduction to the rate so prescribed.

Part II

Trial and punishment of offences Arrest

45.—(1) It shall be the duty of every person subject to this Duty to bring Act who knows or has reasonable grounds for suspecting that any offenders to other person subject thereto is committing or has committed an offence under any provision of Part I of this Act, to take all reasonable steps within his power to cause that person to be brought to justice.

(2) Subject to Standing Orders of the commanding officer of any of Her Majesty’s ships or naval establishments, the following persons shall have power to arrest a person subject to this Act who is found committing or is alleged to have committed or is reasonably suspected of having committed any such offence as aforesaid, that is to say: —

(a) in the case of an officer, an officer subject to this Act

who is his superior officer or, if the person to be arrested is engaged in a mutiny, quarrel or disturbance, any officer subject to this Act;

(b) in the case of a rating, an officer subject to this Act, a chief petty officer, petty officer or leading rating subject to this Act who is of superior rate or senior to him in the same rate, and any rating exercising authority as a member of the regulating staff or as a member of the staff of the officer of the watch;

(c) in any case, a provost officer and any officer or person

legaUy exercising authority under or on behalf of a provost officer:

Provided that an officer shall not be arrested by virtue of paragraph (c) of this subsection except on the order of another officer.

702

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II —cont.

Provisions for avoiding delay after arrest.

(3) Any power of arrest under this section may be exercised either personally or by ordering into arrest the person to be arrested or by giving orders for that person’s arrest

46.—(1) Where any person subject to this Act is placed under arrest it shall be the duty of the commanding officer of the ship or establishment in which he is serving to ensure that as soon as may be either proceedings are taken for his trial or he is released from arrest.

(2) Whenever any person subject to this Act having been taken into naval custody, remains under close arrest for a longer period than eight days without being tried summarily under this Part of this Act or a court for his trial under this Part of this Act being ordered to assemble, a special report on the necessity for further delay shall be made by his commanding officer to the Admiralty, and a similar report shall be so made every eight days until the person under arrest is released from arrest or tried summarily or such a court is ordered to assemble.

(3) Any report to be made under this section shall be made by the quickest method which is reasonably available in the circumstances.

Evidence of arrest or surrender.

47.—(1) In any proceedings for an offence under Part I of this Act against a person who—

(a) has surrendered himself to any consular officer;

(b) has been taken on arrest or surrender into the custody

of a provost officer; or

(c) has been taken on arrest or surrender into custody at any police station, guard-room or other place in any part of Her Majesty’s dominions,

a certificate purporting to be signed by the consular or provost officer, or the officer in charge of the police station, guard-room or other place, as the case may be, containing a statement of the fact, date, time and place of arrest or surrender, and whether or not the person charged was wearing the uniform of any of Her Majesty’s naval forces at the time of arrest or surrender, shall be evidence of the matter therein contained.

(2) In any proceedings for an offence of desertion, absence without leave or improperly leaving his ship or place of duty against a person who on arrest or surrender has been brought before a court of summary jurisdiction in accordance with the provisions of Part III of this Act, a certificate purporting to be signed by a justice of the peace containing a statement of the fact, date, time and place of arrest or surrender, and whether or not the person charged was wearing the uniform of any of Her Majesty’s naval forces at the time of arrest or surrender, and containing such particulars as to the proceedings before the

L*

1957

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

Ch. 53

703

court as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Admiralty Part II

by statutory instrument, shall be evidence of the matter therein —com.

contained.

(3) In this section " provost officer " includes a corresponding officer of any of the forces of a Commonwealth country, or of a force raised under the law of any colony.

Jurisdiction

48. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any offence Jurisdiction of under Part I of this Act may be tried and punished by court- courts-martial, martial; and a court-martial shall have jurisdiction to try any

such offence whether committed within the United Kingdom or elsewhere.

(2) A person shall not be tried by court-martial by virtue of section forty-two of this Act for a civil offence of treason, murder, manslaughter, treason-felony or rape committed on shore within the United Kingdom; and for the purposes of this subsection an offence of murder or manslaughter shall be deemed to have been committed at the place of the commission of the act or the occurrence of the neglect which caused the death, irrespective of the place of the death.

(3) Except as provided by subsection (3) of section thirty-eight of this Act, a person who commits an offence under that section in relation to a court-martial shall not be dealt with by that court for that offence.

49. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a rating who Summary is charged with an offence to which this section applies may,tnal*

in accordance with regulations made by the Admiralty, be summarily tried and punished by the officer in command of the ship or naval establishment to which the offender belongs either at the time of the commission or at the time of the trial of the offence.

(2) This section applies to any offence triable by court-martial under this Act, other than an offence punishable by sentence of death.

(3) A commanding officer shall not have power under this section to award a sentence of dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty’s service or a sentence of imprisonment or detention for any term exceeding three months.

(4) The power conferred by subsection (1) of this section on the officer in command of a ship or naval establishment may, subject to regulations made under this section, be exercised—

(a) in respect of persons on board a single tender or boat which is absent from the ship or establishment on detached service, by the officer in command of that tender or boat;

704

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IJ

—cont.

Disciplinary

courts.

(b) in respect of persons on board one of two or more tenders or boats which are absent as aforesaid on detached service in company or acting together, by the officer in immediate command of those tenders or boats; and

(c) in respect of other persons absent from the ship or

establishment on detached service either on shore or elsewhere, by the officer in immediate command of those persons.

(5) The power conferred on any officer by subsection (1) or subsection (4) of this section may, subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by regulations made under this section, be delegated by that officer to any officer not below the rank of lieutenant or corresponding rank:

Provided that an officer to whom the said power is so delegated shall not have power to award any punishment other than those described in paragraph (m) of subsection (1) of section forty-three of this Act

50.—(1) If an officer of Her Majesty’s naval forces below the rank of commander is charged in time of war with an offence to which this section applies, the authority having power under this Act to order a court-martial for the trial of that offence may, if it appears to that authority that the offence is not of such a nature as to necessitate trial by such a court, order a disciplinary court in place of a court-martial; and a disciplinary court so ordered shall have power, subject to the provisions of this section and of any orders made thereunder, to try and punish the offence accordingly.

(2) This section applies to any offence triable by court-martial under this Act other than an offence under the following provisions of this Act, that is to say:—

(a) sections two to six, nine, ten, twenty-three, twenty-four,

twenty-nine, thirty-four to thirty-seven, and forty-two;

(b) sections forty and forty-one, so far as applicable to an offence under any of the provisions mentioned in paragraph (a) of tiffs subsection.

(3) A disciplinary court shall consist of not less than three nor more than five officers, being officers of Her Majesty’s naval forces subject to this Act, and shall include at least one member who is not below the rank of commander.

1957 Naval Discipline , 1957 Ch. 53

(4) The officer who orders a disciplinary court shall not be a member of the court.

(5) The Admiralty may by statutory instrument make orders as to the assembling, constitution, procedure and practice of disciplinary courts; and such orders may apply in relation to disciplinary courts and to proceedings of such courts, with the necessary modifications, any provisions of this Part of this Act or of General Orders in force thereunder relating to courts-martial and proceedings of courts-martial.

(6) A disciplinary court shall not have power to award any punishment greater than dismissal from Her Majesty’s service.

51. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the next follow- Jurisdiction to mg section, a person who has ceased to be subject to this Act

may be tried under this Part of this Act for any offence com-subjcctto mitted while subject to this Act, and may for that purpose be this Act. arrested and kept in custody, as if he had not ceased to be subject thereto.

(2) A person liable to be tried by virtue of this section may be tried by court-martial, but shall not be tried under section forty-nine or section fifty of this Act.

52. —(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of this Limitation section, a person shall not be tried under this Part of this Act of time for for any offence unless the trial is begun within three years after trial*

the commission of the offence, disregarding any time during which he was a prisoner of war or was illegally absent.

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing subsection, but subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of this section, a person shall not be tried by virtue of section fifty-one of this Act for an offence committed while subject to this Act unless the trial is begun within three months after he ceased to be subject thereto.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to an offence of mutiny or desertion; and notwithstanding anything in this section a person may, with the consent of the Attorney General, be tried under this Part of this Act at any time for a civil offence within the meaning of section forty-two of this Act committed outside the United Kingdom.

705

Part H

—cont.

Constitution of courts-martial

53*—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a court-Ordering of martial may be ordered by the Admiralty, or by any officer of court-martial, the Royal Navy who is authorised in that behalf by commission granted by the Admiralty.

z

706

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part n

—cont.

Composition

of

courts-martial.

(2) Where an officer authorised as aforesaid, and being in command of any fleet or squadron of Her Majesty’s ships abroad, dies, is recalled, leaves his station or is removed from his command, the officer on whom the command of the fleet or squadron for the time being devolves, may exercise the like power to order courts-martial as was exercisable by the officer authorised as aforesaid.

(3) Where an officer authorised to order a court-martial and being in command of any fleet or squadron of Her Majesty’s ships abroad—

(a) detaches any part of the fleet or squadron on separate

service; or

(b) separates himself from any part of the fleet or squadron,

he may by commission authorise the officer who from time to time is in command of that part of the fleet or squadron to order courts-martial therein during the continuance in force of the commission; and any such commission shall continue in force until revoked by the officer by whom it was granted or by the officer for the time being in command of the fleet or squadron.

(4) Where there is present at any place an officer subject to this Act who is in command of any of Her Majesty’s ships or naval establishments, and is superior in rank to another officer who, apart from this subsection, would have power to order a court-martial to be held at that place, that power shall be exercisable by the first-mentioned officer to the exclusion of the said other officer.

(5) Where it appears to an officer authorised by or under this section to order a court-martial in respect of any matter that by reason of his own concern with that matter it is undesirable for him to determine whether a court-martial should be ordered, he shall either—

(a) request a flag officer to act on his behalf; or

(b) if no such officer is available, give notice of the case

to the Admiralty;

and a flag officer so requested to act may order a court-martial accordingly notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of this section, and whether or not he is otherwise authorised to order a court-martial.

54.—(1) A court-martial shall consist of not less than five nor more than nine officers, being officers of Her Majesty’s naval forces subject to this Act who are of or above the rank of lieutenant.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

707

(2) An officer shall not be appointed a member of a court-martial unless he has held a commission in any of the armed forces of the Crown for a period of not less than three years or for periods amounting in the aggregate to not less than three years.

(3) The members of a court-martial, and such spare members as the authority ordering the court-martial considers appropriate for the purpose of filling vacancies, shall be nominated by that authority.

(4) The officer who orders a court-martial shall not be a member of the court-martial; and no court-martial shall consist of officers all of whom belong to the same ship or naval establishment

(5) The president of a court-martial shall not be below the rank of captain, and in the case of a court-martial for the trial of an officer of flag rank shall be an officer of flag rank.

(6) A court-martial for the trial of an officer of flag rank shall not include any member below the rank of captain.

(7) A court-martial for the trial of a commodore or captain shall not include any member below the rank of commander.

(8) A court-martial for the trial of a commander shall include at least two members, in addition to the president, who are not below the rank of commander.

55.—(1) For the purposes of every court-martial there shall be appointed a judge advocate and a clerk of the court, who shall respectively perform such functions at and in relation to the trial as may be prescribed by this Part of this Act or by General Orders made thereunder.

(2) The judge advocate and the clerk of the court may be appointed respectively by the authority by whom the court-martial is ordered or by such officer as that authority may direct; and in default of any such appointment, the judge advocate or clerk of the court as the case may be, shall be appointed by the officer nominated as president of the court-martial.

56.—(1) A court-martial shall be held on board such of Her Majesty’s ships or vessels, or at such premises on shore, whether within or out of the United Kingdom, as may be appointed by the authority ordering the court-martial, or by any officer designated in that behalf by that authority.

(2) A court-martial may, if it appears to the court to be expedient in the interests of justice, be adjourned, either generally

Part II

—cant.

Officials of courts-martial.

Place and time of sittings of courts-martial

708

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part U

—com.

Quorum

Oeoeral Orders as to

procedure of courts-martial.

or for the purpose of any part of the proceedings, to any other ship, vessel or place and shall, if so required by the authority or officer referred to in subsection (1) of this section, be adjourned to any other ship, vessel or place appointed by that authority or officer.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, a court-martial may, if it appears to the court that an adjournment is desirable for any reason, be adjourned for such period as the court thinks fit:

Provided that except with the consent of the accused and the prosecutor the period for which the court may be adjourned under this subsection shall not on any occasion exceed six days.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this section, a court-martial shall, unless prevented by weather or other unavoidable cause, sit from day to day (with the exception of Sundays) until the court has arrived at a finding and, in the case of a conviction, until sentence is pronounced.

57.—(1) If at any time between the nomination of the members of a court-martial and the pronouncement of sentence by that court the president dies or is otherwise unable to attend, the court shall be dissolved and the accused may be tried by another court.

(2) The proceedings of a court-martial shall be valid notwithstanding the absence of one or more of the members other than the president, so long as the number of members present throughout the proceedings is not reduced below four:

Provided that a member of the court who has been absent for any time during a sitting shall take no further part in the proceedings.

(3) Nothing in this section shall prejudice any power of the authority by whom a court-martial is ordered to dissolve the court.

Proceedings of courts-martial

58.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Admiralty may make General Orders for regulating the procedure and practice of courts-martial under this Act.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, provision may be made by such General Orders—

(a) for authorising the receipt of evidence by statutory declaration and other documentary evidence in proceedings before courts-martial, subject to such conditions and restrictions as may be prescribed by the Orders;

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

709

(b) for authorising the judge advocate appointed for the Part II

purposes of a court-martial to hear submissions and —com. evidence, in the absence of the members of the court, on such matters as may be prescribed by the Orders, and for applying to the judge advocate, in respect of such proceedings, any enactment relating to such a court;

(c) for prescribing anything which is authorised or required

by this Part of this Act to be prescribed by such Orders.

(3) General Orders under this section may direct that the powers conferred by section seven of the Bankers* Books Evidence Act, 1879 (which enables orders to be made for the inspection of bankers’ books for the purposes of legal proceedings) may be exercised for the purposes of a court-martial (whether within or without the United Kingdom) by the authority by whom the court-martial is ordered, as well as by the court or a judge within the meaning of that Act.

(4) General Orders under this section shall not have effect unless and until approved by Her Majesty in Council in pursuance of a report of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council; and every Order in Council made for the purposes of this subsection shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

(5) General Orders under this section shall be of no effect so far as inconsistent with any provision of this Act.

59.—(1) Before the members of a court-martial are sworn, the Challenge by names of the officers constituting the court shall be read over in accused* the presence of the accused, and he shall be asked whether he objects to being tried by any of those officers.

(2) Every objection made by the accused in respect of any officer shall be considered by the other officers appointed members of the court.

(3) If objection is made in respect of the president, and allowed by the other members of the court, the court shall adjourn and the authority by whom the court-martial was ordered shall appoint another president.

(4) If objection is made in respect of any member of the court other than the president, and allowed by the members of the court entitled to vote, the member objected to shall retire, and the vacancy shall be filled by the first officer nominated as a spare member in accordance with the provisions of section fifty-four of this Act who is qualified to be and is not already a member of the court.

710 Ch. 53 Naval Discipline , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part n (5) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, the accused may, before the members of the court have been sworn, raise any other objection which he desires to make regarding the constitution of the court; and if it appears to the court that any such objection is well founded the court shall adjourn and report the objection to the authority by whom the court-martial was ordered.

(6) After the members of a court-martial have been duly sworn, no question as to the constitution of the court shall be raised in the proceedings, but without prejudice to any power of the Courts-Martial Appeal Court or of the Admiralty in a case in which it appears that a substantial miscarriage of justice has occurred by reason of the oourt not having been duly constituted.

Administration 60.—(1) An oath shall be administered separately to each

of oaths. member of a court-martial, to the judge advocate, the clerk of the

court and any officer in attendance for instruction in the duties of judge advocate or clerk of the court, and to any person appointed to attend for the purpose of reporting or transcribing the proceedings or as interpreter.

(2) Except as provided by subsection (3) of this section, every witness before a court-martial shall be examined on oath.

(3) Where any child of tender years called as a witness does not in the opinion of the court understand the nature of an oath, his evidence may be received, though not given upon oath, if in the opinion of the court he is possessed of sufficient intelligence to justify the reception of the evidence and understands the duty of speaking the truth:

Provided that where the evidence is given on behalf of the prosecution the accused shall not be liable to be convicted unless it is corroborated by some other material evidence in support thereof implicating the accused.

(4) A person shall be permitted to make a solemn affirmation instead of taking an oath under this section—

(a) if he objects to being sworn, and states as the ground

of his objection either that he has no religious belief or that the taking of an oath is contrary to his religious belief; or

(b) if it is not reasonably practicable to administer an oath to him in the manner appropriate to his religious belief.

(5) An oath or affirmation required to be administered under this section shall be in such form, and shall be administered at such time, by such person and in such manner, as may be prescribed by General Orders under section fifty-eight of this Act.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

711

61.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section and to any provisions of General Orders under section fifty-eight of this Act with respect to the deliberations of the court upon their finding and sentence or upon other matters specified in those Orders, a court-martial shall sit in open court and in the presence of the accused.

(2) It is hereby declared that a court-martial has the like power to order the exclusion of the public from its proceedings as a civil court; and without prejudice to any such power, a court-martial may order that, subject to such exceptions, if any, as the court may specify, the public shall be excluded from all or any part of the proceedings of the court if it appears to the court that any evidence to be given or statement made in the course of the proceedings or of that part of the proceedings, as the case may be, might otherwise lead to the disclosure of any information which would or might be directly or indirectly useful to an enemy.

62.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, every question to be determined on a trial by court-martial shall be determined by a majority of the votes of the members of the court.

(2) In the case of an equality of votes on the finding, the court shall acquit the accused.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of section sixty-one of this Act, the finding of a court-martial on each charge, and any sentence of the court, together with any recommendation to mercy, shall be announced in open court.

(4) A finding of guilty where the only punishment which the court can award is death shall not have effect unless it is reached with the concurrence of all the members of the court; and where there is no such concurrence, but a majority of the members of the court are in favour of such a finding, die court shall be dissolved and the accused may be tried by another court.

(5) Where the accused is found guilty and the court has power to sentence him either to death or to some less punishment, sentence of death shall not be passed without the concurrence of all the members of the court.

63.—(1) Where, on the trial of any person by court-martial, it appears to the court—

(a) that the accused is by reason of insanity unfit to stand his trial; or

Part n — co.

Courts-martial to sit in open court

Finding and sentence.

Special finding of insane at time of trial or offence.

712 Ch. 53 Naval Discipline , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II (b) that the accused did the act or made the omission —cont. charged, but was insane at the time when the act was

done or the omission made so as not to be responsible according to law for his actions, the court shall so find, and shall order him to be kept in custody until effect is given to the directions of the Admiralty.

(2) In the case of any such finding, the Admiralty may give orders for the safe custody of the accused during Her Majesty’s pleasure in such place and manner as they think fit

Summoning of 64.—(1) Any person, whether subject to this Act or not who

witnesses. j$ required to give evidence before a court-martial may be summoned by notice in writing given by the clerk of the court

(2) Any person not subject to this Act who attends a court-martial in pursuance of a notice under this section shall be entitled to receive such expenses of his attendance as may be authorised in accordance with regulations made by the Admiralty.

Contempt of 65.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, if any person

court-martial not subject to this Act (whether within the United Kingdom or byc.vil.ans. elsewhere)-

(a) having been duly summoned to attend as a witness before

a court-martial, fails to comply with the summons;

(b) is guilty in relation to a court-martial of any such act

or default as is described in paragraphs (b) to if) of subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of this Act; or

ic) does any other act in relation to a court-martial which, if the court were a court of law having power to commit for contempt, would be punishable as contempt of that court,

the president of the court-martial may certify the offence to any court of law having jurisdiction in the place where it is alleged to have been committed or in the place where the offender is to be found, being a court having power to commit as aforesaid.

(2) The court to which an offence is certified under this section may inquire into the alleged offence and, after hearing any witnesses who may be produced against or on behalf of the person charged therewith, and after hearing any statement that may be offered in defence, deal with him in any manner in which the court could deal with him if he had committed the like offence in or in relation to that court.

(3) A person shall not be dealt with under this section in respect of failure to comply with a summons requiring him to attend as a witness before a court-martial unless any expenses to which he is entitled under this Act in respect of his attendance have been paid or tendered:

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

713

Provided that for the purposes of this subsection—

(a) the tender of a warrant or voucher entitling any person to travel free of charge shall be deemed to constitute tender of his expenses in respect of any travelling authorised by the warrant or voucher; and

(b) the tender of a written undertaking on behalf of the Admiralty to defray at the trial any other expenses to which such a person may be entitled under this Act in respect of his attendance shall be deemed to constitute tender of those expenses.

(4) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (5) of section fifty of this Act, this section applies in relation to a disciplinary court as it applies in relation to a court-martial.

66. —(1) As soon as practicable after the conclusion of a Record of court-martial, the judge advocate or the clerk of the court shall proceedings of transmit to die Commander-in-Chief or senior naval officer the courts-martial, record of the proceedings; and the Commander-in-Chief or senior

naval officer shall transmit it to the Admiralty.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person who has been charged before a court-martial shall be entitled, on application made to the Admiralty within five years after the conclusion of the proceedings before the court-martial, to receive a copy of the record of the proceedings, subject to payment of such fee (if any), not exceeding the cost of making the copy, as may be required by the Admiralty.

(3) Where a person charged as aforesaid dies within the period of five years mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, his personal representatives, or any person who in the opinion of the Admiralty ought to be treated for the purposes of this subsection as his personal representative, shall, on application made to the Admiralty within one year after his death, have the like right to receive a copy of the record as that person would have had on application made under that subsection.

(4) If, on application made in pursuance of this section for a copy of the record of any proceedings, the Admiralty certify that it is necessary for reasons of security that the proceedings or any part thereof should not be disclosed, the applicant shall not be entitled to a copy of the proceedings or part to which the certificate relates.

Power to convict of mitigated or alternative offence

67. Where the punishment for any offence under this Act Power to depends upon the intent with which or the circumstances in which convict of the offender acts, and any person is charged with committing that offence with an intent or in circumstances involving the higher ° degree of punishment, he may be found guilty of committing that offence without that intent, or in circumstances involving the

lower degree of punishment, as the case may be.

z*

Part II

—corn.

714

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II

—COM,

Power to convict of alternative offence.

Power to

convict of attempt notwithstanding proof of completed offence.

Review by Admiralty of finding and sentence.

68. —(1) Where a person is charged with an offence under any provision of this Act other than section forty-two, and it is not proved that he committed that offence but is proved that he committed any other such offence, being—

(a) an attempt to commit the offence charged; or

(b) an offence of the same class as the offence charged and

not involving greater punishment, he may be found not guilty of the offence charged but guilty of the said other offence.

(2) Where a person is charged with a civil offence under section forty-two of this Act and it is not proved that he committed that offence but is proved that he committed any other civil offence of which, if he had been tried by a civil court for committing the first-mentioned offence in England, he might have been found guilty, he may be convicted of an offence under the said section forty-two in respect of the commission of that other civil offence.

69. It is hereby declared that a person charged under this Act with an attempt to commit any offence may be convicted notwithstanding proof that he actually committed that offence.

Review of finding and sentence

70.—(1) Any finding of guilty under this Part of this Act, and any sentence awarded in respect of such a finding, may be reviewed by the Admiralty at any time, and in the case of trial by court-martial shall be so reviewed as soon as practicable after the Admiralty have received the record of the proceedings.

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing subsection, a person convicted under this Part of this Act by a court-martial may at any time present a petition to the Admiralty against the finding or sentence or both; and in any such case the Admiralty shall, as soon as practicable after the presentation of the petition and after consideration of the matters alleged therein, review the finding or sentence or both, as the case may be.

(3) If an application for leave to appeal against a conviction by court-martial under this Part of this Act is received by the registrar of the Courts-Martial Appeal Court, or if the said registrar receives particulars of such an application furnished in pursuance of paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section four of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951, so much of subsections (1) and (2) of this section as requires the Admiralty to review the finding of a court-martial shall cease to have effect in relation to that conviction.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

715

71.—(1) On the review of a finding under section seventy of Part U this Act the Admiralty may— Pow^U*

(a) in any case, quash the finding; or alter

(b) where some other finding of guilty could lawfully have findin8S*

been made by the court or officer before whom the trial took place, and it appears to the Admiralty that that court or officer must have been satisfied of facts necessary to justify that other finding, substitute that other finding.

(2) Where a finding is quashed by the Admiralty under this section, then—

(a) if the sentence passed in respect of that finding relates

to that finding only, the sentence shall be quashed;

(b) if the sentence relates to that and any other finding or

findings, the Admiralty may substitute such sentence authorised by this Act in respect of the other finding or findings as they think proper, not being a sentence of greater severity.

(3) Where a finding is substituted by the Admiralty under this section, the Admiralty may substitute for the sentence passed in respect of the original finding such sentence authorised by this Act in respect of the substituted finding as they think proper, not being a sentence of greater severity.

(4) Any finding or sentence substituted under this section shall be treated for all purposes as the finding or sentence of the court or officer before whom the trial took place.

72.—(1) On the review of a sentence under section seventy Power to remit

of this Act the Admiralty may, subject to the provisions of this or alter section,— sentences.

(a) annul the sentence;

(b) remit the sentence in whole or in part;

(c) commute the sentence for a sentence of a punishment

provided by this Act less than the punishment or the greatest of the punishments imposed by the sentence commuted;

() if the sentence is for any reason invalid, substitute such

sentence as they think proper, being a sentence which could lawfully have been awarded in respect of the relevant finding or findings, not being a sentence of greater severity.

(2) In relation to a sentence passed upon summary trial, the powers of the Admiralty under the last foregoing subsection may

Z * 2

716

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II be exercised, to such extent and subject to such limitations as

—cont. may be prescribed by regulations made by the Admiralty, by an

officer not below the rank of commodore authorised in that behalf by the Admiralty.

(3) Any sentence having effect after remission or commutation under this section, or substituted under this section, shall be treated for all purposes as the sentence of the court or officer before whom the trial took place.

(4) Nothing in this section shall enable the Admiralty to annul, remit or commute a sentence of death passed on a person found guilty under this Act of treason or murder.

Saving for functions of Judge Advocate of Her Majesty’s Fleet

73. Nothing in this Part of this Act shall prejudice the exercise by the Judge Advocate of Her Majesty’s Fleet of his functions of considering and reporting on the proceedings of courts-martial and disciplinary courts, or any other of his functions in relation to such courts.

Special powers of Admiralty Power to 74.—(1) If any rating subject to this Act signs a confession

dispense with that he is guilty of desertion, the Admiralty may by order dis-Snf^iMk>nS with his trial for that offence and, if they think fit, impose desertion. on Wm any such forfeiture as could be imposed on conviction of that offence under Part I of this Act.

(2) The powers of the Admiralty under this section may be exercised by any flag officer authorised by the Admiralty in that behalf, as well as by the Admiralty.

Forfeiture of 75.—(1) If it appears to the Admiralty that any person subject

pay and effects to this Act is absent without leave and has been so absent for a period of not less than one month (whether or not he appears to absentees. guilty of desertion), then, without prejudice to any proceedings

which may be taken against him in the event of his apprehension or return, the Admiralty may by an order containing a statement of his said absence impose on him any such forfeiture as could be imposed on conviction of an offence of desertion under Part I of this Act.

(2) An order under this section for the forfeiture of any property shall be sufficient authority for the sale of that property and for the disposal of the proceeds of sale in accordance with the directions of the Admiralty:

Provided that the Admiralty may. if they think fit on sufficient cause shown at any time after the making of the order—

(a) remit the forfeiture of any property which has not been

sold thereunder; or

(b) pay or dispose of the proceeds of sale of any property

sold thereunder to or for the use of the person to whom it belonged or his representatives.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

717

(3) The powers conferred by this section on the Admiralty may be exercised by the Commander-in-chief or flag officer from whose command a person is absent as aforesaid, as well as by the Admiralty.

76.—(1) Where any person is convicted under this Part of this Act of unlawfully obtaining any property, whether by stealing it, receiving it knowing it to have been stolen, embezzling it, fraudulently misapplying it or otherwise, the Admiralty may—

(a) if the whole or any part of the property unlawfully obtained is found in the possession of the offender, order the property so found to be repaid or restored to the person appearing to the Admiralty to be its owner;

(b) if any property (other than money) appearing to the Admiralty to have been obtained by the conversion or exchange of any of the property unlawfully obtained is found as aforesaid, order the property so found to be delivered to the person appearing to the Admiralty to be the owner of the property unlawfully obtained;

(c) if and so far as neither the property unlawfully obtained nor property of equivalent value in respect of which an order is made under paragraph (b) of this subsection is found in the possession of the offender, order that the offender be required to pay to the person appearing to the Admiralty to be the owner of the property unlawfully obtained such sum as or towards compensation as appears to the Admiralty to be just.

(2) Where a person is convicted as aforesaid and it appears to the Admiralty that any of the property unlawfully obtained was taken in exchange from the offender by any other person who did not then know it to have been unlawfully obtained, the Admiralty may—

(a) if the whole or any part of the property given in exchange

by the said other person is found in the possession of the offender, order that on restitution of the property taken in exchange to the person appearing to the Admiralty to be its owner, the property so found be restored to the said other person;

(b) if and so far as the said property is not so found, order

that on restitution as aforesaid of the property taken in exchange the offender be required to pay to the said other person such sum as or towards compensation as appears to the Admiralty to be just.

(3) Where a person is convicted as aforesaid and it appears to the Admiralty that any of the property unlawfully obtained

Part n

—cont.

Restitution or compensation on conviction of larceny, etc.

718 Ch. 53 Naval Discipline , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part ]] —cont. was purchased or taken in pawn from the offender by a person who did not then know it to have been unlawfully obtained, the Admiralty may order that on restitution of that property to the person appearing to the Admiralty to be its owner the offender be required to pay to the said other person such sum as or towards compensation as appears to the Admiralty to be just. (4) Any sum payable by an offender by way of compensation under this section may be ordered to be paid out of money found in the possession of the offender or by means of deductions from his pay. (5) The amount or aggregate amount of the compensation which an offender may be required to pay by an order or orders under this section otherwise than out of money found in his possession shall not in any case exceed one hundred pounds. (6) Subject to regulations made by the Admiralty, the powers conferred on the Admiralty by the foregoing provisions of this section may be exercised— (a) where the offender is tried by a court-martial or disciplinary court, by that court, by the officer who ordered that court or by the Commander-in-Chief or senior naval officer to whom the proceedings are transmitted under section sixty-six of this Act; (b) where the offender is tried summarily under section forty-nine of this Act, by the officer in command of the ship or establishment to which he belongs, as well as by the Admiralty, and references in those provisions to the Admiralty shall be construed accordingly. (7) An order under this section shall not bar the right of any person, other than the offender or a person claiming through him, to recover any property delivered or paid in pursuance of such an order from the person to whom it is delivered or paid.

Effect of 77.—(1) The operation of any order made under section

appeal against seventy-six of this Act on conviction by a court-martial or o^orde?1for disciplinary court shall be suspended—

restitution or (0) in any case, until the expiration of the period prescribed

compensation. under Part I of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951,

as the period within which an application for leave to appeal to the Courts-Martial Appeal Court against the conviction must be lodged; and (b) if such an application is duly lodged, until either the application is finally refused or is withdrawn or the appeal is determined or abandoned; and where the operation of any such order is suspended under this subsection, the order shall not take effect if the conviction is quashed on appeal.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

719

(2) On any appeal to the Courts-Martial Appeal Court the Part n

court may by order annul or vary any order made under the —com

said section seventy-six although the conviction in respect of

which it was made is not quashed.

(3) Rules of court made under the said Act of 1951 may

make provision for securing the safe custody, during the period

during which the operation of an order is suspended under this section, of the property ordered to be restored or handed over or the money to which the order relates.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this section, an order under the said section seventy-six shall not, so far as it relates to the delivery of property to the person appearing to be the owner thereof, be suspended if it is certified by the Admiralty, or by the court or officer by whom the order is made, that the title to the property is not in dispute.

Execution of sentence of death

78. —(1) A sentence of death passed under this Act shall not Confirmation

be carried out until it has been confirmed by the Admiralty. authority

for execution.

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing subsection, a sentence of death passed under this Act shall not be carried out in any colony except with the authority of the Governor of the colony.

79. —(1) The Admiralty may make regulations with respect to Regulations as the execution of sentences of death under this Act, whetherto

passed in the United Kingdom or elsewhere.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, regulations under this section may make provision with respect to all or any of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the manner in which, the person by whom and the

country or territory, place and kind of establishment (whether naval or not) where any such sentence is to be executed; and

(b) the custody and treatment of the person under sentence

and his removal from one place or establishment to another between the passing and execution of the sentence,

or may authorise such person as may be specified in or determined by or under the regulations to give directions with respect to all or any of those matters.

(3) Regulations made under this section may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions as appear to the Admiralty to be necessary for the purposes of the regulations.

720

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part n (4) Such provost marshal or other provost officer not below — the rank of lieutenant-commander as may be specified in or determined under regulations under this section shall be responsible for the due execution of any sentence of death passed under this Act.

(5) The power of the Admiralty to make regulations under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and any statutory instrument containing such regulations shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

Execution 80.—(1) A person sentenced to death and committed or

jj transferred to a civil prison in the United Kingdom in pursuance

KiMdomf^ regulations under section seventy-nine of this Act shall, while in that prison, be confined and otherwise dealt with in the same manner as a person confined therein under a like sentence of a civil court.

(2) The Capital Punishment Amendment Act, 1868, and any rules made under section seven of that Act, shall apply in relation to the execution in a civil prison of a sentence of death passed under this Act for any offence, but as if for references to the sheriff there were substituted references to the provost marshal or other provost officer responsible for the due execution of the sentence.

Service of sentence of imprisonment or detention

81.—(1) Any person sentenced under this Act to imprison* or detention. ment may be confined during the term of the sentence—

(a) in any naval detention quarters;

(b) in any military establishment or air-force establishment

within the meaning of Part II of the Army Act, 1955, or Part II of the Air Force Act, 1955;

(c) in any civil prison in any part of Her Majesty’s

dominions;

() in any other establishment in which persons may be

required to serve sentences of imprisonment passed under the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955.

(2) Any person sentenced under this Act to detention may be confined during the term of the sentence—

(a) in any naval detention quarters;

(b) in any such military or air-force establishment as aforesaid, not being a military or air-force prison; and may, in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be specified by or under regulations made by the Admiralty, be temporarily detained in a military or air-force prison or a dvfl prison for any period not exceeding seven days.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

721

(3) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, the place to which a person sentenced under this Act to imprisonment or detention is to be committed may be determined by any of the following authorities, that is to say:—

(a) in any case, the Admiralty or the Commander-in-Chief;

(b) where the offender is tried on any foreign station, the

senior naval officer present at the place where he is tried;

(c) where the offender is tried by court-martial, the officer

who ordered the court-martial;

() where the offender is summarily tried under section

forty-nine of this Act, the officer by whom he is so tried or the officer in command of the ship or naval establishment to which the offender belongs; and a committal order made by any such authority shall be sufficient warrant for sending the offender to such place as may be specified therein, there to undergo his sentence according to law, and for detaining him in custody until he reaches that place.

82,—(1) The Admiralty may set apart any premises or vessels under the control of the Admiralty, or any parts of such premises or vessels, as naval detention quarters, and may make rules (in this Part of this Act referred to as Naval Detention Quarters Rules) with respect to all or any of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the provision, classification, regulation and management

of naval detention quarters;

(b) the classification, regulation, employment, discipline and

control of persons serving sentences of imprisonment or detention passed under this Act in naval detention quarters or otherwise in naval custody;

(c) the removal of such persons from such quarters or

custody as aforesaid, either temporarily or by way of transfer to another establishment or form of custody, and their release on the expiration or determination of their term of imprisonment or detention;

() the temporary release of such persons on compassionate

grounds, the cases in which, periods for which and conditions subject to which they may be allowed out of such quarters or custody as aforesaid, and the remission of part of their sentences for good conduct and industry;

(e) the appointment, powers and duties of inspectors and

visitors and of officers and other members of the staff, of naval detention quarters; and such rules may apply the provisions of the Coroners Acts, 1887 to 1926, to naval detention quarters as those provisions apply in relation to prisons.

Part n

—cont.

Naval

Detention

Quarters

Rules.

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

722

Part 11

—cont.

Service of sentence in civil prison in the United Kingdom.

Removal of

certain

prisoners.

Ch. 53

(2) Naval Detention Quarters Rules shall not authorise the infliction of corporal punishment.

(3) Naval Detention Quarters Rules may apply with the necessary modifications all or any of the provisions of sections thirty-nine to forty-two of the Prison Act, 1952 (which relate to offences by persons other than prisoners).

(4) Naval Detention Quarters Rules may, to such extent as may be provided by the Rules, be made so as to apply to persons detained in naval detention quarters while serving sentences of imprisonment or detention awarded under the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955, notwithstanding that such persons are not for the time being subject to this Act.

(5) Naval Detention Quarters Rules may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions as are necessary for the purposes of the Rules.

(6) The Admiralty may, in respect of any foreign station on which persons subject to this Act are on active service, delegate the power to make Naval Detention Quarters Rules to the Commander-in-Chief or flag officer commanding the station, subject to such restrictions, reservations, exceptions and conditions as the Admiralty may think fit.

(7) Naval Detention Quarters Rules made by the Admiralty under this section shall be made by statutory instrument; and any statutory instrument containing such rules shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

83. The provisions of any enactment, rule or regulation with respect to the confinement, removal and treatment of persons committed to civil prisons in any part of the United Kingdom (including provisions relating to release, discharge and remission) shall apply to any person sentenced under this Act to imprisonment and committed or transferred to any such prison as they apply to a person committed to that prison under a like sentence of a civil court.

84. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Admiralty, the Commander-in-Chief or the senior naval officer present may by order give directions, in the case of any person subject to this Act who is serving a sentence of imprisonment or detention in a civil prison or a military or air-force establishment,—

(a) for the transfer of that person to any other prison or establishment to which he could have been committed under this Act, there to undergo the remainder of his sentence according to law; or

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

723

(b) for the production of that person for the purpose of attending any proceedings under this Act, whether as a witness or for trial or otherwise, or for any other purpose specified in the order,

and any such order may give directions as to the custody of the person to whom it relates and, in the case of an order under paragraph (b) of this subsection, for his return or transfer to the place from which he is removed or to any other place in which his sentence may be required to be served.

(2) An order under this section shall be a sufficient warrant for the removal of the person to whom it relates from the prison or establishment in which he is serving his sentence, for his reception in the prison or establishment to which he is transferred or returned in pursuance of the order, and for his detention in custody pending such reception.

(3) Where the attendance of any such person as aforesaid is required for the purposes of a court-martial under this Act, the power to make an order under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section may be exercised by the Commander-in-Chief or senior naval officer present at the place where that person is confined or where the court-martial is or is to be held.

(4) Any time during which a person removed in pursuance of an order under this section is in naval, military, air force or civil custody, or is serving any sentence of imprisonment or detention passed on him while so removed, shall be reckoned as part of the sentence current when the order was made.

(5) The provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to any enactment, rule or regulation authorising the removal of persons from civil prisons or military or air force establishments; but no order shall be made under this section for the transfer of a person confined in a civil prison within the United Kingdom to any other such prison to which he could be removed under the Prison Act, 1952, the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952, or the Prison Act (Northern Ireland), 1953.

Commencement and duration of sentences of imprisonment and detention

85.—(1) Except as otherwise provided by the following provisions of this Part of this Act, and by subsection (7) of section four of the Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951 (which empowers the court in certain cases to direct that a sentence shall begin to run from the day upon which an application for leave to appeal is dismissed), any term of imprisonment or detention under a sentence awarded under this Act shall begin to run from the beginning of the day on which the sentence is awarded.

Part II

—corn.

Cortimence-ment of sentences.

724 Ch. 53 Naval Discipline , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II (2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection a sentence —cont. awarded to a person tried summarily under section forty-nine of this Act shall be taken to be awarded on the day on which the warrant specifying the sentence, as approved in accordance with regulations made by the Admiralty, is read to the offender or, if the offender has been detained in custody since the signature of that warrant by the officer by whom he was tried, on the first day on which he was so detained.

(3) A committal order under section eighty-one of this Act may, if no place in which the sentence may be served is available where the offender is tried, direct that the term of the sentence shall begin to run on the date on which he reaches the place specified in the order; and in any such case the sentence shall be served accordingly notwithstanding that the offender may have previously returned to his duty or become entitled to his discharge, but the term shall be reduced by any period for which he has been kept in confinement in respect of the sentence during the interval.

Consecutive 86.—(1) Where any person who is serving a sentence of

sentences. imprisonment, whether passed under this Act or otherwise, is sentenced to imprisonment under this Part of this Act, or where a person sentenced to imprisonment under this Part of this Act is further sentenced to imprisonment under subsection (3) of section thirty-eight of this Act, the court or officer by whom die subsequent or further sentence is awarded may order that that sentence shall begin to run from the expiration of the first-mentioned sentence.

(2) Where any person who is serving a sentence of detention passed on him under this Act or under the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955, is found guilty under this Act of another offence for which he is sentenced to detention, or where a person sentenced to detention under this Act is further sentenced to detention under subsection (3) of section thirty-eight of this Act, the court or officer by whom the subsequent or further sentence is awarded may order that that sentence shall begin to run from the expiration of the first-mentioned sentence.

Periods of 87. Where any person detained in naval detention quarters compassionate or in a military or air-force establishment in pursuance of a release. sentence of imprisonment or detention passed on him under this

Part of this Act is released on compassionate grounds in pursuance of Naval Detention Quarters Rules, or Imprisonment and Detention Rules made under the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955, as the case may be, no account shall be taken, in calculating the period for which he is liable to be detained under his sentence, of the period beginning with the day after that on which he is so released and ending with the day on which he is required to return to custody.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

725

88.—(1) Where any person sentenced under this Part of this Act to imprisonment or detention becomes unlawfully at large during the currency of the sentence, no account shall be taken, in calculating the period for which he is liable to be detained under his sentence, of the period beginning with the day on which he becomes unlawfully at large and ending with the day on which he is taken into naval, military or air force custody or the custody of a civil authority, as being a person unlawfully at large, or, not having been taken into such custody, returns to the place in which he was imprisoned or detained before he became unlawfully at large:

Provided that if it appears to the Admiralty that during any part of that period he was in the custody of a civil authority or of any naval, military or air force authority specified in Imprisonment and Detention Rules made for the purpose of paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (2) of section one hundred and nineteen of the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955, that part of the period shall be disregarded for the purposes of this subsection.

(2) For the purposes of this section a person temporarily released from custody in pursuance of the appropriate rules or otherwise allowed out of naval, military, air force or civil custody for any period or subject to any condition, shall be treated as unlawfully at large if he fails to return at the expiration of the period, or to comply with the condition, as the case may be, or if an order recalling him has been made in pursuance of the said rules.

(3) In this section " the appropriate rules " means—

(a) in relation to a person serving a sentence in naval detention quarters. Naval Detention Quarters Rules; ib) in relation to a person serving a sentence in military or air-force custody. Imprisonment and Detention Rules made under the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955, as the case may be;

(c) in relation to a person serving a sentence in civil custody, rules made under subsection (5) of section forty-seven of the Prison Act, 1952, subsection (6) of section thirty-five of the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952, or paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section thirteen of the Prison Act (Northern Ireland), 1953, or (in the case of a person serving a sentence outside the United Kingdom) any corresponding provision of the law of the country or territory in which he is serving his sentence;

and " civil authority " means a civil authority (whether of the United Kingdom or of any country or territory outside the United Kingdom) authorised by law to detain persons, and includes a constable.

Part n —cont.

Periods of

unlawful

absence.

726

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline Act, 1957 5 A 6 Elk. 2

Part II

Limitation of total period of sentences of detention.

Suspension of sentences.

(4) In relation to any person committed or transferred to a civil prison in the United Kingdom, this section shall have effect in substitution for section forty-nine of the Prison Act, 1952, section thirty-seven of the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952, or section thirty-eight of the Prison Act (Northern Ireland), 1953, as the case may be.

89. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in this Part of this Act, no offender shall be kept continuously in detention for a period exceeding two years in pursuance of two or more sentences of detention.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not affect the validity of any order or direction under this Part of this Act that a sentence of detention shall begin to run from the expiration of another such sentence; but so much of any term of detention to which any such order or direction relates as would prolong the total term of detention beyond two years shall be remitted by virtue of the order or direction.

(3) Where any person sentenced to detention under this Act, the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955, is subsequently sentenced to imprisonment under this Act, any part of the sentence of detention which has not been served shall be remitted by virtue of the sentence of imprisonment, whether or not that sentence is suspended.

Suspension and reconsideration of sentences of imprisonment

and detention

90. —(1) Where any person has been sentenced under this Act to imprisonment or detention, the authority having power under section eighty-one of this Act to issue a committal order may, in lieu of issuing such an order, order that the sentence be suspended; and in any such case the sentence shall not begin to run until a committal order is issued under section ninety-one of this Act.

(2) Where any person has been sentenced under this Act to imprisonment or detention and a committal order in respect of that sentence has been issued under the said section eighty-one, the sentence may be suspended by an order made—

(a) in any case, by the Admiralty or by any officer holding

such command as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Admiralty;

(b) where the committal order was issued by an officer not

holding such command, by that officer; and in any such case the offender shall be released and the currency of the sentence suspended until a further committal order is issued in respect of that sentence under section ninety-one of this Act

1957 Naval Discipline , 1957 Ch. 53

(3) Where a sentence is suspended under this section, the Admiralty or, subject to any regulations or directions made or given by the Admiralty, any other authority by whom the sentence is suspended, may direct that any other punishment which the suspended sentence involves shall be suspended or remitted; but except as aforesaid the suspension of a sentence under this section shall not affect any such other punishment.

91. —(1) Where a sentence of imprisonment or detention is Committal or suspended under section ninety of this Act, a committal order

may at any time be issued in respect of the sentence— imder0*

(a) in any case, by the Admiralty or by any officer holding suspended

such command as may be prescribed by regulations sentence, made by the Admiralty;

(b) where a committal order under section eighty-one

of this Act had been issued before the suspension of the sentence by an officer not holding such command, by that officer.

(2) In relation to a sentence in respect of which a committal order has been issued under this section, subsection (2) of section ninety of this Act and subsection (1) of this section shall apply as if for any reference to a committal order under section eighty-one of this Act there were substituted a reference to the committal order under this section.

(3) Where any person whose sentence is suspended under the said section ninety is, during the suspension, found guilty under this Act of another offence for which he is sentenced to imprisonment or detention, then, subject to any recommendation to the contrary made by the court or officer by whom he is so sentenced, and subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of section eighty-nine of this Act,—

(a) the authority by whom a committal order under subsection (1) of this section is issued in respect of the suspended sentence, or

(b) the authority by whom a committal order under section eighty-one of this Act or under subsection (1) of this section is issued in respect of the further sentence may direct that the sentence in respect of which the order is issued shall begin to run from the expiration of the other sentence.

92. —(1) Where any person has been sentenced under this Act Reconsidera-to imprisonment or detention and the sentence is not for the tion of time being suspended under section ninety of this Act, the scntcncct* unexpired portion of the sentence may be remitted by an order

made—

(a) in any case, by the Admiralty or by any officer holding such command as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Admiralty;

727

Part II

—CO

728

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Euz.2

Part n (b) where the committal order or last committal order under

—con*- section eighty-one or section ninety-one of this Act

was issued by an officer not holding such command, by that officer,

and in any such case the offender shall be discharged from custody.

(2) Any sentence of imprisonment or detention which is for the time being suspended under the said section ninety may at any time be reconsidered by the Admiralty or any other authority by whom the sentence was or could have been suspended, and shall be so reconsidered at intervals of not more than three months; and if on any such reconsideration it appears that the conduct of the offender since his conviction has been such as to justify remission of the sentence, whether in whole or in part, it shall be remitted accordingly.

Spying in ships or in naval establishments abroad.

Seduction from duty in ships or in naval establishments abroad.

Arrest and jurisdiction.

Part III

Provisions relating to civilians and civil authorities Offences by civilians triable by court-martial

93. Every person not subject to this Act who, being on board any of Her Majesty’s ships or vessels, or being within any of Her Majesty’s naval establishments outside Her Majesty's dominions, acts as a spy for the enemy shall be liable on conviction by court-martial to death or to imprisonment for any term.

94. Every person not subject to this Act who, being on board any of Her Majesty’s ships or vessels, or being within any of Her Majesty’s naval establishments outside Her Majesty’s dominions, endeavours to seduce any person subject to this Act from his duty or allegiance to Her Majesty shall be liable on conviction by court-martial to imprisonment for any term.

95. —(1) Any person found committing an offence under section ninety-three or section ninety-four erf this Act, or alleged to have committed or reasonably suspected of having committed such an offence, may be arrested by any officer or rating subject to this Act, or by any provost officer or person legally exercising authority under a provost officer or on his behalf.

(2) Any such offence may be tried and punished by court-martial under Part II of this Act; and the provisions of the said Part II (except provisions relating to summary trial and to disciplinary courts) shall apply accordingly as they apply in relation to offences under Part I of this Act.

1957

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

Ch. 53

729

Offences punishable by civil courts

96. Every person who, whether within or without Her False pretence Majesty’s dominions, falsely represents himself to any naval, of ?J®rtion military, air force or civil authority to be a person who is illegally ^"leave absent from any of Her Majesty’s naval forces shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both

such a fine and such imprisonment.

97. —0) Every person who, whether within or without Her Procuring

Majesty’s dominions,— dLST*

(a) procures or persuades any person subject to this Act to Qr absence

commit an offence of desertion, of absenting himself without leave, without leave or of improperly leaving his ship or place of duty; or

(b) knowing that any such person is about to commit such

an offence as aforesaid, assists him in so doing; or

(c) knowing any such person to have committed such an offence as aforesaid, conceals him or assists in concealing him or assists in his rescue from custody, shall be guilty of an offence against this section.

(2) A person guilty of an offence against this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment, or on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment.

98. —(1) Every person who, whether within or without Her Unlawful Majesty's dominions, acquires any naval property, or solicits purchase of or procures any person to dispose of any naval property, or property acts for any person in the disposing of any naval property, p

shall be guilty of an offence against this section unless he proves either—

(a) that he did not know, and could not reasonably be

expected to know, that the chattels in question were naval property; or

(b) that those chattels had (by the transaction with which he

is charged or some earlier transaction) been disposed of by order of or with the consent of the Admiralty or of some person in authority who had, or whom he had reasonable cause to believe to have, power to give the order or consent; or

(c) that those chattels had become the property of an officer

who had retired or ceased to be an officer, or of a rating who had been discharged, or of the personal representatives of a person who had died.

730

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part in

—cont.

Illegal dealings in official documents.

(2) A person guilty of an offence against this section shall be liable on summary .conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment, or on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment

(3) In this section the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

" acquire " means, buy, take in exchange, take in pawn or otherwise receive (whether apart from this section the receiving is lawful or not);

" dispose " means, sell, give in exchange, pledge or otherwise hand over (whether apart from this section the handing over is lawful or not);

"naval property" means any chattel of any description belonging to Her Majesty, which has been issued for use for naval purposes or is held in store for the purpose of being so issued when required, and includes any chattel which had belonged, and had been issued or held, as aforesaid at some past time.

99*—(1) Every person who receives, detains or has in his possession—

(a) as a pledge or as security for a debt; or

(b) with a view to obtaining payment from the person

entided thereto of a debt due either to himself or to any other person, any official document issued in connection with the payment to any person of any pay, pension, allowance, gratuity or other payment payable in respect of his or any other person’s service in Her Majesty’s naval forces shall be guilty of an offence against this section.

(2) Every person who has in his possession without lawful authority or excuse (the proof whereof shall lie on him) any such document as aforesaid, or any official document issued in connection with the mobilisation or demobilisation of any of Her Majesty’s naval forces or any member thereof, shall be guilty of an offence against this section.

(3) A person guilty of an offence against this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment.

(4) For the purpose of this section a document shall be deemed to be in the possession of a person if he has it under his control, and whether he has it for his own use or benefit or for the use or benefit of another.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

731

(5) References in this section to Her Majesty’s naval forces Part in include references to the naval forces of any Commonwealth country or raised under the law of any colony.

100. —(1) A person alleged to have committed an offence under Jurisdtokn any provision of sections ninety-six to ninety-nine of this Act agplica-may, subject to the provisions of this section, be tried by a civil

court having jurisdiction in the place where he is for the time being, notwithstanding that the offence was committed outside the jurisdiction of that court.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing subsection, an offence committed in England and Wales, in Scotland or in Northern Ireland, shall not be triable outside England or Wales,

Scotland or Northern Ireland, as the case may be.

(3) Any sum paid to the Secretary of State in pursuance of section twenty-seven of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, in respect of a fine recovered under this Part of this Act shall be deemed to be Exchequer moneys within the meaning of that section and shall be paid by the Secretary of State into the Exchequer.

Process and execution in certain civil proceedings

101. —(1) Any process to be served on an officer or rating who is subject to this Act (in this section referred to as " the defendant ") in connection with proceedings for a maintenance etc^ ien*no* order as defined by this section, or for the variation, revocation

or revival of such an order, shall be deemed to be duly served on the defendant if served on the commanding officer of the ship or establishment in which the defendant is serving or on the books of which he is borne, and may, without prejudice to any other method of service, be so served within the United Kingdom by registered post.

(2) If, by reason of the ship in which the defendant is serving being at sea or for any other reason, it is impracticable to serve any such process on the said commanding officer, the process shall be deemed to be duly served on the defendant if, not less than three weeks after notice thereof has been given in writing to the Admiralty, it is served on the Secretary of the Admiralty.

(3) Where any such process appoints a hearing at a place more than twenty miles distant from the place where the defendant is serving and his appearance in person will be required at the hearing, the service of the process shall be of no effect unless there is left with it, in the hands of the person on whom it is served, a sum of money sufficient to enable the defendant to attend the hearing and return to that place.

(4) Where any such process is served in the United Kingdom and the defendant will be required to appear in person at the

<^»

732

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part HI

—cont.

Exemption of naval property from execution.

Arrest under warrants of naval

authorities.

hearing, the service of the process shall be of no effect if it is certified by the commanding officer referred to in subsection (1) of this section to the court by which the process was issued that the defendant is under orders for service on a foreign station and that in the opinion of that officer it would not be possible for the defendant to attend the hearing and return in time to embark for that service.

(5) In this section the expression " maintenance order " means an order made by a court in the United Kingdom or registered in or confirmed by such a court under the provisions of the Maintenance Orders (Facilities for Enforcement) Act, 1920, being an order for the payment of any periodical or other sum specified therein for or in respect of—

(a) the maintenance of any person who is or, where the order

is made in proceedings in connection with the dissolution or annulment of a marriage, would if the marriage had subsisted have been, the wife or child of the person against whom the order is made; or

(b) the maintenance of any illegitimate child of whom the

person against whom the order is made is the putative father; or

(c) any costs incurred in obtaining the order; or

() any costs incurred in proceedings on appeal against or

for the variation, revocation or revival of any such order;

and includes an affiliation order within the meaning of the Affiliation Orders Act, 1914.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be construed as enabling process to be served in connection with proceedings in a court of summary jurisdiction unless the defendant is within the United Kingdom or is serving in a ship on a home station or a naval establishment within the United Kingdom.

102. No judgment or order given or made by any court against a member of any of Her Majesty’s naval forces or of any naval force of a Commonwealth country or raised under the law of any colony shall be enforced by the levying of execution on any property of the person against whom it is given or made, being arms, ammunition, equipment, instruments or clothing used‘by him for naval purposes.

Arrest and detention of offenders by civil authorities

103. —(1) A warrant for the arrest of a person suspected of any offence under Part I of this Act may be issued by any Commander-in-Chief, by the senior naval officer present at any port, by any officer in command of any of Her Majesty’s ships or naval establishments, or by any officer who by virtue of subsection (4) of section forty-nine of this Act has power to try that person for that offence.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

733

(2) A warrant issued under this section shall be addressed to an officer or officers of police, and shall specify the name of the person for whose arrest it is issued and the offence which he is alleged to have committed; and any such warrant may be issued in respect of two or more persons alleged to have committed the same offence or offences of the same class.

(3) A person arrested under a warrant issued under this section shall as soon as practicable be delivered into naval custody; and there shall be banded over with him a certificate signed by the officer of police who causes him to be delivered into naval custody stating the fact, date, time and place of arrest, and whether or not the person arrested was at the time of arrest wearing the uniform of any of Her Majesty’s naval forces.

104. —(1) A constable may arrest without warrant any person who, having been sentenced under Part II of this Act to imprisonment or detention, is unlawfully at large during the currency of the sentence, and may take him to any place in which he may be required in accordance with law to be detained.

(2) The provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of section eighty-eight of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the foregoing subsection as they have effect for the purposes of that section.

105. —(1) A constable may arrest without warrant any person whom he has reasonable cause to suspect of being an officer or rating of any of Her Majesty’s naval forces who has deserted or is absent without leave.

(2) Where no constable is available, any officer or rating who is subject to this Act, or any other person, may arrest any person whom he has reasonable cause to suspect as aforesaid.

(3) Any person having authority to issue a warrant for the arrest of a person charged with crime, if satisfied by evidence on oath that there is, or is reasonably suspected of being, within his jurisdiction an officer or rating of am* of Her Majesty’s naval forces who has deserted or is absent without leave, or is reasonably suspected of having deserted or being absent without leave, may issue a warrant authorising his arrest.

(4) Any person taken into custody in pursuance of this section shall as soon as practicable be brought before a court of summary jurisdiction.

106. —(1) A constable may arrest without warrant any person whom he has reasonable grounds for suspecting of having committed an offence punishable under this Part of this Act on summary conviction, and may seize any property which he has reasonable grounds for suspecting of having been the subject of an offence against section ninety-eight of this Act.

Part HI

—com.

Arrest of persons unlawfully at large.

Arrest of deserters and absentees.

Arrest of persons suspected of offences punishable by civil courts.

734

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part m

—com.

Duties of governors of civil prisons, etc.

(2) Any person having authority to issue a warrant for the arrest of a person charged with crime may, if satisfied by evidence on oath that a person within his jurisdiction has, or is reasonably suspected of having, in his possession any property which has been the subject of an offence against the said section ninety-eight, grant a warrant to search for such property as in the case of stolen goods; and any property suspected of having been the subject of such an offence which is found on such a search shall be seized by the officer charged with the execution of the warrant, and that officer shall bring the person in whose possession or keeping the property is found before a court of summary jurisdiction.

(3) For the purposes of this section property shall be deemed to be in the possession of a person if he has it under his control, and whether he has it for his own use or benefit or for the use or benefit of another.

107.—(1) It shall be the duty of the governor of a civil prison—

(a) to receive and confine until discharged in due course of law any person sentenced under this Act to imprisonment who is committed, transferred or returned to that prison in pursuance of a committal order or an order made under section eighty-four of this Act, and to deliver over or discharge any such person in accordance with any order under this Act or on the expiration of his sentence;

(b) to receive and confine for a period not exceeding seven days any person who is for the time being in naval custody upon delivery of an order in that behalf purporting to be signed by a flag officer or by the officer in command of any of Her Majesty’s ships or naval establishments, or upon production of a committal order or an order made under the said section eighty-four relating to that person;

(c) to receive any person duly committed to that prison by a court of summary jurisdiction under this Part of this Act as being illegally absent from any of Her Majesty's naval forces, and to detain him until, in accordance with the directions of the court, he is delivered into naval custody.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section, except paragraph (a), shall apply to the person having charge of any police station or other place (not being a prison) provided for the confinement of persons in custody as it applies to the governor of a prison.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

735

Powers of civil courts and authorities as to deserters and absentees

108. —(1) Where a person surrenders himself to a constable as being a person who is illegally absent from any of Her Majesty’s naval forces* the constable shall, unless that person surrenders himself at a police station* bring him to a police station.

(2) The officer of police in charge of a police station at which a person has surrendered himself as aforesaid* or to which a person who has so surrendered himself is brought, shall forthwith inquire into the case; and if it appears to that officer that the said person is illegally absent as aforesaid he may cause him to be delivered into naval custody without bringing him before a court of summary jurisdiction or may bring him before such a court.

109. —(1) Where a person who is brought before a court of summary jurisdiction as being illegally absent from any of Her Majesty’s naval forces admits that he is so absent and die court is satisfied of the truth of the admission* the court may in any case, and shall unless he is in custody for some other cause, forthwith either—

(a) cause him to be delivered into naval custody in such manner as the court may think fit; or (b) commit him to some prison* police station or other place provided for the confinement of persons in custody, to be kept there for such reasonable time as the court may specify (not exceeding such time as appears to the court reasonably necessary for the purpose of enabling him to be delivered into naval custody) or until sooner delivered into naval custody.

(2) Any time specified by the court under the foregoing subsection may be extended by the court from time to time 2 it appears to the court reasonably necessary so to do for the purpose mentioned in that subsection.

(3) Where a person who is brought as aforesaid does not admit that he is illegally absent as aforesaid, or does so admit but the court is not satisfied of the truth of the admission* the court shall consider the evidence and any statement of the accused* and thereupon—

(a) if the court is satisfied that he is subject to this Act and is of opinion that there is sufficient evidence to justify his being tried under Part II of this Act for an offence of desertion, absence without leave or improperly leaving his ship or place of duty, the court may in any case, and shall unless he is in custody for some other cause, either cause him to be delivered into naval custody or commit him as provided by subsection (1) of this section;

Part ID

—cont.

Deserters and absentees surrendering to police.

Proceedings

before

summary

courts.

736

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part III

—com.

Certificates of arrest or surrender.

Naval forces, volunteers and trainees.

(b) in any other case the court shall, unless he is in custody for some other cause, discharge him.

(4) The following provisions of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952, that is to say the provisions relating to the constitution and procedure of courts of summary jurisdiction acting as examining justices and conferring powers of adjournment and remand on such courts so acting, and the provisions as to evidence and the issue and enforcement of summonses or warrants to secure the attendance of witnesses, shall apply to any proceedings under this section; and for the purposes of any such proceedings, a certificate purporting to be signed by the officer in command of any of Her Majesty’s ships or naval establishments and stating that a person is subject to this Act and is illegally absent as aforesaid shall be evidence of the matters so stated.

110.—(1) Where an officer of police causes any person to be delivered into naval custody under section one hundred and eight of this Act without being brought before a court of summary jurisdiction, there shall be handed over with that person a certificate in the prescribed form signed by the officer of police, containing a statement of the fact, date, time and place of surrender and whether or not the said person was at the time of surrender wearing the uniform of any of Her Majesty’s naval forces.

(2) Where a court of summary jurisdiction causes any person to be delivered into naval custody under section one hundred and nine of this Act, or any person is so delivered after having been committed under that section, there shall be handed over with him a certificate in the prescribed form, signed by a justice of the peace, containing—

(a) a statement of the fact, date, time and place of arrest

or surrender, and whether or not the said person was. at the time of arrest or surrender, wearing the uniform of any of Her Majesty’s naval forces; and

(b) such particulars of the proceedings before the court as

may be prescribed; and for any such certificate there shall be payable to the clerk of the court, by such person as the Admiralty may direct, such fee (if any) as may be prescribed.

(3) In this section " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Admiralty by statutory instrument.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General Persons subject to this Act

111.—(1) Every officer on the active list of officers of the Royal Navy (not being an officer of any such class as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Admiralty), and every rating of the Royal Navy, is subject to this Act at all times.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

737

(2) Any officer on any retired or emergency list of officers of the Royal Navy is subject to this Act when ordered on any duty or service for which, as such an officer, he is liable, and is so subject from the time appointed for him to report or attend for that purpose until he is duly released or discharged.

(3) Any officer or rating of any of the naval reserve forces is subject to this Act—

(a) while being trained or exercised in pursuance of any

enactment relating to those forces or any regulations made under any such enactment;

(b) when called, recalled or required to re-enter into actual service under any such enactment or regulation,

and is so subject from the time appointed for him to report or attend for any such purpose until he is duly released or discharged.

(4) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, any naval pensioner who is required to join the Royal Navy under section sixteen of the Naval Volunteers Act, 1853, is subject to this Act from the time appointed for him to report or attend for that purpose.

(5) Any person not otherwise subject to this Act who volunteers or engages for service, training or exercise with the Royal Navy, not being—

(a) a member of the Women’s Royal Naval Service or Queen Alexandra’s Royal Naval Nursing Service or any reserve of either of those services;

(b) a member of the Voluntary Aid Detachments;

(c) a member of the Sea Cadet Corps or the Combined

Cadet Force; or

(d) a person excepted from this subsection by directions of the Admiralty,

is subject to this Act during the period of service, training or exercise.

(6) A person not otherwise subject to this Act, being a member of—

(a) any of the armed forces of the Crown raised outside the United Kingdom; or

(b) any armed forces other than armed forces of the Crown,

not being in either case forces excepted from this subsection by directions of the Admiralty) is subject to this Act when ordered to be trained or exercised on board any of Her Majesty’s ships or in any of Her Majesty’s naval establishments.

2 A

Part IV

—cont.

738

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—cont.

Marines.

Attached military and air forces.

Commonwealth forces.

(7) Where by virtue of this section this Act applies to any person not being a member of the armed forces of the Crown, it shall apply to him (except so far as may be otherwise provided by regulations made by the Admiralty)—

(a) if he holds any rank or rate in any other naval, military

or air forces, as it applies to a person holding the corresponding rank or rate in the armed forces of the Crown;

(b) in any other case, as it applies to an able seaman.

(8) This section applies to chaplains in the Royal Navy or in any of the naval reserve forces as it applies to officers of the Royal Navy, or of that force, as the case may be.

112. —(1) An officer, non-commissioned officer or marine of the marine forces is subject to this Act when borne on the books of any of Her Majesty’s ships or naval establishments.

(2) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the application of this Act to any person who is subject thereto by virtue of this section.

113. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a member of Her Majesty’s military or air forces is subject to this Act when attached to Her Majesty’s naval forces under section one hundred and seventy-nine of the Army Act, 1955, or section one hundred and seventy-nine of the Air Force Act, 1955.

(2) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the application of this Act to any person who is subject thereto by virtue of this section.

(3) No woman shall be subject to this Act by virtue of this section.

114. —(1) Without prejudice to subsection (6) of section one hundred and eleven of this Act, the members of a naval, military or air force of a Commonwealth country are subject to this Act to such extent, and subject to such adaptations and modifications, as may be provided by or under the Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933, or by the law of that country.

(2) Where members of a force of any Commonwealth country are subject to this Act as aforesaid by virtue of the law of that country. Her Majesty may by Order in Council make such adaptations and modifications of this Act in relation to other members of Her Majesty’s naval forces as may be desirable for the purpose of regulating the relations between those members of Her Majesty’s naval forces and members of the force of that country.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

739

115.—(1) Without prejudice to subsection (6) of section one Part IV hundred and eleven of this Act, the members of a force raised —cant. for the naval defence of a colony in pursuance of section one of Colonkl the Colonial Naval Defence Act, 1931, are subject to this Act to f0ICCS* such extent, and subject to such adaptations and modifications, as may be provided by the legislature of that colony under subsection (1) of section two of that Act.

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing subsection, any officer or rating of any force raised by a colony as aforesaid is subject to this Act while at the disposal of Her Majesty for general service in the Royal Navy under subsection (2) of the said section two.

116. —<1) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of Application this Part of this Act, Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct

that members of any naval force of a Commonwealth country or common, raised by any colony shall be subject to this Act so far as it wealth and relates to the offences of desertion or absence without leave, colonial naval and to the arrest, trial and punishment of persons who have forces, committed or are suspected of having committed either of the said offences.

(2) Where any Order in Council is made under this section in relation to members of a naval force, references in section forty-seven and in Part III of this Act to Her Majesty’s naval forces shall include references to that force.

117. Parts I and II of this Act shall, to such extent and subject Application to to such modifications as may be prescribed by regulations made uSf11?^8511 by the Admiralty, apply to persons embarked as passengers on H’M*slup8* board Her Majesty's ships or aircraft (not being persons who are

subject to this Act by virtue of any of the foregoing provisions of this Act or are subject to military or air-force law), as they apply to persons subject to this Act.

118. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section where any Application to body of Her Majesty’s naval forces are on active service Parts I certain

and II of this Act shall (so far as applicable) apply to the follow-dvilians-ing persons, that is to say—

(a) any person employed in the service of that body of those

forces;

(b) any person employed in the service of any portion or

member of that body of those forces; or

(c) any person who accompanies that body of those forces or

any portion thereof,

as they apply to persons subject to this Act.

2 A 2

740

Part IV

—cont.

Application to sentenced offenders, etc.

Ch. 53 Naval Discipline , 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing subsection, but subject to the provisions of this section, the following provisions of this Act, that is to say—

(a) sections fourteen, thirty-eight and thirty-nine;

(b) sections forty and forty-one, so far as they relate to the

sections aforesaid;

(c) sections forty-two and forty-three; and

() Part II so far as it applies to an offence under any of

the said sections,

shall apply to a person of any class described in the Third Schedule to this Act who is within the limits of the command of any officer commanding any of Her Majesty’s naval forces outside the United Kingdom or any colony, as they apply to persons subject to this Act.

(3) The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the application of this Act to any person to whom it applies by virtue of this section.

(4) This section does not apply to any person to whom section one hundred and seventeen of this Act applies, or who is otherwise subject to this Act apart from this section or is subject to military or air-force law apart from section two hundred and nine of the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955.

119.—(1) A person sentenced under Part II of this Act to imprisonment or detention shall be subject to this Act until the expiration of the term of his sentence, whether or not he would have ceased to be subject to this Act apart from the provisions of this subsection; and in relation to any such person this Act shall apply as it applies in relation to an able seaman.

(2) If any person not otherwise subject to this Act, being in custody by virtue of section fifty-one or section ninety-five of this Act, commits or is reasonably suspected of having committed an offence which, if he were subject to this Act, would be an offence against any provision of Part I of this Act, he shall be treated for the purposes of that provision and of Part II of this Act as having been subject to this Act at the time of the offence or suspected offence, and as continuing to be so subject thereafter.

(3) Where by virtue of subsection (2) of this section a person who does not hold any naval rank or rate is treated for the purpose of any provisions of this Act as a person subject to this Act, this Act shall apply to him for that purpose—

(a) if he holds any military or air force rank, as it applies to a person holding the corresponding naval rank or rate;

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

741

(b) if he held any naval rank or rate or any military or

air-force rank when last subject to this Act apart from this section, as it applies to a person holding that or the corresponding naval rank or rate;

(c) in any other case, as it applies to an able seaman.

Attachment and powers of command

120. —(1) Any officer or rating of Her Majesty’s naval forces may be attached temporarily to any of Her Majesty’s military or air forces.

(2) Regulations may be made by the appropriate Service authorities for prescribing the circumstances in which officers and ratings of Her Majesty’s naval forces are to be treated as attached to any of Her Majesty’s military or air forces, as the case may be, under this section.

(3) In this section "the appropriate Service authorities" means—

(a) in relation to attachment to any of the marine forces,

the Admiralty;

(b) in relation to attachment to any other of Her Majesty’s military forces, the Admiralty and the Army Council;

(c) in relation to attachment to any of Her Majesty’s air

forces, the Admiralty and the Air Council.

(4) A person shall not cease to be subject to this Act by reason only of his being attached to any forces in pursuance of this section.

121. —(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of section four of the Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933 (which provides for the attachment of members of home forces to the forces of certain Commonwealth countries), any officer or rating of Her Majesty’s naval forces may, by order of the Admiralty or of the Commander-in-Chief or senior naval officer present on a foreign station, be required to serve with any naval, military or air force of a Commonwealth country or of any other country.

(2) A person shall not cease to be subject to this Act by reason only of his being required to serve with any naval, military or air force in pursuance of this section.

122. —(1) In so far as powers of command depend on rank or rate, an officer, warrant officer or non-commissioned officer of any of Her Majesty’s military or air forces who—

(a) is acting with any body of Her Majesty’s naval forces; or

Part IV

—cont.

Attachment to military or air forces

Attachment to commonwealth and other forces.

Powers of command of members of co-operating | military or air forces.

742

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—com.

Scotland.

(b) is a member of a body of the said military or air forces which is acting with any body of Her Majesty's naval forces,

shall have the like such powers as an officer or rating of Her Majesty's naval forces of corresponding rank or rate.

(2) For the purposes of section eleven, paragraph (b) of section twelve and section forty-five of this Act, any such officer, warrant officer or non-commissioned officer as aforesaid shall be treated as an officer or rating of corresponding rank or rate, and shall have the like powers under the said section forty-five as if he were a person subject to this Act.

Application to particular countries and territories

123.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for the purpose of the application of this Act to Scotland.

(2) In subsection (2) of section forty-seven and in subsection (2) of section one hundred and ten, for the reference to a justice of the peace there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff or to a member of the court, as the case may be.

(3) In section forty-eight, the expression " manslaughter ’ means culpable homicide.

(4) In subsection (2) of section eighty, references to the Capital Punishment Amendment Act, 1868, and to section seven of that Act, shall be construed as references to that Act and that section as they apply to Scotland, and for the reference to the sheriff there shall be substituted a reference to the lord provost or provost, or magistrate or magistrates, charged with seeing the sentence of death carried into effect.

(5) In section eighty-two, in subsection (1), for the reference to the Coroners Acts, 1887 to 1926, there shall be substituted a reference to section twenty-five of the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952, and in subsection (3) the reference to sections thirty-nine to forty-two of the Prison Act, 1952, shall include a reference to section thirty of the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952.

(6) In section ninety-eight, the expression " chattel " means corporeal moveable.

(7) In subsection (5) of section one hundred and one, the expression " putative father " means the person proved or admitted to be the father.

(8) In subsection (2) of section one hundred and six, for the words from " and that officer " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " who shall report the matter to the procurator fiscal''.

(9) In subsection (4) of section one hundred and nine, for the words from the beginning to " such proceedings " there shall be substituted the words " For the purposes of any proceedings under this section ’*.

tad

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

743

124. —(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for Part IV the purposes of the application of this Act to Northern Ireland. —com.

(2) In subsection (2) of section eighty, references to the Capital Punishment Amendment Act, 1868, to section seven of that Act, and to rules made under the said section seven, shall be construed as references to that Act and that section as in force from time to time in Northern Ireland, and to any rules under that section as so in force, and accordingly the reference to the sheriff shall be construed as a reference to the under-sheriff.

(3) In section eighty-two, in subsection (1), for the words " the Coroners Acts, 1887 to 1926 " there shall be substituted the words 44 section thirty-nine of the Prison Act (Northern Ireland), 1953, with any necessary modifications’*, and in subsection (3) the reference to sections thirty-nine to forty-two of the Prison Act,

1952, shall include a reference to sections twenty-eight to thirty-six of the Prison Act (Northern Ireland), 1953.

(4) Subsection (3) of section one hundred shall not apply; and all fines imposed in proceedings taken before a court of summary jurisdiction in Northern Ireland shall be dealt with in the manner provided by section twenty of the Administration of Justice Act (Northern Ireland). 1954.

(5) For the purposes of section one hundred and one the expression 44maintenance order" shall include an order made under section one of the Illegitimate Children (Affiliation Orders)

Act (Northern Ireland), 1924.

(6) In subsection (4) of section one hundred and nine for the reference to the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, there shall be substituted a reference to the Summary Jurisdiction Acts (Northern Ireland) and the rules made thereunder.

125. —(1) This Act shall apply to the Channel Islands and .

the Isle of Man in accordance with the following provisions of

this section.

(2) Any reference in this Act to the United Kingdom (except the references in section eighty and in subsections (3) and (4) of section eighty-eight) shall be construed as including a reference to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.

(3) Subsection (5) of section one hundred and one shall have effect as if—

(a) the reference to the Maintenance Orders (Facilities for Enforcement) Act, 1920, included a reference to an Act of Tynwald entitled the Maintenance Orders (Facilities for Enforcement) Act, 1921, a law of the States of Jersey entitled the Maintenance Orders (Facilities for Enforcement) (Jersey) Law, 1953 and a law of the States of Guernsey entitled the Maintenance Orders (Facilities for Enforcement) (Guernsey) Law, 1955; and

744

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—cont.

Colonies.

Protectorates, protected states, trust territories and federated territories

(b) the reference to an affiliation order within the meaning of the Affiliation Orders Act, 1914, included a reference to an order made under section three of an Act of Tynwald entitled the Bastardy Act Amendment Act, 1924, or under the laws of the States of Guernsey, entitled the Illegitimacy Laws, 1927 and 1955.

126. —(1) This section shall have effect for the purposes of the application of this Act to the colonies.

(2) Any reference in this Act to a constable shall be construed as or as including a reference to a person having the powers of a constable within a colony.

(3) Any reference in this Act to a court of summary jurisdiction, to a justice of the peace or to summary conviction shall be construed as a reference to a court exercising corresponding jurisdiction within a colony, to a judge or member of such a court or to conviction by such a court, as the case may be; and the reference in subsection (4) of section one hundred and nine of this Act to the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, shall be construed as a reference to any corresponding law of a colony.

(4) Any reference in this Act to a civil prison or to the governor of such a prison shall be construed as a reference to a prison or institution in which persons sentenced by a civil court in a colony may be confined, or to the governor, superintendent or other person in charge of such a prison or institution, as the case may be.

(5) In the application to a colony of any enactment contained in Part III of this Act providing for the imposition of a fine there shall, if the law of the colony so provides, be substituted for the fine specified in that enactment such higher or lower fine as may be provided by that law; and it shall be competent for the law of any colony to declare what amount of the local currency is to be treated as equivalent to die amount of money specified in any such enactment.

127. —(1) This Act shall apply in relation to any of the following, that is to say—

(a) any territory under Her Majesty's protection;

(b) any territory for the time being administered by Her

Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom under the trusteeship system of the United Nations;

(c) any country or territory consisting of two or more of

any of the following units, namely colonies, territories under Her Majesty’s protection or territories administered as aforesaid, as it applies in relation to a colony; and references in this Act to Her Majesty’s dominions shall be construed as including references to any such territory as is described in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of this subsection.

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

745

(2) Any reference in this Act to the law of a colony shall Part IV include, in relation to any two or more units described in para-

graph (c) of subsection (1) of this section which are under a central legislature, references to law made by that legislature.

(3) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, references in this Act to Her Majesty’s forces or to the armed forces of the Crown (other than references to Her Majesty’s naval forces) shall include references to the armed forces of the Federation of Malaya, and references in this Act to Her Majesty’s service or to the service or naval service of Her Majesty shall include references to the service or naval service of that Federation.

128. Notwithstanding anything in the Ireland Act, 1949, this Republic Act shall apply in relation to the Republic of Ireland as it applies of Ireland in relation to a foreign country, and not as it applies in relation to any part of Her Majesty’s dominions.

Miscellaneous provisions

129.—(1) Where a person subject to this Act is acquitted or Jurisdiction convicted of an offence on trial by a court-martial or disciplinary of civil courts, court, or on summary trial under section forty-nine of this Act, a civil court shall be debarred from trying him subsequently for the same offence; but except as aforesaid nothing in this Act shall be construed as restricting the jurisdiction of any civil court to try a person subject to this Act for any offence.

(2) Where a person subject to this Act is acquitted or convicted of an offence on trial by a civil court, he shall not subsequently be tried under this Act for the same offence; and no person so convicted shall, by reason of the conviction or the offence, be subjected to any loss or forfeiture of seniority or of rate, of privilege in respect of leave, or of pay or service (other than pay and service in respect of time spent in civil custody pending trial, or while attending his trial, or while serving any sentence of imprisonment, corrective training, preventive detention, detention in a Borstal institution or other detention awarded by the civil court):

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect the power to discharge any person from Her Majesty’s service as a person whose services are no longer required; and notwithstanding anything in this subsection a rating who would otherwise be so discharged may, on his own application, be reverted in lieu of being so discharged.

2 A*

746

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Redress of complaints.

Ships under convoy.

Definitions of Her Majesty’s ships, forces, etc.

130. —(1) If any person subject to this Act thinks that he has suffered any personal oppression, injustice or other ill-treatment, he may make a complaint in accordance with the procedure laid down in Queen’s Regulations and Admiralty Instructions; and, if the complainant is not satisfied with the decision of the authority to whom his complaint is made as aforesaid, and that authority neglects or refuses, when requested so to do, to forward the complaint to the next superior authority, the complainant shall be entitled to make a complaint direct to the next superior authority, and so on.

(2) It shall be the duty of any authority receiving a complaint under this section to have it investigated as soon as practicable and to take any steps for redressing the matter complained of which appear to that authority to be necessary.

131. —(1) It is the duty of the master or other person for the time being in command of any vessel comprised in a convoy under the command of an officer of Her Majesty’s naval forces, or of any person appointed in that behalf with the authority of the Admiralty, to obey, in all matters relating to the navigation or security of the convoy, any directions which may be given—

(a) where the convoy is escorted by any of Her Majesty’s

ships or vessels, by the commanding officer of any such ship or vessel;

(b) in any case, by the said officer or other person in command of the convoy,

and to take such precautions for avoiding the enemy as may be required by any such directions.

(2) If any such directions are not obeyed, any such commanding officer, or the said officer or other person in command of the convoy, may compel obedience by force of arms, and neither he nor any person acting under his orders shall be liable for any injury or loss of life or any damage to or loss of property resulting therefrom.

Interpretation

132.—(1) In this Act "Her Majesty’s ships" means commissioned ships flying the white ensign, and " Her Majesty’s vessels " means ships and vessels, other than Her Majesty’s ships, engaged in the naval service of Her Majesty, whether belonging to Her Majesty or not; but " Her Majesty’s ships " and " Her Majesty’s

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

747

vessels" do not include ships or vessels of a Commonwealth Part IV country or maintained by a colony, other than ships or vessels —com. placed at the disposal of the Admiralty or placed at the disposal of Her Majesty for general service in the Royal Navy.

(2) In this Act " Her Majesty’s naval establishments " means establishments belonging to or under the control of the Admiralty, whether within or without Her Majesty’s dominions.

(3) Where persons subject to this Act are appointed or drafted to one of Her Majesty’s ships or naval establishments for duty in any or any other of Her Majesty’s ships, vessels or naval establishments, those persons shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as belonging to the ship or establishment to which they are appointed or drafted.

(4) In this Act " Her Majesty’s aircraft " means aircraft in the service of Her Majesty, whether belonging to Her Majesty or not, but does not include aircraft belonging to a Commonwealth country or to any colony other than aircraft placed at the disposal of the Admiralty or placed at the disposal of Her Majesty for general service in the Royal Navy

(5) In this Act " Her Majesty’s naval forces " means the Royal Navy, the naval reserve forces (as defined by this section) and such of the marine forces, and of the naval forces of a Commonwealth country or raised under the law of any colony, as are for the time being subject to this Act.

(6) In this Act "Her Majesty’s military forces" and "Her Majesty’s air forces " include forces raised under the law of a colony but do not include the forces of any Commonwealth country.

(7) In this Act " the marine forces " means the Royal Marines, the Royal Marine Forces Volunteer Reserve, the Royal Fleet Reserve so far as it consists of non-commissioned officers and marines, the Royal Marine Emergency Reserve, and the Royal Naval Special Reserve so far as it consists of persons entered for service in the Royal Marines.

(8) In this Act " naval reserve forces " means the Royal Naval Reserve (including officers of reserve to the Royal Navy and including the Royal Fleet Reserve except so far as it consists of non-commissioned officers and marines), the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve, the Royal Naval Volunteer (Supplementary)

Reserve, the Royal Naval Emergency Reserve and the Royal Naval Special Reserve except so far as it consists of persons entered for service in the Royal Marines.

133.—(1) In this Act " officer ", in relation to any of Her Definitions Majesty’s naval forces, means a person of or above the rank of of officer, cadet, and in relation to any other forces means an officer of ratin8 and rank corresponding to the said rank or any superior rank. officer?

2 A * 2

748

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—cont

Definition of active service.

General

interpretation.

(2) In this Act " rating " means a member of Her Majesty’s naval forces of or below the rate of chief petty officer; and any reference in this Act to a rating, or to a rating of any particular rate, shall include a reference to a warrant officer, noncommissioned officer, marine, soldier or airman who is subject to this Act, or to any such warrant officer or non-commissioned officer of rank corresponding with that rate, as the case may be.

(3) In this Act " superior officer ", in relation to any person means an officer or a rating not below the rate of petty officer, who is of rank or rate higher than that person, or senior to that person in the same rank or rate.

(4) Any reference in this Act to a specific rank or rate in Her Majesty’s naval forces includes a reference to any other rank or rate in those forces which is equivalent to that rank or rate.

(5) In this Act " corresponding rank " in relation to any rank or rate in any of Her Majesty’s naval, military or air forces, means such rank or rate in any other of those forces as may be declared by Queen's Regulations and Admiralty Instructions for the time being in force to correspond therewith.

134. For the purposes of this Act a force shall be deemed to be on active service when engaged in operations against an enemy, when situated in an area in which such operations are taking place, or when landed in any foreign country for the protection of life or property, and a person shall be deemed to be on active service when serving in or with a force which is on active service.

135. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" aircraft " means any machine for flying, whether propelled by mechanical means or not, and includes any description of balloon;

" aircraft material " includes—

(a) parts of, and components of or accessories for, aircraft, whether for the time being in aircraft or not;

(b) engines, armaments, ammunition and bombs' and other missiles of any description in, or for use in, aircraft;

(c) any other gear, apparatus or instruments in, or for use in, aircraft;

1957

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

Ch. 53

749

() any apparatus used in connection with the taking-off or landing of aircraft or for detecting the movement of aircraft; and

(e) any fuel used for the propulsion of aircraft and any material used as a lubricant for aircraft or aircraft material;

"aircraft papers" has the meaning assigned to it by the Naval Prize Act, 1864;

" civil court " means a court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction but does not, except where otherwise expressly provided, include any such court outside Her Majesty’s dominions;

" civil prison " means a prison in which a person sentenced by a civil court to imprisonment can be confined;

"committal order" means an order committing a person sentenced under this Act to imprisonment or detention to any establishment in which, by virtue of subsection (1) or (2) of section eighty-one of this Act, he may be confined during the term of the sentence:

"Commonwealth country" means Canada, the Commonwealth of Australia, New Zealand, the Union of South Africa, India, Pakistan, Ceylon or Ghana;

"constable" includes any person having powers corresponding with those of a constable;

" court-martial " means a court-martial under this Act;

" decoration " includes medal, medal ribbon, clasp and good conduct badge;

" desertion " has the meaning assigned to it by section fifteen of this Act, and " desert " shall be construed accordingly;

" enemy " includes all persons engaged in armed operations against Her Majesty’s forces, and also includes all armed mutineers, armed rebels, armed rioters and pirates;

" Governor", in relation to any colony, means the Governor-General, Governor or other officer, however styled, who is for the time being administering the government of the colony and includes the British Resident, Zanzibar, but where two or more colonies or the parts of any colony are under local governments and also under a central government, references to the Governor shall be construed as references to the Governor-General,

Part IV

—com.

750

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—cont.

Governor or other officer, however styled, who is for the time being administering the central government;

" mutiny " has the meaning assigned to it by section eight of this Act;

"naval detention quarters" means premises or vessels, or parts of premises or vessels, set apart by the Admiralty under subsection (1) of section eighty-two of this Act;

" prize court " means a prize court within the meaning of the Naval Prize Act, 1864;

" property " includes real property in England and Wales or Northern Ireland, heritable property in Scotland and property outside the United Kingdom of the nature of real property;

" provost officer " means a naval provost marshal, an assistant to a naval provost marshal and any other officer being a provost officer within the meaning of the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955;

" public or service property " means property belonging to any department of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom or of the Government of Northern Ireland, or held for the purposes of any such department, and property belonging to or connected with Her Majesty’s naval forces, the naval forces of any Commonwealth country or naval forces raised under the law of any colony, or any part of any of those forces;

" service law " has the meaning assigned by section eight of this Act;

" ship papers " has the meaning assigned to it by the Naval Prize Act, 1864;

" steals " has the same meaning as in the Larceny Act, 1916;

(2) Any reference in this Act to an offence under Part I thereof includes a reference to a civil offence punishable on conviction thereunder by virtue of section forty-two of this Act.

(3) Any reference in this Act to an enactment is a reference thereto as amended by or under any subsequent enactment

(4) Any power conferred by this Act to make an Order in Council or order shall include power to vary or revoke the Order in Council or order by a subsequent Order in Council or order.

(5) Any Order in Council, order or regulations made under this Act may make different provision for different circumstances or cases, or may make provision for particular circumstances or cases only.

1957

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

Ch. 53

751

Supplemental

Part IV

136. The enactments specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in the second column of that Schedule.

—corn. Minor

amendments.

137.—(1) The enactments described in the Sixth Schedule to Repeals and this Act (being enactments superseded by this Act and other transitional obsolete enactments relating to the navy) are hereby repealed provisions, to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals) any reference in any enactment to the Naval Discipline Act or to any provision of that Act shall be construed as, or as Including, a reference to this Act or the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) The transitional provisions contained in the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall have effect in connection with the repeal of the Naval Discipline Act.

138. —(1) Nothing in this Act shall take away, abridge or Saving* prejudicially affect any right, power or prerogative of Her Majesty in right of Her Crown or in right of Her Office of Admiralty.

(2) The provisions of this Act specifying the classes of persons who are subject thereto shall not affect the application of this Act to any person to whom it applies by virtue of the Coastguard Act. 1925.

139. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Naval Discipline Short title and

Act, 1957. SSt*106"

(2) This Act shall come into force on such date as Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint.

752

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 112.

Section 113.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Application of Act to Marine Forces

1. For paragraph (k) of subsection (1) of section forty-three of this Act mere shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

"(fc) reduction to the ranks or any less reduction in rank*.

2. Subsection (7) of section forty-four of this Act shall not apply and for any other reference in that section to disrating there shall be substituted a reference to reduction to the ranks.

3. Notwithstanding anything in section two hundred and one of the Army Act, 1955, a sentence of reduction to the ranks or any less reduction in rank may be awarded in the case of an offender tried under section forty-nine of this Act.

4. In subsection (2) of section fifty-two of this Act, for the words 44after he ceased to be subject thereto* there shall be substituted the words " next after the earliest date on which he is no longer subject to service law *’.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Application of Act to attached Military and Air Forces

1. Throughout Part I of this Act, for any reference to dismissal with disgrace from Her Majesty’s service there shall be substituted a reference—

(a) in the case of an officer, to cashiering;

(b) in any other case, to discharge with ignominy from Her

Majesty’s service.

2. For paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of section forty-three of this Act, there shall be substituted the following paragraph :—

"(g) forfeiture, in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Admiralty, of seniority of rank; * and for the purpose of this paragraph "seniority of rank*, in relation to an officer of the regular forces, means seniority of rank either in the army or in the corps to which the offender belongs, or in both.

3. For paragraph (k) of the said subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following paragraph :—

" (k) reduction to the ranks or any less reduction in rank; *.

4. Paragraph (0 of the said subsection (1) and subsection (6) of section forty-four of this Act shall not apply.

5. Subsection (7) of section forty-four of this Act shall not apply, and for any other reference in that section to disrating there shall be substituted a reference to reduction to the ranks.

6. Notwithstanding anything in section two hundred and one of the Army Act, 1955, or the Air Force Act, 1955, a sentence of reduction to the ranks or any less reduction in rank may be awarded in the case of an offender tried under section forty-nine of this Act

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

753

7. In subsection (1) of section fifty, the reference to an officer of Her Majesty's naval forces below the rank of commander shall be construed as a reference to an officer of the regular forces or the regular air force of corresponding rank; and in relation to the trial of such an officer subsection (3) of that section shall have effect as if the reference to officers of Her Majesty's naval forces included a reference to officers of the regular forces or of the regular air force, as the case may be.

8. In relation to the trial of a member of the regular forces or of the regular air force, section fifty-four shall have effect: —

(a) as if the officers described in subsection (1) included officers of those forces or of that force, as the case may be;

(b) as if any other reference in that section to a specified naval rank included a reference to the corresponding military or air-force rank.

9. In subsection (2) of section fifty-two of this Act, for the words Mafter he ceased to be subject thereto" there shall be substituted the words Mnext after the earliest date on which he is no longer subject to service law".

10. Any reference in this Act to the uniform of any of Her Majesty's naval forces, or to illegal absence from any of those forces, shall be construed as a reference to the uniform of, or to illegal absence from, any of the regular forces, or the regular air force, as the case may be.

11. In sections seventy to seventy-two of this Act, in their application to any finding or sentence made or awarded on summary trial under section forty-nine of this Act, and in section ninety-two of this Act, any reference to the Admiralty shall be construed—

(a) in relation to a member of the regular forces, as a reference to the Admiralty or the Army Council;

(h) in relation to a member of the regular air force, as a reference to the Admiralty or the Air Council.

THIRD SCHEDULE Civilians subject to this Act outside Her Majesty's dominions

1. Persons serving Her Majesty, or otherwise employed, in such capacities connected with Her Majesty’s naval, military or air forces as may be specified for the purposes of this Schedule by regulations made by the Admiralty, being persons serving or employed under Her Majesty's government in the United Kingdom.

2. Persons who are employed by, or in the service of, any naval, military or air force organisation so specified to which Her Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom is a party and are employed by or in the service of that organisation by reason of that government being a party thereto.

3. Persons belonging to or employed by any other organisation so specified which operates in connection with Her Majesty's naval, military or air forces

2nd Sea. —cant.

Section 118.

754

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd£Sch. —cant.

Section 118.

4. Persons who, for the purposes of their profession or employment, are attached to or accompany any of Her Majesty’s naval, military or air forces in pursuance of an authorisation granted by or on behalf of the Admiralty, the Army Council or the Air Council.

5. Persons forming part of the family of members of any of Her Majesty’s naval, military or air forces and residing with them or about to reside or departing after residing with them.

6. Persons forming part of the family of persons falling within paragraphs 1 to 4 of this Schedule and residing with them or about to reside or departing after residing with them.

7. Persons employed by members of any of Her Majesty’s naval, military or air forces.

8. Persons employed by persons falling within paragraphs 1 to 6 of this Schedule.

9. Persons forming part of the family of persons falling within paragraph 7 or paragraph 8 of this Schedule and residing with them or about to reside or departing after residing with them.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Application of Act to Certain Civilians

1. In the application of any enactment contained in Part I of this Act to a person to whom it applies by virtue of section one hundred and eighteen of this Act—

(a) for any reference to dismissal with disgrace from Her

Majesty’s service there shall be substituted a reference to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years; and

(b) for any reference to dismissal from Her Majesty’s service (not being dismissal with disgrace) there shall be substituted a reference to a fine,

and paragraphs (/) to (m) of subsection (1) of section forty-three shall not apply.

2. In section thirty-nine of this Act, in its application to any such person, after the words "naval discipline" there shall be inserted the words " or contravenes or fails to comply with any provision of standing orders or of other routine orders of a continuing nature made for any ship or naval establishment, being a provision known to him or which he might reasonably be expected to know

3. Any person found committing an offence for which he is liable to be tried by virtue of the said section one hundred and eighteen, or alleged to have committed or reasonably suspected of having committed such an offence, may be arrested by a provost officer, by any

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

755

officer or person legally exercising authority under a provost officer or on his behalf, or by or on the orders of any officer subject to this Act; and subsection (3) of section forty-five of this Act shall apply to the powers of arrest conferred by this paragraph as it applies to the powers conferred by that section.

4. In relation to a person liable to be tried as aforesaid, section forty-nine of this Act shall apply as it applies in relation to a rating, but subject to the following modifications: —

(a) the officer empowered to try and punish an offence in accordance with the said section forty-nine shall be such officer as may be determined by or under regulations made by the Admiralty for the purposes of this paragraph, and subsections (4) and (5) of that section shall not apply;

(b) the punishment which may be awarded under that section

shall in the case of any offence be a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and no other punishment shall be so awarded.

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Minor Amendments

Enactment Amendment

The Naval Enlistment In section sixteen for the words " deemed Act, 1853, 16 & 17 to be a rogue and vagabond " to the end Vict. c. 69. of the section there shall be substituted the

words "liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds ".

The Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951, 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 46.

In section six, in subsection (4) for the words " section sixty-eight of the Naval Discipline Act ’’ there shall be substituted the words " section sixty-three of the Naval Discipline Act, 1957 ".

In section seventeen, after the word "Rules " there shall be inserted the words "or regulations made and for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (a) section seventy-nine or section eighty-two of the Naval Discipline Act, 1957; ".

4th Sea.

—com.

Section 136.

756

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3th Sch.

—com.

Enactment Amendment

The Army Act, 1955, In section fifty-seven, in subsection (3), after 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 18. the word "court-martial " in the second place where it occurs there shall be inserted the words " or disciplinary court ", and after the words " the Naval Discipline Act" there shall be inserted the words " and to a court-martial held in pursuance of".

In section seventy-four, in subsection (4), the words " petty officer or " shall be omitted and, after the words " non-commissioned officer ", in the first place where those words occur, there shall be inserted the words " or rating".

in the Seventh Schedule, in paragraph 12 for the words " good conduct badges " there shall be substituted the words "good conduct medal or good conduct badges or both"; and after paragraph 12 there shall be inserted the following paragraph:—

" 12A. Section seventy-eight shall have effect as if in subsection (3) the following paragraph were inserted after paragraph

(<?):-

‘(dd) forfeiture of good conduct medal or good conduct badges or both \ "

The Air Force Act, In section fifty-seven, in subsection (3), after 1955, 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. the word "court-martial " in the second c. 19. place where it occurs there shall be inserted

the words " or disciplinary court " and after the words "the Naval Discipline Act" there shall be inserted the words " and to a court-martial held in pursuance of".

In section seventy-four, in subsection (4), the words " petty officer or " shall be omitted and, after the words " non-commissioned officer ", in the first place where those words occur, there shall be inserted the words " or rating ".

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

757

SIXTH SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

59 Geo. 3. c. 25 The Freight for Treasure Act, 1819. The whole Act.

5 & 6 Will. 4. The Naval Enlistment In section one, the words from

c. 24. Act, 1835. " Provided also ", in the first place where those words occur, to " forces by sea ". Sections two and three.

10 & 11 Vict c. 62. The Naval Deserters Act, 1847. The whole Act.

16 & 17 Vict. The Naval Enlistment In section twelve, the words

c. 69. Act, 1853. from " or of aiding " to "vessel".

16 & 17 Vict. The Naval Volunteers Sections twenty-one to twenty-

c. 73. Act, 1853. four.

22 & 23 Vict. The Royal Naval Reserve Sections eleven and twelve.

c. 40. (Volunteer) Act, 1859. In section fifteen the words from the beginning to " while in actual service; and ", and the words from "Provided that" to the end of the section. Sections nineteen to twenty- two.

26 & 27 Vict The Officers of Royal In section two the words from

c. 69. Naval Reserve Act, 1863. "and shall" to the end of the section.

29 & 30 Vict c. 109. The Naval Discipline Act. The whole Act

47 & 48 Vict, c. 39. The Naval Discipline Act, 1884. The whole Act.

59 & 60 Vict c. 33. The Royal Naval Reserve Volunteer Act, 1896. Section two.

9 Edw. 7. c. 41. The Naval Discipline Act, 1909. The whole Act.

1 A 2 Geo. 5. c. 47. The Naval Discipline (Dominion Naval Forces) Act, 1911. The whole Act.

4 A 5 Geo. 5. c. 89. The Navy (Pledging of Certificates, etc.) Act, 1914. The whole Act

5 A 6 Geo. 5. c. 30. The Naval Discipline Act, 1915. The whole Act.

5 A 6 Geo. 5. c. 73. The Naval Discipline (No. 2) Act, 1915. The whole Act

7 A 8 Geo. 5. c. 34. The Naval Discipline Act, 1917. The whole Act.

7 A 8 Geo. 5. The Air Force (Constitu- Section seven and the First

c. 51. tion) Act, 1917. Schedule.

12 A13 Geo. 5. c. 37. The Naval Discipline Act, 1922. The whole Act.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. The Coastguard Act, In section two the words from

c. 88. 1925. " and be " to " commission ",

Section 137.

758

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

6th Sch.

—cont.

Section 137.

Session and Chapter

Short Title

21 & 22 Geo. 5. The Colonial Naval c. 9. Defence Act, 1931.

Extent of Repeal

In section two, in subsection (2) the words from " and while*

1 A 2 Geo. 6.

c. 64.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

c. 29.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 24.

The Naval Discipline (Amendment) Act, 1938.

The Naval Discipline (Amendment) Act, 1941.

The Naval Forces (Enforcement of Maintenance Liabilities)

to the end of paragraph (c). In section four, subsection (4). The whole Act.

The whole Act.

In section one, subsection (4).

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 30.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 10.

Act, 1947.

The Indian Independence Act, 1947.

The Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1947.

Section thirteen.

In the Second Schedule, paragraph 3.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The National Service Act, c. 64. 1948.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. The Courts-Martial (Ap-c. 46. peals) Act, 1951.

In section twenty-six, paragraph (6) of subsection (2), and subsection (3).

In section twenty-four, in subsection (1), in the definition of "naval court-martial ", the words " constituted under section fifty-seven A of that

Act *.

3 A 4 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 6.

The Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1955.

The Ghana Independence Act, 1957.

5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 11.

The Homicide Act, 1957

In the Second Schedule, paragraph 1, sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 6, and paragraph 7.

In section four, in subsection (2), the words " and in section eighty-six of the Naval Discipline Act as amended by the Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1955 *.

In section eight, subsection (2).

In section nine, in subsection (2), the words " and the first paragraph of section forty-five of the Naval Discipline Act ".

SEVENTH SCHEDULE

Transitional Provisions

1. In relation to an offence against any section in Part I or Part II of the Naval Discipline Act, the provisions of sections forty-three and forty-four of this Act and of Part II of this Act and any orders and regulations made under those provisions shall, so far as applicable, apply as if the said section had been contained in Part I of this Act and this Act had been in force when the offence was committed, and as if any finding or punishment having effect before the

1957

Naval Discipline , 1957

Ch. 53

759

date of the commencement of this Act, and anything done before that 7th Sea. date by virtue of or in relation to such a finding or sentence, had .

been come to, awarded or done under this Act:

Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall render an offence capable of being tried under this Act, if by reason of the time or place of the commission of the offence it could not have been so tried or dealt with under the Naval Discipline Act; and no greater punishment shall be imposed in respect of an offence committed before the said date than could have been imposed under the law in force when it was committed.

2. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, where any proceedings for such an offence as aforesaid have been begun before the date of the commencement of this Act, any step in the proceedings taken after that date shall be deemed to be validly taken if taken in accordance with the Naval Discipline Act and the orders and regulations made thereunder.

3. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 1 of this schedule, the provisions of the Naval Discipline Act with respect to the constitution of a court-martial and the summoning of witnesses thereto shall apply in relation to a court-martial ordered before the commencement of this Act as if this Act had not been enacted.

4. Where after the date of the commencement of this Act a person is alleged—

(a) to have committed an offence continuing over a period beginning before that date and ending thereon or thereafter; or

(b) to have committed an offence between two dates falling within such a period,

and the offence would be an offence against this Act if this Act had been in force at all material times, he may be proceeded against as if this Act had so been in force.

5. Any commission issued before the date of commencement of this Act which authorises the ordering of courts-martial shall, if in force immediately before that date, continue in force thereafter as if issued under this Act, and may be varied or revoked accordingly.

6. Any Order in Council, general orders or regulations made under any enactment of the Naval Discipline Act specified in the first column of the following Table which is in force at the commencement of this Act shall continue in force and have effect as if made under and for the purposes of the enactment of this Act specified in relation thereto in the second column of the said Table and may be varied or revoked accordingly.

Table

Naval Discipline Act Sections 22 and 23

Section 56 (2)

Section 57A (4)

Section 65

Section 74A

Section 81 (2)

Section 89

This Act Section 17 (1).

Section 49.

Section 50.

Section 58.

The corresponding provision of section 90, 91 or 92. Section 82.

Section 117.

760

Ch. 53

Naval Discipline , 1957

5 & 6 ELiz. 2

7th Sch. 7. In so far as general orders under subsection (4) of section 57A —cont. of the Naval Discipline Act apply to disciplinary courts any provisions of that Act, those orders shall continue in force and have effect as aforesaid as if they applied the corresponding provisions of this Act.

GOO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short title

Session and chapter

Naval Enlistment Act, 1853

Naval Volunteers Act, 1853

Naval Prize Act, 1864

Naval Discipline Act

Capital Punishment Amendment Act, 1868

Bankers' Books Evidence Act, 1879

Interpretation Act, 1889

Affiliation Orders Act, 1914

Naval Billeting &c. Act, 1914

Larceny Act, 1916

Maintenance Orders (Facilities for Enforcement)

Act, 1920

Coastguard Act, 1925

Colonial Naval Defence Act, 1931

Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933 Ireland Act, 1949

16 & 17 Vict. c. 69.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 73.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 25.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 109.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 24.

42 & 43 Vict c. 11.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 6.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 70.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 50.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 33. 15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 88. 21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 9.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 6.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6.

c. 41.

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949 ...

Courts Martial (Appeals) Act, 1951 Prison Act, 1952

Magistrates' Courts Act, 1952

... 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6.

c. 101.

... 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 46.

... 15 A 16 Geo. 6 A

1 Eliz. 2. c. 52.

... 15 & 16 Geo. 6

1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952

Army Act, 1955

Air Force Act, 1955 Homicide Act, 1957

... 15 A 16 Geo. 6 A

1 Eliz. 2. c. 61.

... 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

... 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

... 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 11.

1957

Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation , 1957

Ch. 54

761

CHAPTER 54

Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation , 1957

An Act to provide for the making of grants to the Governor of Tanganyika for the purpose of providing funds for the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation; and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[31st July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purpose of enabling the Governor of Grants to Tanganyika to provide funds required by the Tanganyika provide Agricultural Corporation for carrying on the undertaking transferred to that Corporation by section one of the Overseas Resources Development Act, 1954, the Secretary of State may Corporation, make grants to that Governor out of moneys provided by 2 & 3 Eli*. 2. Parliament: c. 71.

Provided that—

(a) the aggregate amount of the grants made under this section shall not exceed five hundred thousand pounds; and

(b) no grant shall be made under this section before the second day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, or after the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and sixty-two.

(2) After the first day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, no payment shall be made by the Secretary of State in pursuance of any scheme made under section one of the Colonial Development and Welfare Act, 1940, for the purpose 3 A 4 Geo. 6. of providing funds required by the Tanganyika Agricultural c. 40. Corporation for carrying on the undertaking referred to in the preceding subsection.

(3) In this Act " the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation " means the Corporation constituted under that name by an Ordinance of the Legislature of Tanganyika dated the first day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and known as the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation Ordinance, 1954.

2. This Act may be cited as the Tanganyika Agricultural Short title. Corporation Act, 1957.

762

Ch. 55

Affiliation Proceedings

Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Commencement of affiliation proceedings.

Time for application for summons.

CHAPTER 55

Affiliation Proceedings , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Commencement of affiliation proceedings.

2. Time for application for summons.

3. Venue and procedure.

4. Powers of court on hearing of complaint.

5. Persons entitled to payments under affiliation order.

6. Duration of orders.

7. Continuance of payments in certain cases.

8. Appeal.

9. Duty of putative father to notify change of address.

10. Attachment of pension or income to satisfy affiliation order.

11. Misconduct by guardian of illegitimate child.

12. Repeals and savings.

13. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to bastardy, with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949.

[31st July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. A single woman who is with child, or who has been delivered of an illegitimate child, may apply by complaint to a justice of the peace for a summons to be served on the man alleged by her to be the father of the child.

2.—(1) A complaint under section one of this Act, where the complainant has been delivered of an illegitimate child, may be made—

(a) at any time within twelve months from the child’s birth, or

(b) at any subsequent time, upon proof that the man alleged to be the father of the child has within the twelve months next after the birth paid money for its maintenance, or

(c) at any time within the twelve months next after the man’s return to England, upon proof that he ceased to reside in England within the twelve months next after the birth.

1957 Affiliation Proceedings Ch. 55 763

Act, 1957

(2) A single woman who has been delivered of a child may, upon proof that—

(a) before the birth she was a party to a marriage which

would have been valid but for provisions of an Act of Parliament making it void on account of her, or the other party to the marriage, being under the age of sixteen, and

(b) the said other party had access to her within twelve

months before the birth,

make at any time a complaint under section one of this Act against that party, notwithstanding that he may not within the twelve montns next after the birth have paid money for the child’s maintenance.

3,—(1) A complaint under section one of this Act— Venue and

procedure.

(a) shall not be made except to a justice of the peace acting for the petty sessions area (within the meaning of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952) in which the mother of the child resides,

(b) if made before the birth of the child, shall be substantiated on oath,

and the magistrates’ court which, under the summons, is to hear the complaint shall be a magistrates* court for the said petty sessions area.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall have effect subject to subsection (2) of section three of the Maintenance Orders Act, 1950 (which relates to a complaint by a person residing in Scotland or Northern Ireland).

(3) If the justice to whom a complaint under section one of this Act has been made dies, or ceases to be a justice, or is unable to act, the summons may be issued by any other justice acting for the same petty sessions area.

4.—(1) On the hearing of a complaint under section one of this Powers of Act the court shall hear the evidence of the mother (not- court on withstanding any consent or admission on the part of the defendant) and such other evidence as she may produce, and shall also 00 p hear any evidence tendered by or on behalf of the defendant.

(2) If the evidence of the mother is corroborated in some material particular by other evidence to the court's satisfaction, the court may adjudge the defendant to be the putative father

764

Ch. 55

Affiliation Proceedings

Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

of the child and may also, if it thinks fit in all the circumstances of the case, proceed to make against him an order (referred to in this Act as " an afliliation order ") for the payment by him of—

(a) a sum of money weekly, not exceeding thirty shillings

a week, for the maintenance and education of the child,

(b) the expenses incidental to the birth of the child, and

(c) if the child has died before the making of the order,

the child's funeral expenses.

(3) Where a complaint under section one of this Act is made before or within two months after the birth of the child, any weekly sum ordered to be paid under paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection may, if the court thinks fit. be calculated from the date of the birth.

Persons

entitled to

payments

under

affiliation

order.

5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section and of the enactments mentioned in the following subsection, the person entitled to any payments to be made under an affiliation order shall be the child’s mother, and the order shall make provision accordingly.

(2) The enactments referred to above are—

(a) section eighty-eight of the Children and Young Persons Act. 1933 (which provides that, where an illegitimate child is committed to the care of a fit person or is ordered to be sent to an approved school, the person entitled to receive contributions in respect of the child under section eighty-six of that Act may be given the benefit of payments under an affiliation order in respect of the child);

(b) the said section eighty-eight as extended by section twenty-three of the Children Act, 1948 (which applies the former section to children received into the care of a local authority under section one of the Act of 1948);

(c) section forty-four of the National Assistance Act, 1948

(under which the National Assistance Board or a local authority giving assistance in respect of an illegitimate child may obtain an affiliation order providing for payments thereunder being made to the Board or authority, or may apply for an existing order to be varied so as to provide as aforesaid); and

() section twenty-six of the Children Act, 1948 (which

makes provision corresponding to the said section forty-four for the benefit of a local authority having an illegitimate child in their care or maintaining an illegitimate child in an approved school).

1957

Affiliation Proceedings

Act, 1957

Ch. 55

765

(3) An affiliation order may, on the application of a person other than the child's mother who for the time being has the custody of the child, either legally or by any arrangement approved by the court, be made or varied by a magistrates' court so as to entitle that person to any payments to be made under the order.

14) Where an affiliation order for the time being provides for the child’s mother to be entitled to any payments to be made under the order the payments shall be due under the order in respect of such time and so long as she is living and of sound mind and is not in prison, and if the mother has died, or is of unsound mind, or is in prison, any two justices of the peace may by order from time to time appoint some person (with his consent) to have the custody of the child; and a person appointed as guardian under this subsection shall be entitled to any payments to be made under the affiliation order and may make application for the recovery of any payments due thereunder in the same manner as the mother might have done.

Any two justices of the peace may revoke an appointment made under this subsection and appoint another person thereunder in place of the person formerly appointed.

(5) An affiliation order shall, in any case where payments to be made thereunder are not ordered to be made to the clerk of a magistrates’ court under section fifty-two of the Magistrates'

Courts Act, 1952, provide for the payments to be made to the person for the time being entitled thereto in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

6. Subject to the provisions of this Act, an affiliation order Duration of shall not, except for the purpose of recovering money previously orders, due under the order, be of any force or validity after the child

has attained the age of sixteen years or has died; and payments under the order shall not be required to be made in respect of any period after the child has attained the age of thirteen years unless the order contains a direction that payments to be made under it are to continue until the child attains the age of sixteen years.

7. —(1) The power under section fifty-three of the Magistrates’ Continuance of Courts Act, 1952, to vary or revive an affiliation order shall, payments in notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing section, include power to vary or revive it in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) If, on the application of the child's mother, it appears to the court that the child is or will be engaged in a course of education or training after attaining the age of sixteen years,

766

Ch. 55

Affiliation Proceedings

Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Appeal.

and that it is expedient for that purpose for payments to be made under the order after the child attains that age, then subject to the two next following subsections the court may by order direct that payments shall be so made for such period, not exceeding two years from the date of the order, as may be specified in the order.

(3) Subject to the next following subsection, the period specified in an order made by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section may from time to time be extended by a subsequent order so made, but shall not in any case extend beyond the date when the child attains the age of twenty-one.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section or in any order made by virtue of this section, an affiliation order shall not operate, afjer the child has attained the age of sixteen,—

(a) so as to require payments thereunder to be made either—

(i) in respect of any period during which the child is detained in an approved school, or

(ii) subject to the next following subsection, in respect of any period during which the child is in the care of a local authority under section one of the Children Act, 1948, or there is in force an order under the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933, committing the child to the care of a fit person;

(i b)so as to entitle any person other than the child’s mother to the payments.

(5) Sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection shall not apply to any part of such a period as is there mentioned during which the child is permitted to reside with his mother.

(6) Any reference in this section to a child's mother shall be taken as including a reference to any person for the time being having the custody of the child either legally or by any arrangement approved by the court, except that it shall not be taken as referring to a local authority in whose care the child is under section one of the Children Act, 1948, or a person to whose care the child is committed by an order under the Children and Young Persons Act, 1933.

8.—(1) An appeal shall lie to a court of quarter sessions from the making of an order under this Act, or from any refusal by a magistrates' court to make such an order, or from the revocation, revival or variation by a magistrates’ court of such an order.

1957

Affiliation Proceedings

Act, 1957

Ch. 55

767

(2) On an appeal against an order under section four of this Act by the person adjudged to be the putative father (as well as on an appeal against a refusal to make an order under that section) the court shall hear the evidence of the mother and such other evidence as she may produce, and shall also hear any evidence tendered by or on behalf of the other party, but the court shall not confirm the order appealed against (or reverse the refusal to make an order) unless the evidence of the mother is corroborated in some material particular by other evidence to the court’s satisfaction.

9. —(1) A person against whom an affiliation order has been Duty of

made— putative

father to

(a) shall, if he changes his address and he is required to notify change

make any payment under the order to the clerk of a of address, magistrates’ court, give notice of the change to the clerk of that court;

(b) shall, in a case where the foregoing paragraph does not

apply and he is required under the order to make any payments (including payments of costs) to any person, give notice of any change of address to such person (if any) as may be specified in the order.

(2) Any person failing without reasonable excuse to give a notice which he is required by this section to give shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two pounds.

10. —(1) Where an affiliation order has been made against Attachment

a person and there is payable to him any pension or income of pension or which is capable of being attached, the justices who made the to order or a magistrates* court may— affiliation

(a) after giving the person an opportunity of being heard. order*

and

(b) on being satisfied that the person has without reason-

able cause failed to make any payments which he is required by the order to make,

order the pension or income to be attached as to the weekly amount payable under the affiliation order, or as to any lesser amount, and the amount attached to be paid to the person named by the court.

(2) An order under this section shall be an authority to the person by whom the pension or income is payable to make the payment in accordance with the order, and the receipt of the person to whom the payment is ordered to be made shall be a good discharge to the payor.

768

Misconduct guardian of illegitimate child.

Repeals and savings.

Short title, extent and commence* ment

Ch. 55 Affiliation Proceedings 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

11. If any person appointed under subsection (4) of section five of this Act to have the custody of an illegitimate child—

(a) misapplies any money paid by the putative father for

the child’s support, or

(b) withholds proper nourishment from, or otherwise abuses

or maltreats, the child,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

12. —(1) The enactments specified in the second column of the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of the Schedule.

(2) Any application, order, appointment or other thing made or having effect under or for the purposes of an enactment repealed by this Act and pending or in force immediately before the commencement of this Act shall be deemed to have been made under or for the purposes of the corresponding enactment in this Act; and any proceeding or other thing begun under any enactment so repealed may be continued under this Act, as & begun thereunder.

(3) So much of any enactment or document as refers expressly or by implication to any enactment repealed by this Act shall, if and so far as the nature of the subject-matter of the enactment or document permits, be construed as referring to this Act or the corresponding enactment therein, as the case may require.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be taken as prejudicing the general application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with regard to the effect of repeals.

13. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Affiliation Proceedings Act, 1957.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into force on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight.

1957 Affiliation Proceedings Ch. 55

Act, 1957

SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

7 & 8 Vict. The Poor Law Amendment Sections five and eight

c. 101. Act, 1844.

8 & 9 Vict The Bastardy Act, 1845 ... The whole Act

c. 10.

35 & 36 Vict The Bastardy Laws Amend- The whole Act.

c. 65. ment Act, 1872.

4 A 5 Geo. 5. The Affiliation Orders Act, The whole Act

c. 6. 1914.

13 A14 Geo. 5. The Bastardy Act, 1923 ... The whole Act

c. 23.

19 A 20 Geo. 5. The Age of Marriage Act The whole Act.

c. 36. 1929.

15 A 16 Geo. 6 The Affiliation Orders Act The whole Act except section

A 1 Eliz. 2. 1952. four.

c. 41.

15 A 16 Geo. 6 The Magistrates* Courts Act Section fifty-one; subsection

A 1 Eliz. 2. 1952. (4) of section eighty-three.

c/55.

coo

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Children and Young Persons Act 1933 National Assistance Act 1948 Children Act 1948 Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act 1949 Maintenance Orders Act 1950 Income Tax Act 1952 Magistrates* Courts Act 1952 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 12. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 29. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 43. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 33. 14 Geo. 6. c. 37. 15 & 16 Geo. 6. dtlEliz.2. c. 10. 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

2 B

7»

Section 12.

770

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Euz.12

CHAPTER 56

Housing A, 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

General provisions as respects Local Authorities

Section

1. Local authorities for purposes of this Act.

2. Approval by Minister of proposals for exercise of local authorities'

functions under Parts II and III.

3. Duty of local authority to inspect district and keep records.

Part II

Provisions for securing the repair, maintenance

AND SANITARY CONDITION OF HOUSES

Definition of Standard of Fitness

4. Matters to be taken into account in determining whether a house^i*

unfit.

5. Prohibition of back-to-back houses.

Obligation of Lessors of Small Houses

6. Conditions to be implied on the letting of small houses.

7. Application of foregoing section to houses occupied by agricultural

workers otherwise than as tenants.

8. Information to be given to tenants of working-class houses.

Unfit premises capable of repair at reasonable cost

9. Power of local authority to require repair of unfit house.

10. Enforcement of notice requiring execution of works.

11. Right of appeal.

12. Power of local authority to buy house found on appeal not to be

capable of repair at reasonable cost.

13. Recovery by lessees of proportion of cost of execution of works.

14. Charging orders in favour of owner executing works.

15. Form, effect, etc. of charging orders.

Unfit premises beyond repair at reasonable cost

16. Power of local authority to accept undertaking as to reconstruction

or use of unfit house.

17. Duty of local authority to make demolition or closing order or to

purchase house where no undertaking is accepted.

18. Power to make a closing order as to part of a building.

19. Service of notice of demolition or closing order or intention to purchase

20. Right of appeal against demolition order, etc.

21. Content of demolition order.

22. Demolition orders: recovery of possession of building to be

demolished.

23. Demolition orders: enforcement.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

771

Section

24. Demolition orders: power to permit reconstruction of condemned

house.

25. Demolition orders: cleansing before demolition.

26. Demolition orders: substitution of closing order in case of house

included in building preservation order, etc.

27. Closing orders: general provisions.

28. Closing orders: substitution of demolition order.

29. Provisions as to purchase of condemned houses.

30. Payments in respect of condemned houses which have been well

maintained.

31. Temporary provisions for payments to owner-occupiers and others.

32. Payments to persons displaced.

Protection of owners

33. Provisions for protection of owners of houses.

Transitory provisions as respects existing demolition orders

34. Temporary occupation of houses subject to existing demolition orders.

35. Retention of houses subject to existing demolition orders and required

to support other buildings.

' Houses let in lodgings

36. Power to require execution of works or reduction of number of

occupants of house.

Supplemental

37. Date of operation of notices, demands and orders subject to appeal.

38. Provisions as to appeals under Part II.

39. Interpretation of Part II.

40. Saving for certain restrictions in Part III.

41. Local authority for Part II in London

Part III Clearance and re-development

Clearance areas

42. Power to declare an area to be a clearance area.

43. Method of dealing with clearance area.

44. Clearance orders: general provisions.

45. Clearance orders: recovery of possession of buildings to be demolished.

46. Clearance orders: temporary retention of houses let to local authori-

ties.

47. Treatment of land acquired by local authority.

48. Temporary retention of unfit houses acquired by local authority.

49. Provisions with respect to property originally belonging to a local

authority.

50. Arrangements where acquisition of land in a clearance area found to

be unnecessary.

51. Power of local authority to purchase cleared land which owners have

failed to re-develop.

52. Local authority for clearance areas in London.

2 B 2

In

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Transitory provisions as respects existing clearance areas

Section

53. Temporary occupation of houses subject to existing clearance orders.

54. Power to purchase buildings subject to existing clearance orders.

Re-development areas

55. Duty of local authority to secure re-development.

56. Re-development plan.

57. Purchase of land for purposes of re-development.

58. Local authority for re-development areas in London.

General provisions as to land affected by provisions of Part III

59. Compensation for land purchased compulsorily.

60. Payments in respect of well maintained houses.

61. Temporary provisions for payments to owner-occupiers and others.

62. Power of entry on land to be purchased by agreement under Part in

or appropriated for the purposes of clearance areas.

63. Power of local authority to make allowances to persons displaced.

64. Extinguishment of rights of way, easements, etc.

65. Provisions as to apparatus of statutory undertakers.

66. Power to construct streets in clearance areas in London.

Costs of opposing orders, .

67. Provisions as to costs of persons opposing orders and as to costs of

Minister.

Re-development and re-conditioning by owners

68. Re-development by owners.

69. Certificates as to condition of houses.

70. Re-development, &c., by owners: excepted cases.

71. Local authority for re-development, etc., by owners in London.

Demolition of obstructive buildings

72. Power of local authority to order demolition of obstructive building.

73. Recovery of possession of building subject to demolition order under

Part III.

74. Effect of order for demolition of obstructive building.

75. Local authority for demolition of obstructive buildings in London.

Part IV Abatement of overcrowding General Provisions

76. Duty of local authority to inspect and to make reports and proposals

as to overcrowding.

77. Definition of overcrowding.

78. Offences in relation to overcrowding.

79. Power of Minister to increase the permitted number temporarily to

meet exceptional conditions.

80. Power of local authority to authorise the temporary use of a house by

persons in excess of the permitted number.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

773

Section

81. Entries in rent books, information and certificates with respect to the

permitted number.

82. Information as to rights and duties as respects overcrowding.

83. Duty of landlord to inform local authority of overcrowding.

84. Right of landlord to obtain possession of overcrowded house.

85. Enforcement of Part IV.

86. Duty of medical officers to furnish particulars of overcrowding.

87. Definitions for purposes of Part IV.

88. Local authority for overcrowding in London.

89. Contributions by London County Council to expenses in relation to

overcrowding.

Overcrowding in houses let in lodgings

90. Overcrowding in houses let in lodgings.

Part V

Provision of housing accommodation

General powers and duties of local authorities

91. Periodical review of housing conditions by local authorities.

92. Mode of provision of accommodation.

93. Supplementary powers of providing buildings or land in connection

with provision of accommodation.

94. Power to provide furniture.

95. Power to provide board and laundry facilities.

96. Power of local authority to acquire land for provision of accom-

modation.

97. Procedure for acquiring land.

98. Continuance of tenancies of houses compulsorily acquired and to be

used for housing purposes.

99. Appropriation of land for provision of accommodation.

100. Power to make allowances to persons displaced by purchase under

Part V.

101. Power of entry on land to be purchased by agreement or appropriated

for the purposes of Part V.

102. Land in New Forest.

103. Power to acquire water rights for houses provided.

104. Power of disposing of houses provided under Part V.

105. Other powers of dealing with land acquired or appropriated for provi-

sion of accommodation.

106. Power of Minister to impose conditions on sale of houses and land.

107. Powers relating to development of land.

108. Execution of works in connection with housing operation by local

authority outside their own area.

109. Responsibility for roads constructed by local authority outside their

own area.

110. Adjustment of differences between local authorities as to carrying out

proposals.

Management, &c., of local authority's houses

111. General responsibility for local authority's houses.

112. Byelaws for regulation of local authority’s houses.

113. Conditions to be observed in management of local authority’s houses.

774

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section

114. Reservation of houses for agricultural population.

115. Power to establish Housing Management Commissions.

Special provisions for rural districts

116. Responsibility of county councils in respect of housing conditions in

rural districts.

117. Agreements by county council for assisting rural district councils in

provision of accommodation.

118. Minister's power to assist rural district councils by acquiring land and

erecting houses.

Housing associations

119. Power of local authorities and county councils to promote and assist

housing associations.

120. Arrangements with housing associations for provision of housing.

121. Arrangements with housing associations for improvement of housing.

122. Power of local authorities to sell furniture to persons housed by

housing associations.

123. Unification of conditions affecting housing associations' houses.

124. Power of Minister to recognise central housing association.

Development corporations

125. Provision of housing accommodation by development corporations.

Miscellaneous

126. Power of county councils to provide houses for their employees.

127. Power of companies, &c., to provide houses for working classes.

128. Trusts for provision of houses for working classes.

129. Power of corporate bodies to sell or let land for housing purposes.

130. Power of water and gas companies to supply on favourable toms.

131. Exercise of Public Health Act powers for purposes of Part V.

Provisions as to London

132. Local authority for Part V in London other than City.

133. Exercise by local authorities in London of certain powers for the

purposes of Part V.

Scilly Isles

134. Provision of housing accommodation in Isles of Scilly.

Part VI Financial provisions Expenses of local authorities

135. Expenses of rural district councils and county councils.

Borrowing

136. Power of local authorities to borrow for purposes of Act.

137. Borrowing in connection with operations carried out by local authority

outside its own area.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

775

Section

138. Power to issue local housing bonds.

139. Loans by Public Works Loan Commissioners to local authorities.

140. Power of local authorities to lend to other authorities.

Subscriptions to local savings committees

141. Subscriptions by local authorities to local savings committees.

Capital moneys

142. Application of purchase money, etc.

Part VII General

Central Housing Advisory Committee

143. Central Housing Advisory Committee.

Re-housing

144. Re-housing obligations of undertakers.

Provisions as to building Ac.

145. Building byelaws not to apply to certain buildings.

146. Relaxation of Building Acts or byelaws in London.

147. Power of Minister to prescribe a code of byelaws for new streets.

148. Power of Minister to revoke unreasonable byelaws.

Provisions as to acquisition, Ac., of land

149. Protection of amenities of locality.

150. Provisions as to commons and open spaces.

151. Power of local authorities to enforce covenants against owner for the

time being of land.

152. Compensation in certain cases of subsidence.

153. Donations for housing purposes.

Procedure of local authorities: Official representations

154. Joint action by local authorities.

155. Buildings situated in districts of more than one local authority.

156. References by local authority to Public Health and Housing Com-

mittee.

157. Official representations.

Recovery of possession, entry, &c.

158. Recovery of possession of controlled houses.

159. Power of entry for inspection, &c

160. Penalty for obstructing execution of Act.

161. Penalty for preventing execution of repairs, Sec.

Powers of the court for housing purposes

162. Power of court to determine lease where premises demolished.

163. Power of court to authorise owner to execute works on default of

another owner.

776

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section

164. Power of court to authorise examination of works on unfit premises

or for improvement.

165. Power of court to authorise conversion of houses into several tene-

ments.

Notices, ord, &c.

166. Authentication of orders, notices. See.

167. Authentication of certificates.

168. Service of notices. See., on local authorities.

169. Service of notices, See., on persons other than local authorities.

170. Power of local authority to require information as to ownership of

premises.

Default of local authorities

171. Powers of county council and Minister in the event of default of rural

district council.

172. Powers of Minister in event of default by county council in the

exercise of transferred powers.

173. Power of Minister in the event of default of local authority other than

rural district council.

174. Provisions as to orders directing county council to perform obligations

of urban district council.

175. Provisions as to exercise by Minister of powers of a local authority.

176. Power to vary and revoke certain orders relating to defaults.

177. Power of London County Council in the event of default of metro-

politan borough council.

General powers of Minister

178. Power of Minister to prescribe forms, etc.

179. Dispensation with advertisements and notices.

180. Provisions as to orders made by Minister.

181. Local inquiries and reports.

182. Arrangements between the Minister and other Departments.

Miscellaneous provisions as to London

183. Relations between local authorities in London.

184. Agreements between the London County Council and other authorities

in London.

185. Agreements between the London County Council and neighbouring

authorities as to provision of houses.

186. Provisions as to medical officers of health in London.

187. Provisions as to City of London.

Part VIII

Supplemental

188. Powers of Act to be cumulative.

189. Interpretation.

190. Consequential amendments.

191. Repeal and savings.

192. Construction of references to this Act and to enactments repealed.

193. Short title, commencement and extent.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

777

Schedules—

First Schedule—Compulsory purchase of land under Part 11. Second Schedule—Payments in respect of unfit houses.

Third Schedule—Compulsory purchase of land under Part HI. Fourth Schedule—Validity and date of operation of certain orders. Fifth Schedule—Clearance orders.

Sixth Schedule—Number of persons permitted to use a house for sleeping.

Seventh Schedule—Compulsory purchase of land under Part V. Eighth Schedule—Local housing bonds.

Ninth Schedule—Rehousing by undertakers.

Tenth Schedule—Adaptation of references to enactments in the Housing Acts.

Eleventh Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to housing with the exception of certain provisions relating to financial matters. J| [31st July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

General Provisions as respects Local Authorities

1. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the local Local authority for the purposes of this Act as respects England and authorities Wales other than the administrative county of London shall be

the council of the borough, urban district or rural district.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the local authority for the purposes of this Act as respects the administrative county of London shall be,—

(a) as respects the City of London, the Common Council.

(b) as respects the administrative county of London other

than the City of London, the metropolitan borough council or the London County Council as hereinafter provided.

2. —(1) It shall be the duty of a local authority in carrying Approval by out their functions under Parts II and III of this Act to have MilJ^risof regard to the proposals in that behalf submitted by them to theexerriscof°F Minister and approved by him before the commencement of this local

Act under the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, but subject authorities* to any modifications made by subsequent proposals approved by functions the Minister under this section. i^and IlT*

2B*

778

Part I —corn.

Duty of local authority to inspect district and keep records.

Matters to be taken into account in determining whether a house is unfit.

Ch. 56 Housing Act, 1957 5 & 6 Buz. 2

(2) A local authority may at any time, and if directed by the Minister shall within the period specified in the direction, submit further proposals for amplifying or modifying any proposals for dealing with unfit houses previously submitted by that authority and approved by the Minister; and the Minister may approve the further proposals with or without modifications.

(3) A copy of any proposals approved under this section shall be deposited at the offices of the local authority concerned, and shall be open to inspection without charge during ordinary office hours.

(4) The proposals submitted under this section in respect of any metropolitan borough shall be proposals submitted jointly by the London County Council and the council of the borough.

3. —(1) It shall be the duty of every local authority to cause an inspection of their district to be made from time to time with a view to ascertaining whether any house therein is unfit for human habitation, and for that purpose it shall be the duty of the local authority, and of every officer of the local authority, to comply with such regulations and to keep such records as the Minister may prescribe.

(2) As respects the administrative county of London other than the City of London the local authority for the purposes of this section shall be the council of the metropolitan borough.

Part II

Provisions for securing the repair, maintenance and

SANITARY CONDITION OF HOUSES

Definition of Standard of Fitness

4. —(1) In determining for any of the purposes of this Act whether a house is unfit for human habitation, regard shall be had to its condition in respect of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) repair;

(b) stability;

(c) freedom from damp;

() natural lighting;

ie) ventilation;

(/) water supply;

(g) drainage and sanitary conveniences;

(h) facilities for storage, preparation and cooking of food

and for the disposal of waste water; and the house shall be deemed to be unfit for human habitation if and only if it is so far defective in one or more of the said matters that it is not reasonably suitable for occupation in that condition.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

779

(2) So much of any local enactment— Part&ii

(a) as specifies defects by reason of which a house is to be

deemed for the purposes of section nine of this Act not to be in all respects fit for human habitation, or

(b) as regulates the matters to be taken into consideration

on an appeal under this Part of this Act in respect of a notice requiring the execution of works to remedy any defects so specified,

shall cease to have effect

5.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in any local Act or byelaw Prohibition of in force in any borough or district, it shall not be lawful to erect back-to-back any back-to-back houses intended to be used as dwellings for h the working classes, and any such house shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be unfit for human habitation:

Provided that nothing in this section shall prevent the erection or use of a house containing several tenements in which the tenements are placed back to back, if the medical officer of health for the borough or district certifies that the several tenements are so constructed and arranged as to secure effective ventilation of all habitable rooms in every tenement.

(2) This section shall apply to any house commenced to be erected after the third day of December, nineteen hundred and nine, except that it shall not apply to houses abutting on any streets, the plans whereof were approved by the local authority before the first day of May, nineteen hundred and nine, in any borough or district in winch, on the third day of December, nineteen hundred and nine, any local Act or byelaws were in force permitting the erection of back-to-back houses.

Obligation of Lessors of Small Houses

6.—(1) This section applies— Conditions to

(a) to a contract made before the thirty-first day of July, Jjf ,|r,P1,ed °fn nineteen hundred and twenty-three, for letting for houses, human habitation a house at a rent not exceeding—

(i) in the case of a house situate in the administrative county of London, forty pounds;

(ii) in the case of a house situate in a borough or urban district outside the administrative county of London, being a borough or district which at the date of the contract had according to the last published census a population of fifty thousand or upwards, twenty-six pounds;

(iii) in the case of a house situate elsewhere, sixteen pounds, and

(b) to a contract made on or after the said thirty-first day

2 B * 2

780

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II —cont.

Application of foregoing section to houses occupied by agricultural workers otherwise than as tenants.

of July and before the sixth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, for letting for human habitation a house at a rent not exceeding—

(i) in the case of a house situate in the administrative county of London, forty pounds;

(ii) in the case of a house situate elsewhere, twenty-six pounds, and

(c) to a contract made on or after the said sixth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, for letting for human habitation a house at a rent not exceeding—

(i) in the case of a house situate in the administrative county of London, eighty pounds;

(ii) in the case of a house situate elsewhere, fifty-two pounds.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, in any contract to which this section applies there shall, notwithstanding any stipulation to the contrary, be implied a condition that the house is at the commencement of the tenancy, and an undertaking that the house will be kept by the landlord during the tenancy, fit for human habitation:

Provided that the condition and undertaking aforesaid shall not be implied when a house is let for a term of not less than three years upon the terms that it be put by the lessee into a condition reasonably fit for human habitation, and the lease is not determinable at the option of either party before the expiration of three years.

(3) The landlord, or any person authorised by him in writing, may at reasonable times of the day, on giving twenty-four hours’ notice in writing to the tenant or occupier, enter any premises to which this section applies for the purpose of viewing the state and condition thereof.

(4) In this section the expression " landlord " means any person who lets for human habitation to a tenant any house under any contract referred to in this section, and includes his successors in title, and the expression "house" includes part of a house.

7. Notwithstanding any stipulation to the contrary, where under a contract of employment of a workman employed in agriculture the provision of a house or part of a house for his occupation forms part of his remuneration, and the provisions of the last foregoing section are inapplicable by reason only of the house or part of the house not being let to him, there shall be implied as part of the contract of employment the like condition and undertaking as would be implied under those provisions if the house or part of the house were so let, and those provisions shall apply acordingly, with the substitution of " employer " for " landlord ", and such other modifications as may be necessary:

1957

Housing Act, 1957

Ch. 56

781

Provided that this section shall not affect the obligation of Part n

any person other than the employer to repair a house to which —cont.

this section applies, or any remedy for enforcing any such obligation.

8. In the case of any house which is occupied, or is of a information type suitable for occupation, by persons of the working classes, to be given the name and address of the medical officer of health for the to tenants of district and of the landlord or other person who is directly re- working-class sponsible for keeping the house in all respects reasonably fit nouscs*

for human habitation shall be inscribed in the rent book, or, where a rent book is not used, shall be delivered in writing to the tenant at the commencement of the tenancy and before any rent is demanded or collected; and, where there has been any failure to comply with the provisions of this section in respect of any house, any person who while the default continues demands or collects any rent in respect of the house as aforesaid shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

Unfit premises capable of repair at reasonable cost

9. —(1) Where a local authority, upon consideration of an Power of local official representation, or a report from any of their officers, or authority to other information in their possession, are satisfied that any house require repair is unfit for human habitation, they shall, unless they are satisfied of unfit

that it is not capable at a reasonable expense of being rendered so fit, serve upon the person having control of the house a notice—

(a) requiring him, within such reasonable time, not being

less than twenty-one days, as may be specified in the notice, to execute the works specified in the notice, and

(b) stating that, in the opinion of the authority, those works

will render the house fit for human habitation.

(2) In addition to serving a notice under this section on the person having control of the house, the local authority may serve a copy of the notice on any other person having an interest in the house, whether as freeholder, mortgagee, lessee or otherwise.

(3) In this and the three next following sections references to a house include a reference to a hut, tent, caravan or other temporary or moveable form of shelter which is used for human habitation and has been in the same inclosure for a period of two years next before action is taken under this section.

10. —(1) If a notice under the last foregoing section requiring Enforcement the person having control of a house to execute works is not of notice complied with, then, after the expiration of the time specified requiring

in the notice or, if an appeal has been made against the notice ^2^on of and upon that appeal the notice has been confirmed with or w without variation, after the expiration of twenty-one days from

782

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II

—con/.

the final determination of the appeal, or of such longer period as the court in determining the appeal may fix, the local authority may themselves do the work required to be done by the notice, or by the notice as varied by the court, as the case may be.

(2) Where the local authority are about to enter upon a house under the provisions of the foregoing subsection for the purpose of doing any work, they may give to the person having control of the house and, if they think fit, to any other person being an owner of the house, notice in writing of their intention so to do, and if at any time after the expiration of seven days from the service upon him of the notice and whilst any workman or contractor employed by the local authority is carrying out works in the house, any person upon whom the notice was served or any workman employed by him, or by any contractor employed by him, is in the house for the purpose of carrying out any works, the person upon whom the notice was served shall be deemed to be obstructing the local authority in the execution of this Act and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court before which he is charged that there was urgent necessity to carry out the works in order to obviate danger to occupants of the house.

(3) Any expenses incurred by the local authority under this section, together with interest from the date when a demand for the expenses is served until payment, may, subject as hereinafter provided, be recovered by them, by action or summarily as a civil debt, from the person having control of the house or, if he receives the rent of the house as agent or trustee for some other person, then either from him or from that other person, or in part from him and as to the remainder from that other person:

Provided that, if the person having control of the house proves that he—

(a) is receiving the rent merely as agent or trustee for some other person; and (b)has not, and since the date of the service on him of the demand has not had, in his hands on behalf of that other person sufficient money to discharge the whole demand of the authority;

his liability shall be limited to the total amount of the money which he has, or has had, in his hands as aforesaid.

(4) In all summary proceedings by the local authority for the recovery of any such expenses, the time within which the proceedings may be taken shall be reckoned from the date of the service of the demand or, if an appeal is made against that demand, from the date on which the demand becomes operative.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

783

(5) The local authority may by order declare any such Part II

expenses to be payable by weekly or other instalments within —com.

a period not exceeding thirty years with interest from

the date of the service of the demand until the whole amount is paid, and any such instalments and interest, or any part thereof, may be recovered summarily as a civil debt from any owner or occupier of the house, and, if recovered from an occupier, may be deducted by him from the rent of the house.

(6) Any interest payable under subsection (3) or subsection (5) of this section shall be at such rate as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, from time to time fix for the purposes of either or both of those subsections by order contained in a statutory instrument.

(7) The amount of any expenses and interest thereon due to a local authority under this section shall be a charge on the premises in respect of which the expenses were incurred, and the local authority shall for the purpose of enforcing that charge have all the same powers and remedies under the Law of Property Act, 1925, and otherwise as if they were mortgagees by deed having powers of sale and lease, of accepting surrenders of leases and of appointing a receiver.

(8) The power of appointing a receiver under the last foregoing subsection shall be exercisable at any time after the expiration of one month from the date of the service under subsection (3) of this section of a demand for the expenses charged on the premises.

(9) No action taken under this or the last foregoing section shall prejudice or affect any other powers of the local authority, or any remedy available to the tenant of a house against his landlord, either at common law or otherwise.

11.—(1) Any person aggrieved by— Right of

appeal*

(a) a notice under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act requiring the execution of works,

(b) a demand for the recovery of expenses incurred by a local authority in executing works specified in any such notice,

(c) an order made by a local authority with respect to any such expenses,

may, within twenty-one days of the service of the notice, demand or order, appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the notice, demand or order relates are situate, and no proceedings shall be taken by the local authority to enforce any notice, demand or order in relation to which an appeal is brought before the appeal has been finally determined.

784

Part II

—cont.

Power of local authority to buy house found on appeal not to be capable of repair at reasonable cost.

Recovery by lessees of proportion of cost of execution of works.

Ch. 56 Housing A, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(2) On an appeal under paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of the foregoing subsection no question shall be raised which might have been raised on an appeal against the original notice requiring the execution of works.

(3) On an appeal to the county court under this section the judge may make such order either confirming or quashing or varying the notice, demand or order as he thinks fit and where the judge allows an appeal against a notice requiring the execution of works to a house, he shall, if requested by the local authority so to do, include in his judgment a finding whether the house can or cannot be rendered fit for human habitation at a reasonable expense.

12. —(1) Where a person has appealed against a notice under this Part of this Act requiring the execution of works to a house, and the judge or court in allowing the appeal has found that the house cannot be rendered fit for human habitation at a reasonable expense, the local authority may purchase that house by agreement or may be authorised by the Minister to purchase it compulsorily; and the First Schedule to this Act shall apply in relation to a compulsory purchase under this section.

(2) The Minister shall not confirm an order for the compulsory purchase of a house under this section unless the order is submitted to the Minister within six months after the determination of the appeal and if any person being an owner or mortgagee of the house undertakes to carry out to the satisfaction of the Minister, within such period as the Minister may fix, the works specified in the notice against which the appeal was brought, the Minister shall not confirm the compulsory purchase order unless that person has failed to fulfil his undertaking.

(3) If the local authority purchase the house compulsorily they shall forthwith execute all such works as were specified in the notice against which the appeal was brought.

(4) The compensation to be paid for a house purchased compulsorily under this section shall be the value, at the time when the valuation is made, of the site as a cleared site available for development in accordance with the requirements of the building byelaws for the time being in force in the district, but the payment of compensation on a compulsory purchase in pursuance of this section shall be without prejudice to the making of such payment, if any, in respect of the compulsory purchase as is authorised by sections thirty and thirty-one of this Act.

13. —(1) Where any person who incurs expenditure in complying with a notice under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act requiring the execution of works or in defraying expenses incurred by a local authority under those provisions in carrying out such works, is a lessee of the house or the agent

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

785

of such a lessee, the lessee may recover from the lessor under Part n the lease such part (if any) of that expenditure as may, in default of agreement between - the parties, be determined by the county court to be just having regard—

(a) to the obligations of the lessor and the lessee under the lease with respect to the repair of the house,

(b) to the length of the unexpired term of the lease,

(c) to the rent payable under the lease, and id) to all other relevant circumstances.

(2) Where a person from whom any sum is recoverable under the foregoing subsection is himself a lessee of the house, the provisions of that subsection shall apply as if any sum so recoverable from him were expenditure as mentioned in that subsection.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply in relation to any expenditure in respect of which a charging order is in force under this Part of this Act, or in respect of which an application for such an order is for the time being pending.

(4) In this section " lease " includes an under-lease and any tenancy or agreement for a lease, under-lease or tenancy, and the expressions "lessee" and "lessor" shall be construed accordingly.

14.—(1) Where any owner has completed in respect of a charging house any works required to be executed by a notice of a orders in local authority under this Part of this Act, he may apply to favour of the local authority for a charging order. «eSting

(2) An applicant for a charging order under this section shall works, produce to the local authority the certificate of their surveyor

or engineer that the works have been executed to his satisfaction, and accounts of and vouchers for the expenses of the works; and the local authority, when satisfied that the owner has duly executed the required works, and of the amount of the expenses, and of the costs properly incurred in obtaining the charging order, shall make an order accordingly charging on the house an annuity to repay the amount.

(3) The annuity charged shall be a sum of six pounds for every one hundred pounds of the said amount and so in proportion for any less sum, and shall commence from the date of the order, and be payable for a term of thirty years to the owner named in the order, his executors, administrators, or assigns.

(4) Copies of the charging order and of the certificate of the surveyor or engineer, and of the accounts as passed by the local

786

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II authority, certified to be true copies by the clerk to the authority,

— shall within six months after the date of the order be deposited

with the clerk of the peace of the county in which the house i6 situate, and be by him filed and recorded.

(5) Any person aggrieved by a charging order made by a

local authority under this section may appeal to Quarter Sessions against the order by a notice of appeal given within one month after notice of the charging order has been served upon him, and where a notice of appeal is so given, no

proceedings shall be taken under the order until the appeal is

determined or ceases to be prosecuted.

(6) Section thirty-one of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, and section eighty-four of the Magistrates* Courts Act; 1952 (which relate to appeals from courts of summary jurisdiction to courts of quarter sessions), shall apply in relation to an appeal under this section with the necessary modifications as if the charging order were an order of a magistrates* court.

(7) A court of quarter sessions to which an appeal is brought under this section shall, at the request of either party to the appeal, state the facts in the form of a special case for the opinion of the High Court.

F6rm, effect, etc., of

7.T.T.

omen*

15.—(1) Every charge created by a charging order under this Part of this Act shall be in such form as the Minister may prescribe, and shall be a charge on the premises specified in the order having priority over all existing and future estates, interests and incumbrances, with the exception of—

(a) tithe commutation rent charge, and

(b) any charge on the premises created or arising

under any provision of the Public Health Act, 1875, the Public Health Act, 1936, or the Public Health (London) Act, 1936, or under any provision in any local Act authorising a charge for recovery of expenses incurred by a local authority; and

(c) any charge created under any Act authorising advances

of public money;

and where more charges than one are charged under this Part of this Act on any premises such charges shall, as between themselves, take order according to their respective dates.

(2) A charging order shall be conclusive evidence that all notices, acts, and proceedings by this Part of this Act directed with reference to, or consequent on, the obtaining of such an order or the making of such a charge, have been duly served, done, and taken, and that the charge has been duly created, and is a valid charge on the premises declared to be subject thereto.

1957

Housing Act, 1957

Ch. 56

787

(3) Every annuity charged by any such charging order may be recovered by the person for the time being entitled to it by the same means and in the like manner in all respects as if it were a rentcharge granted by deed out of the premises by the owner thereof.

(4) The benefit of any such charge may be from time to time transferred in like manner as a mortgage or rentcharge may be transferred; and any such transfer may be in such form as the Minister may prescribe.

(5) Any owner of, or other person interested in, premises on which an annuity has been charged by any such charging order shall at any time be at liberty to redeem the annuity on payment to the person entitled to the annuity of such sum as may be agreed upon, or in default of agreement determined by the Minister.

(6) Nothing in this section with respect to the priority or validity of charges thereunder shall be construed as affecting the application to any such charge of the provisions of the Land Charges Act, 1925, as amended by any subsequent enactment, or of the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884, as so amended, and for the purposes of the last mentioned Act, every charging order under this Part of this Act which relates to a house in Yorkshire shall be registered in the manner in which a charge made by deed by the absolute owner of the premises would at the date of the order be required to be registered.

Unfit premises beyond repair at reasonable cost

16.—(1) Where a local authority, on consideration of an official representation, or a report from any of their officers, or other information in their possession, are satisfied that any house—

(a) is unfit for human habitation, and

(b) is not capable at a reasonable expense of being rendered so fit,

they shall serve upon the person having control of the house, upon any other person who is an owner thereof, and, so far as it is reasonably practicable to ascertain such persons, upon every mortgagee thereof, notice of the time (being some time not less than twenty-one days after the service of the notice) and place at which the condition of the house and any offer with respect to the carrying out of works, or the future user of the house, which he may wish to submit will be considered by them.

(2) Every person upon whom such a notice is served under subsection (1) of this section shall be entitled to be heard when the matter is so taken into consideration.

Part n —amt.

Power of local authority to accept

undertaking a» to

reconstruction or use of unfit house.

788

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II (3) A person upon whom such a notice is served imder sub-

—cont. section (1) of this section shall, if he intends to submit an offer

with respect to the carrying out of works,—

(a) within twenty-one days from the date of the service of

the notice upon him, serve upon the authority notice in writing of his intention to make such an offer, and

(b) within such reasonable period as the authority may allow,

submit to them a list of the works which he offers to carry out.

(4) The local authority may if, after consultation with any owner or mortgagee, they think fit so to do, accept an undertaking from him, either that he will within a specified period carry out such works as will in the opinion of the authority render the house fit for human habitation, or that it shall not be used for human habitation until the authority, on being satisfied that it has been rendered fit for that purpose, cancel the undertaking.

(5) Nothing in the Rent Acts shall prevent possession being obtained of any premises by any owner thereof in a case where an undertaking has been given under this section that those premises shall not be used for human habitation.

(6) Any person who knowing that an undertaking has been given under this section that any premises shall not be used for certain purposes specified in the undertaking, uses those premises in contravention of the undertaking, or permits them to be so used, shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and to a further fine of five pounds for every day, or part of a day, on which he so uses them, or permits them to be so used, after conviction.

(7) In this section references to a house include references to a hut, tent, caravan or other temporary or moveable form of shelter which is used for human habitation and has been in the same inclosure for a period of two years next before action is taken under this Part of this Act.

Duty of local authority to make demolition or dosing order or to purchase house where no undertaking is accepted.

17.—(1) If no such undertaking as is mentioned in the last foregoing section is accepted by the local authority, or if, in a case where they have accepted such an undertaking,—

(a) any work to which the undertaking relates is not carried

out within the specified period, or

(b) the premises are at any time used in contravention of

the terms of the undertaking,

then, subject to the provisions of this section, the local authority shall forthwith make a demolition order for the demolition of the premises to which the notice given under the last foregoing section relates:

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

789

Provided that if in the case of any house the local authority consider it inexpedient to make a demolition order having regard to the effect of the demolition of that house upon any other house or building, they may make a closing order as respects that house instead of a demolition order.

(2) Where a local authority would under the foregoing subsection be required to make a demolition or closing order in respect of a house they may, if it appears to them that the house is or can be rendered capable of providing accommodation which is adequate for the time being, purchase the house instead of making a demolition or closing order.

(3) If in the case of any house—

(a) a building preservation order under section twenty-nine

of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, is in force as respects that house, or

(b) the house is included in a list compiled or approved

under section thirty of that Act by the Minister, or

(c) a notice is in force given by the Minister to the local

authority and stating that the architectural or historic interest of the house is sufficient to render it inexpedient that the house should be demolished pending determination of the question whether or not it should be made the subject of such a building preservation order as aforesaid or included in such a list as aforesaid,

subsection (2) of this section shall not apply and the order to be made under subsection (1) of this section shall be a closing order and not a demolition order.

18*—(1) A local authority may under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act take the like proceedings in relation to—

(a) any part of a building which is used, or is suitable for

use, as a dwelling, or

(b) any underground room which is deemed for the purposes of this section to be unfit for human habitation,

as they are empowered to take in relation to a house subject, however, to this qualification that in circumstances in which, in the case of a house, they would have taken action under the last foregoing section (whether by making a demolition or closing order or by purchasing the house) they shall make a closing order as respects the part of the building or, as the case may be, as respects the room.

(2) Subject to the provisions of section four of this Act as to the circumstances under which a house is to be deemed unfit for human habitation, a room the surface of the floor of which is more than three feet below the surface of the part of the street adjoining or nearest to the room, or more than three feet

Part 11 —cont.

Power to make a closing order as to part of a building.

790

Part II —corn.

Service of notice of demolition or closing order or intention to purchase.

Right of appeal against demolition order, etc.

Ch. 56 Housing A, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

below the surface of any ground within nine feet of the room, shall for the purposes of this section be deemed to be unfit for human habitation, if either—

(a) the average height of the room from floor to ceiling is

not at least seven feet, or

(b) the room does not comply with such regulations as the

local authority with the consent of the Minister may prescribe for securing the proper ventilation and lighting of such rooms, and the protection thereof against dampness, effluvia or exhalation:

Provided that, if the local authority, after being required to do so by the Minister, fail to make regulations, or such regulations as the Minister approves, the Minister may himself by statutory instrument make regulations which shall have effect as if they had been made by the local authority with the consent of the Minister.

19. Where a local authority—

(a) have made a demolition or closing order under either of the two last foregoing sections, or

(b) have determined to purchase a house under the former of those sections,

they shall serve a copy of the order or, as the case may be, a notice of their determination to purchase the house on every person on whom they would be required under subsection (1) of section sixteen of this Act to serve a notice issued by them under that subsection.

20. —(1) Any person aggrieved by—

(a) a demolition or closing order made under this Part of

this Act, or

(b) a notice of the determination of a local authority to

purchase a house served under the last foregoing section,

may, within twenty-one days after the date of the service of the order or notice, appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the order or notice relates are situate, and no proceedings shall be taken by the local authority to enforce any order or notice in relation to which an appeal is brought before the appeal has been finally determined.

(2) No appeal shall lie under this section at the instance of a person who is in occupation of the premises to which the order or notice relates under a lease or agreement of which the unexpired term does not exceed three years.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

791

(3) On an appeal to the county court under this section the Part II

judge may make such order either confirming or quashing or —com.

varying the order or notice as he thinks fit and may, if he thinks fit, accept from an appellant any such undertaking as might have been accepted by the local authority, and any undertaking so accepted by the judge shall have the like effect as if it had been given to and accepted by the local authority under this Part of this Act:

Provided that the judge shall not accept from an appellant upon whom such a notice as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section sixteen of this Act was served an undertaking to cany out any works unless the appellant complied with the requirements of subsection (3) of that section.

21. A demolition order made under this Part of this Act with Content aS

respect to any premises shall require— demolition

(a) that the premises shall be vacated within a period to be or<*cr* specified in the order, not being less than twenty-eight days from the date on which the order becomes operative, and

(b) that the premises shall be demolished within six weeks after the expiration of that period, or, if the premises are not vacated before the expiration of that period, within six weeks after the date on which they are vacated, or in either case within such longer period as in the circumstances the local authority deem it reasonable to specify.

22. —(1) Where a demolition order under this Part of this Act Demolition has become operative, the local authority shall serve on the ordcre: occupier of any building, or any part of any building, to which

the order relates a notice— b^to be

(a) stating the effect of the order, and demolished.

(b) specifying the date by which the order requires the

building to be vacated, and

(c) requiring him to quit the building before the said date

or before the expiration of twenty-eight days from the service of the notice, whichever may be the later.

(2) If at any time after the date on which the notice requires the building to be vacated any person is in occupation of the building, or of any part thereof, the local authority or any owner of the building may make complaint to a magistrates' court and thereupon the court shall by its warrant in the form set out in the Schedule to the Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838, or in a form to the like effect, order vacant possession of the building, or of the part thereof, to be given to the complainant within such period not being less than two weeks nor more than four weeks as the court may determine.

792

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 EiiZ. 2

Part 11

—cont.

Demolition

orders:

enforcement.

(3) Any expenses incurred by a local authority under this section in obtaining possession of any building or of any part of a building may be recovered by them from the owner, or from any of the owners, of that building summarily as a civil debt.

(4) Any person who, knowing that a demolition order under this Part of this Act has become operative and applies to a building, enters into occupation of that building, or of any part thereof, after the date by which the order requires that building to be vacated, or permits any other person to enter into such occupation after that date, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and to a further fine of five pounds for every day, or part of a day, on which the occupation continues after conviction.

(5) Nothing in the Rent Acts shall be deemed to affect the provisions of this section relating to the obtaining possession of a building.

23.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, when a demolition order under this Part of this Act has become operative, the owner or owners of the premises to which it applies shall demolish those premises within the time limited in that behalf by the order; and if the premises are not demolished within that time, the local authority shall enter and demolish the premises and sell the materials thereof.

(2) Any expenses incurred by an authority under the foregoing subsection, after giving credit for any amount realised by the sale of materials, may be recovered by them as a simple contract debt from the owner of the premises or, if there is more than one owner, from the owners thereof in such shares as the judge may determine to be just and equitable; and any owner who pays to the authority the full amount of their claim may in the like manner recover from any other owner such contribution, if any. as the judge may determine to be just and equitable.

(3) Any surplus in the hands of the authority shall be paid by them to the owner of the premises, or if there is more than one owner, shall be paid as those owners may agree.

If there is more than one owner and the owners do not agree as to the division of the surplus, the authority shall be deemed by virtue of this subsection to be trustees of the surplus for the owners of the premises, and section sixty-three of the Trustee Act, 1925 (which relates to payment into court by trustees), shall have effect accordingly.

(4) The county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises are situate shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any proceedings under subsection (2) of this section, and shall

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

793

have jurisdiction under section sixty-three of the Trustee Act, Part n 1925, in relation to any such surplus as is mentioned in subsec-tion (3) of this section.

(5) A county court judge, in determining for the purposes of this section the shares in which any expenses shall be paid or contributed by, or any surplus shall be divided between, two or more owners of any premises, shall have regard to their respective interests in the premises, their respective obligations and liabilities in respect of maintenance and repair under any covenant or agreement whether expressed or implied, and all the other circumstances of the case.

24.—(1) If an owner of a house in respect of which a demoli- Demolition tion order has become operative submits proposals to the localorders: P°wcr authority for the execution by him of works designed to secure J^J^Siiction the reconstruction, enlargement or improvement of the house, of condemned or of any buildings of which the house is one, and the local house, authority are satisfied that the result of the works will be the provision of one or more houses fit for human habitation, the authority shall have power to extend for such period as they may specify the time within which the owner or owners of the house are required under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section to demolish it, in order that the said owner may have an opportunity of carrying out the works.

(2) The said time may be further extended by the local authority once or more often as occasion may require, if the works have been begun and appear to the authority to be making satisfactory progress or, though they have not been begun, the authority think there has been no unreasonable delay; and if the works are completed to the satisfaction of the authority they shall revoke the demolition order without prejudice to any subsequent proceedings under this Part of this Act.

(3) Where in relation to a house a local authority determine to extend or further extend the time mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, notice of the determination shall be served by the authority on every person having an interest in the house, whether as freeholder, mortgagee, lessee or otherwise.

25.—(1) If it appears to the local authority that premises to DemoBtioo which a demolition order made under this Part of this Act°£kre.: applies require to be cleansed from vermin, the authority may, at any time between the date on which the order is made, and demolition, the date on which it becomes operative in relation to the premises, serve notice in writing on the owner or owners of the premises that the authority intend to cleanse them before they are demolished.

794

Part n

—am

Demolition

orders:

substitution of closing order in case of house included in building preservation order, etc.

Closing orders: general

provisions.

Ch. 56 Housing A, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(2) A local authority who have served a notice under the foregoing subsection may, at any time after the order has become operative in relation to the premises and they have been vacated, enter and carry out such work as they may think requisite for the purpose of destroying or removing vermin, and the demolition shall not be begun or continued by any owner after service of the notice on him until the authority have served on him a further notice authorising him to proceed with the demolition:

Provided that an owner upon whom a notice has been served under the foregoing subsection may, at any time after the premises have been vacated, serve notice in writing on the authority requiring them to carry out the work within fourteen days from the receipt of the notice served by him, and at the expiration of that period shall be at liberty to proceed with the demolition whether the work has then been completed or not

(3) Where a local authority serve a notice under subsection (1) of this section, subsection (1) of section twenty-three of this Act shall have effect in relation to the house to which the notice relates subject to the proviso that the local authority shall not be entitled to take action thereunder until the expiration of six we$ks from the date on which the owner or owners become entitled by virtue of subsection (2) of this section to proceed with the demolition.

26. Where a house with respect to which a demolition order made under this Part of this Act by a local authority applies (whether or not that order has become operative) becomes one to which paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of subsection (3) of section seventeen of tins Act applies, the local authority shall determine the demolition order and make a closing order as respects the house; and the local authority shall serve notice that the demolition order has been determined and a copy of the closing order on every person on whom they would be required by subsection (1) of section sixteen of this Act to serve a notice issued by them under that subsection.

27. —(1) A closing order shall be an order prohibiting the use

of the premises as respects which the order is made for any purpose other than a purpose approved by the

local authority, and any person who, knowing that a

closing order has become operative and applies to any

premises, uses those premises in contravention of the

order, or permits them to be so used, shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and to a further fine of five pounds for every day, or part of a day, on which he so uses them, or permits them to be so used, after conviction.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

795

(2) The approval of the local authority under the foregoing sub- Part n section shall not be unreasonably withheld and they shall deter- —com. mine the order on being satisfied that the premises as respects

which it was made have been rendered fit for human habitation.

(3) Any person aggrieved by—

(a) the withholding of approval by the local authority of

any use of the premises to which the closing order relates, or

(b) a refusal by the local authority to determine the closing

order,

may, within twenty-one days after the refusal, appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the closing order relates are situated.

(4) No appeal shall lie under paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection at the instance of a person who is in occupation of the premises to which the closing order relates under a lease or agreement of which the unexpired term does not exceed three years.

(5) Nothing in the Rent Acts shall prevent possession being obtained by the owner of premises in a case where a closing order under the proviso to subsection (1) of section seventeen or under section eighteen of this Act is in force in respect thereof.

28. Where a local authority have made a closing order under Closing orders: the proviso to subsection (1) of section seventeen of this Act, substitution they may at any time revoke it and make a demolition order;of demolition and, when the demolition order has been made, the provisions or er‘

of this Act relating to demolition orders (including the provisions relating to the service of copies of demolition orders and to appeals against demolition orders) shall apply as if the demolition order had been made under the said section seventeen.

29. —(1) At any time after a notice of the determination of Provisions as

a local authority to purchase a house under section nineteen to of

of this Act has become operative, the local authority may pur- houses*11^ chase the house by agreement or may be authorised by the Minister to purchase it compulsorily; and the First Schedule to this Act shall apply in relation to a compulsory purchase under this section.

(2) The compensation to be paid for a house purchased compulsorily under this section shall be the value, at the time when the valuation is made, of the site as a cleared site available for development in accordance with the requirements of the building byelaws for the time being in force in the district but the payment of compensation on a compulsory purchase in pursuance of this section shall be without prejudice to the making of such payment, if any, in respect of the compulsory

796

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II purchase as is authorised by sections thirty and thirty-one of —cont. this Act.

(3) A local authority by whom a house is purchased under this section may carry out such works as may from time to time be required for rendering and keeping it capable of providing accommodation of a standard which is adequate for the time being pending its demolition by the authority.

(4) In respect of any house purchased under this section the local authority shall have the like powers as they have in respect of houses provided under Part V of this Act, and section six of this Act shall not apply to a contract for the letting by a local authority of any such house.

rmoitsm 30.—(1) Within three months of the service by a local

authority under section nineteen of this Act of a copy of a houses which demolition order or of a notice of their determination to have been well purchase a house any person may represent to them that the maintained. house has been well maintained and that the good maintenance

of the house is attributable wholly or partly to work carried out by him or at his expense.

(2) This section shall apply to a closing order made under the proviso to subsection (1) of section seventeen of this Act as it applies to a demolition order.

(3) If—

(a) the house is vacated in pursuance of the demolition or

closing order or purchased compulsorily in pursuance of the notice, and

(b) leaving out of account any defects in the house in

respect of any such matters as are mentioned in paragraphs (b) to (h) of subsection (1) of section four of this Act, the representation made as respects the house is correct,

the local authority shall make to the person by whom the representation was made in respect of the house such payment, if any, as is authorised by Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act.

(4) If, on receiving the representation, the local authority consider that the condition specified in paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection is not satisfied they shall serve on the person by whom the representation was made notice that no payment falls to be made to him under that subsection. 5

(5) Any person aggrieved by a notice under the last foregoing subsection may, within twenty-one days after the date of the service of the notice, appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the house to which the notice relates is situated.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

797

and on the appeal to the county court the judge may make such Part n order either confirming or quashing or varying the notice as he thinks fit:

Provided that if the persons who would be entitled to appear and be heard on such an appeal so agree in writing any matter in dispute which might have been the subject of such an appeal shall instead be submitted to arbitration.

(6) For the purposes of this section a house which might have been the subject of a demolition order under this Part of this Act but which has without the making of such an order been vacated and demolished in pursuance of an undertaking for its demolition given to the local authority shall be deemed to have been vacated in pursuance of a demolition order made and served at the date when the undertaking was given.

(7) In this section references to a demolition order do not include such an order in respect of a house already subject to a closing order so far as it affects any part of the house in relation to which a payment under this section or under the Second Schedule to this Act has fallen to be made in respect of the closing order.

31. The provisions of Part II of the Second Schedule to this Temporary

Act shall have effect as respects payments to be made in certain provisions for circumstances in respect of houses affected by action taken under to

this Part of this Act. oowiera and

others.

32. A local authority may pay to any person displaced from Payments to a house to which a demolition order made under this Part of P?1*?1* this Act, or a closing order, applies, or which has been purchased dwplace<i* by them under this Part of this Act, such reasonable allowance

as they think fit towards his expenses in removing, and to any person carrying on any trade or business in any such house they may pay also such reasonable allowance as they think fit towards the loss which, in their opinion, he will sustain by reason of the disturbance of his trade or business consequent on his having to quit the house, and in estimating that loss they shall have regard to the period for which the premises occupied by him might reasonably have been expected to be available for the purpose of his trade or business and the availability of other premises suitable for that purpose.

Protection of owners

33. —(1) If an owner of any house who is not the person in Provisions for receipt of the rents and profits thereof gives notice to the local protection of authority of his interest in the house the local authority shall of give to him notice of any proceedings taken by them in relation

to die house in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act or of the provisions of Part III of this Act relating to demolition orders.

798

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II (2) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this —cont. Act shall prejudice or interfere with the right or remedies of any owner for breach, non-observance, or non-performance of any covenant or contract entered into by a tenant or lessee in reference to any house in respect of which an order is made, or a notice requiring the execution of works is served, by a local authority under this Part of this Act; and if any owner is obliged to take possession of a house in order to comply with any such order or notice, the taking possession shall not affect his right to avail himself of any such breach, non-observance, or non-performance which has occurred before he so took possession.

Transitory provisions as respects existing demolition orders

Temporary occupation of houses subject to existing demolition orders.

34.—(1) If it appears to a local authority that any house in respect of which—

(a) a demolition order was made by that authority under

Part II of the Housing Act, 1936, before the thirtieth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, or

(b) a closing order was made by them under section

ten or section eleven of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953, before that date.

is capable of providing accommodation of a standard which is adequate for the time being, they may grant to the person who, but for the said order, would be entitled to authorise the occupation of the house a licence permitting the occupation of the house during such period as may be specified in the licence by such number of persons and on such terms as to the rent, repairs and other conditions on which the house may be occupied as may be so specified.

(2) While a licence granted under this section is in force in respect of a house, section twenty-two of this Act and the provisions of Part III of this Act as to the vacation of buildings subject to clearance orders or demolition orders shall not apply to it.

(3) Where a licence in force under this section specifies a maximum rent in respect of a house, then notwithstanding any order or direction for the time being in force under section seven of the Agricultural Wages Act, 1948, the value at which the house may be reckoned for the purposes of a minimum rate of wages fixed under that Act shall not exceed the maximum rent so specified.

(4) Any licence granted by a local authority under this section may be revoked by that authority at any time, and shall be so revoked if it appears to the authority that the house is no longer capable of providing such accommodation as aforesaid; and

1957 Housing Act, 1957 Ch. 56 799

every such licence shall, unless previously revoked, cease to have Part II effect on the thirtieth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty- .

seven, or on such later date as the Minister may in any particular case allow in pursuance of an application made by the local authority before the said date in the year nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

(5) On the revocation or determination of a licence granted under this section in respect of a house, the local authority may, if they think fit, revoke the demolition order and purchase the house; and section twenty-nine of this Act shall apply as if notice of a determination to buy the house under section nineteen of this Act had become operative.

(6) Any licence issued under Regulation 68A or 68AA of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, and in force immediately before the commencement of this Act in respect of a house subject to a demolition or closing order shall continue in force and have effect as if granted under this section, and may be revoked thereunder accordingly.

35.—(1) Where a demolition order was made under Part II Retention of of the Housing Act, 1936, at any time before the fourteenth day houses subject of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, and it appears to demoUtSn the local authority by whom the order was made that compliance orders and therewith is inexpedient having regard to the effect of the demoli- needed to tion of that house on any other house or building, they may, support other whether or not that order has become operative and whether or buildings, not the period within which the house is thereby required to be demolished has expired, revoke the demolition order and make a closing order in respect of the house.

(2) On the making of a closing order under this section the provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply as if the order had been made under the proviso to section seventeen of this Act so, however, that a notice of the revocation of the demolition order shall be served under section nineteen of this Act together with a copy of the closing order.

Houses let in lodgings

36.—(1) Where it appears to a local authority, in the case of Power to a house within their district, or of part of such a house, which require is let in lodgings or occupied by members of more than one of

family, that with respect to any such matters as are specified reduction of in paragraphs () to (h) of subsection (1) of section four of number of this Act the premises are so far defective, having regard to the occupants of number of individuals or households, or both, accommodated house, for the time being on the premises, as not to be reasonably

800

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Elk. 2

Part n

—cont.

suitable for occupation by those individuals or households, the local authority may serve on the person having control of the house a notice—

(a) specifying the works which in the opinion of the local

authority are required for rendering the premises reasonably suitable for such occupation as aforesaid, and

(b) requiring that person, in default of the execution of those works within a period specified in the notice, to take such steps as are reasonably open to him (including if necessary the taking of legal proceedings) for securing that the number of individuals accommodated on the premises or the number of households accommodated there, or both, is limited in any manner so specified.

(2) A person aggrieved by a notice under this section may, within twenty-one days after the date of the service of the notice, appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the notice relates are situated and on an appeal to the county court under this section—

(a) the judge may make such order confirming or quashing

or varying the notice as he thinks fit, and

(b) the judge shall, if requested by the local authority so

to do, include in his judgment a finding whether the house can or cannot be rendered fit for human habitation at a reasonable expense.

(3) Nothing in the Rent Acts shall prevent possession being obtained of any house or part of a house possession of which is required for the purpose of complying with a requirement under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section.

(4) A person who fails to comply with any requirement of a notice under this section shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds; and if the failure continues after conviction he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two pounds for every day on which the failure so continues. 5

(5) In the administrative county of London, other than the City of London, both the metropolitan borough council and the London County Council shall be local authorities for the purposes of this section.

1957

Housing Act, 1957

Ch. 56

801

Supplemental Part II

37. —(1) Any notice, demand or order against which an Date appeal might be brought to a county court under this Part of operation of this Act shall, if no such appeal is brought, become operative notices,

on the expiration of twenty-one days from the date of the service demands and of the notice, demand or order, and shall be final and con-elusive as to any matters which could have been raised on such pp^ * an appeal, and any such notice, demand or order against which an appeal is brought shall, if and so far as it is confirmed by a county court judge, or the Court of Appeal, become operative as from the date of the final determination of the appeal.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the withdrawal of an appeal shall be deemed to be the final determination thereof, having the like effect as a decision confirming the notice, demand or order, or decision appealed against and, subject as aforesaid, an appeal shall be deemed to be finally determined on the date on which the decision of the Court of Appeal is given, or in a case where no appeal is brought to the Court of Appeal, on the expiration of the period within which such an appeal might have been brought.

38. —(1) The rules made under section ninety-nine of the Provisions County Courts Act, 1934, for regulating the procedure and M *° appeals practice as respects appeals to the county court under this Part under Part 11 • of this Act shall make provision with respect to an inspection

by the judge of the premises to which the appeal relates in any case in which he considers that inspection is desirable.

(2) No appeal shall lie from a decision of the Court of Appeal on an appeal from a county court in proceedings originating in an appeal to the county court under this Part of this Act.

39. —(1) In determining for the purposes of this Part of this Interpretation Act whether a house can be rendered fit for human habitation of n<

at a reasonable expense, regard shall be had to the estimated cost of the works necessary to render it so fit and the value which it is estimated that the house will have when the works are completed.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the person who receives the rack-rent of a house, whether on his own account or as agent or trustee for any other person, or who would so receive it if the house were let at a rack-rent, shall be deemed to be the person having control of the house.

In this subsection the expression " rack-rent " means rent which is not less than two-thirds of the full net annual value of the house.

2 C

Ch. 56

Housing Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

802

Part n

—cont.

Saving for 40. The powers of a local authority exercisable under this Part of this Act shall be subject to the provisions of Part III of ratncuons or respect to redevelopment and reconditioning by owners of premises.

Local

authority for Part II in London.

41. As respects the administrative county of London, other than the City of London, the local authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act shall, save as otherwise expressly provided, be the council of the metropolitan borough.

Part III Clearance and Re-development Clearance Areas

Power to 42.—(1) Where a local authority, upon consideration of an

declare an official representation or other information in their possession, ^uancearea. are respects any area in their district—

(a) that the houses in that area are unfit for human habita-

tion. or are by reason of their bad arrangement, or the narrowness or bad arrangement of the streets, dangerous or injurious to the health of the inhabitants of the area, and that the other buildings, if any, in the area are for a like reason dangerous or injurious to the health of the said inhabitants; and

(b) that the most satisfactory method of dealing with the

conditions in the area is the demolition of all the buildings in the area; the authority shall cause that area to be defined on a map In such manner as to exclude from the area any building which is not unfit for human habitation or dangerous or injurious to health and shall pass a resolution declaring the area so defined to be a clearance area, that is to say. an area to be cleared of all buildings in accordance with the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Act:

Provided that, before passing any such resolution, the authority shall satisfy themselves—

(i) that, in so far as suitable accommodation available for

the persons who will be displaced by the clearance of the area does not already exist, the authority can provide. or secure the provision of, such accommodation in advance of the displacements which will from time to time become necessary as the demolition of buildings in the area, or in different parts thereof, proceeds; and

(ii) that the resources of the authority are sufficient for the

purpose of carrying the resolution into effect

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

803

(2) A local authority shall forthwith transmit to the Minister a copy of any resolution passed by them under this section, together with a statement of the number of persons who on a day specified in the statement were occupying the buildings comprised in the clearance area.

(3) A local authority who have passed a resolution declaring any area to be a clearance area shall, before taking any action under that resolution which will necessitate the displacement of any persons, undertake to carry out or to secure the carrying out of such re-housing operations, if any, within such period as the Minister may consider to be reasonably necessary.

43.—(1) So soon as may be after a local authority have declared any area to be a clearance area, they shall, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act, proceed to secure the clearance of the area in one or other of the following ways, or partly in one of those ways and partly in the other of them, that is to say—

(a) by making one or more orders (in this Act referred to

as 44 clearance orders ") for the demolition of the buildings in the area; or

(b) by purchasing the land comprised in the area and them-

selves undertaking, or otherwise securing, the demolition of the buildings on that land.

(2) Where the local authority determine to purchase any land comprised in the area declared by them to be a clearance area, they may purchase also any land which is surrounded by the clearance area and the acquisition of which is reasonably necessary for the purpose of securing a cleared area of convenient shape and dimensions, and any adjoining land the acquisition of which is reasonably necessary for the satisfactory development or use of the cleared area.

(3) Where the local authority have determined to purchase under this Part of this Act land comprised in, or surrounded by or adjoining, a clearance area they may purchase that land by agreement, or they may be authorised to purchase that land compulsorily by a compulsory purchase order made and submitted to the Minister and confirmed by him in accordance with the provisions of Parts I and II of the Third Schedule to this Act

The powers conferred by this subsection shall be exercisable notwithstanding that any of the buildings within the clearance area have been demolished since the area was declared to be a clearance area.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act an order authorising the compulsory purchase of land comprised in a clearance area shall be submitted to the Minister within six months, and an order authorising the compulsory purchase of

2 C 2

Part m

—cont.

Method of dealing with clearance area.

804

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part HI

—cont.

Clearance

orders:

general

provisions.

land surrounded by or adjoining a clearance area shall be submitted to the Minister within twelve months, after the date of the resolution declaring the area to be a clearance area, or within such longer period as the Minister may, in the circumstances of the particular case, allow.

(5) The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the validity and date of operation of a compulsory purchase order made under this section.

44.—(1) Where as respects any area declared by them to be a clearance area a local authority determine to order any buildings in the area to be demolished, they shall make and submit to the Minister, for confirmation by him, a clearance order ordering the demolition of each of those buildings.

(2) The provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the making, submission and confirmation of a clearance order, and the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the validity and date of operation of such an order.

(3) When a clearance order has become operative, the owner or owners of any building to which the order applies shall demolish that building before the expiration of six weeks from the date on which the building is required by the order to be vacated or, if it is not vacated until after that date, before the expiration of six weeks from the date on which it is vacated or, in either case, oefore the expiration of such longer period as in the circumstances the local authority may deem reasonable; and, if the building is not demolished before the expiration of that period, the local authority shall enter and demolish the building and sell the materials thereof.

(4) The provisions of subsections (2) to (5) of section twenty-three of this Act shall apply in relation to any expenses incurred by the authority under the last foregoing subsection and to any surplus remaining in the hands of the authority as they apply in relation to any expenses or surplus in a case where a house is demolished in pursuance of a demolition order made under Part II of this Act, with the substitution of references to the building demolished under this section for references to the house demolished under the said section twenty-three.

(5) When a clearance order has become operative, no land to which the order applies shall be used for building purposes, or otherwise developed, except subject to such restrictions and conditions, if any, as the local authority may think fit to impose:

Provided that an owner who is aggrieved by a restriction or condition so imposed on the user of his land, or by a subsequent refusal of the authority to cancel or modify any such restriction or condition, may at any time appeal to the Minister, who shall make such order in the matter as he thinks proper, and the Minister’s decision shall be final.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

805

(6) A person who commences, or causes to be commenced. Part in any work in contravention of a restriction or condition imposed —com. under the last foregoing subsection shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and to a

further fine not exceeding ten pounds in respect of each day during which the work exists in such a form and state as to contravene the restriction or condition.

(7) The provisions of section twenty-five of this Act relating to the cleansing of houses from vermin shall have effect in relation to a house to which a clearance order applies as they have effect in relation to a building to which a demolition order made under Part II of this Act applies, with the substitution, for the reference to the date on which the demolition order is made, of a reference to the date on which the clearance order is confirmed, and, for the reference to subsection (1) of section twenty-three of this Act, of a reference to subsection (3) of this section.

(8) In the provisions of this Act relating to buildings included in an area to which a clearance order applies, references to a building shall include references to a hut, tent, caravan or other temporary or movable form of shelter which is used for human habitation and has been in the same enclosure for a period of two years next before action is taken under those provisions, and the reference to development in subsection (5) of this section includes a reference to the erection or placing on land of a hut, tent, caravan or other temporary or movable form of shelter.

45.—(1) A clearance order shall fix by reference to the date Clearance on which it becomes operative the period, not being less than orders: twenty-eight days from that date, within which the local of

authority require the buildings in the area to be vacated for the buildings to be purposes of demolition, and for that purpose may fix different demolished, periods as respects different buildings.

(2) Where a clearance order has become operative, the local authority shall serve on the occupier of any building, or any part of any building, to which the order relates a notice—

(a) stating the effect of the order, and

(b) specifying the date by which the order requires the build-

ing to be vacated, and

(c) requiring him to quit the building before the said date

or before the expiration of twenty-eight days from the service of the notice, whichever may be the later. 3

(3) If at any time after the date on which the notice requires the building to be vacated any person is in occupation of the building, or of any part thereof, the local authority or any owner of the building may make complaint to a magistrates’ court and thereupon the court shall by its warrant in the form set out in

806

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part in the Schedule to the Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838, or

—cont. in a form to the like effect, order vacant possession of the build-

ing, or of the part thereof, to be given to the complainant within such period not being less than two weeks nor more than four weeks as the court may determine.

(4) Any expenses incurred by a local authority under this section in obtaining possession of any building or of any part of a building may be recovered by them from the owner, or from any of the owners, of that building summarily as a civil debt

(5) Any person who, knowing that a clearance order has become operative and applies to a building, enters into occupation of that building, or of any part thereof, after the date by which the order requires that building to be vacated, or permits any other person to enter into such occupation after that date, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and to a further fine of five pounds for every day, or part of a day, on which the occupation continues after conviction.

(6) Nothing in the Rent Acts shall be deemed to affect the provisions of this section relating to the obtaining possession of a building.

Clearance orders: temporary retention of houses let to local authority.

46.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect, in the case of a house on land in a clearance area which does not belong to the local authority, where the authority are of opinion that the house is or can be rendered capable of providing accommodation of a standard which is adequate for the time being, and that the house ought not to be demolished for the time being but ought to be retained for temporary use for housing purposes. 2 3

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, the local authority may include in any clearance order made by them and applying to the house a provision that the demolition of the house in pursuance of the order is to be postponed until the authority determine that the house is no longer required for use for housing purposes; and if such a provision is included, the order shall not fix a period for the vacation of the house as required by subsection (1) of the last foregoing section.

(3) A local authority shall not include in a clearance order such a provision as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection unless they have acquired, or are satisfied that by the time the clearance order becomes operative they will have acquired, such rights under a tenancy of the house as will enable them to retain the house for use for housing purposes until they determine that it is no longer required for such use and to deal with it in all respects as if it were a house on land in a clearance area belonging to them.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

807

(4) In relation to a house to which a clearance order applies Part ni

with such a provision as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this —cont’

section—

(a) subsection (3) of section forty-four of this Act shall

have effect with the substitution for the period therein referred to of such a period not less than six weeks as may, in a notice served by the local authority on the owner or owners of the house as soon as they determine that the house is no longer required for use for housing purposes, be specified as the period within which the authority require the house to be demolished; and

(b) the last foregoing section shall not apply until the local

authority determine that the house is no longer required for such use as aforesaid and shall then have effect with the substitution for references to the date by which the order requires the house to be vacated of references to the date of the authority’s notice under the foregoing paragraph.

(5) In respect of any houses retained by a local authority under this section for temporary use for housing purposes, the authority shall have the like powers as they have in respect of houses provided under Part V of this Act, and section six of this Act shall not apply to a contract for the letting by a local authority of any such house.

47.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following Treatment of section, a local authority who have under this Part of this Act J^ acquired purchased any land comprised in, or surrounded by, or authority adjoining, a clearance area shall, so soon as may be, cause every building thereon to be vacated and shall deal with that land in one or other of the following ways, or partly in one of these ways and partly in the other of them, that is to say—

(a) they shall demolish every building thereon before the expiration of six weeks from the date on which it is vacated, or before the expiration of such longer period as in die circumstances they deem reasonable, and thereafter may sell or let the land subject to such restrictions and conditions, if any, as they think fit, or may, subject to the approval of the Minister, and subject to the like restrictions as are contained in section one hundred and sixty-three of the Local Government Act, 1933, with respect to the appropriation of land by local authorities under that section, appropriate the land for any purpose for which they are authorised to acquire land; or

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

808

Part HI

—cont.

Temporary retention of unfit houses acquired by local

authority.

CH. 56

(b) they shall, so soon as may be, sell or let the land subject to a condition that the buildings thereon shall be demolished forthwith and subject to such restrictions and other conditions, if any, as they think fit:

Provided that, in lieu of selling the land, the authority may, where the owner of other land (being land which the local authority have power to acquire) is willing to take the land in exchange for that other land, exchange it for that other land, either with or without paying or receiving money for equality of exchange, and in relation to any such exchange the like provisions shall have effect as respects the land to be given in exchange by the local authority as have effect by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section as respects land sold thereunder.

(2) Land sold, exchanged or leased under this section shall be sold, exchanged or leased at the best price, for the best consideration or for the best rent that can reasonably be obtained having regard to any restriction or condition imposed.

(3) For the purposes of this section " sale " includes sale in consideration of a chief rent, rentcharge or other similar periodical payment and "sell" has a corresponding meaning.

48.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act a local authority by whom an area has been declared to be a clearance area may postpone, for such period as may be determined by the authority, the demolition of any houses on land purchased by or belonging to the authority within that area, being houses which in the opinion of the authority are or can be rendered capable of providing accommodation of a standard which is adequate for the time being, and may carry out such works as may from time to time be required for rendering or keeping such houses capable of providing such accommodation as aforesaid pending their demolition. 2

(2) Where the demolition of any houses in a clearance area is postponed under the foregoing subsection, the local authority may also postpone the taking of any proceedings under section forty-three of this Act in respect of any buildings (other than houses) within that area; and the provisions of subsection (4) of that section as to the time within which compulsory purchase orders may be submitted shall not apply to the purchase of any land in the area, other than houses, or to the purchase of any land surrounded by or adjoining the area.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

809

(3) Where a local authority are satisfied, in the case of a Part in house on land purchased by or belonging to them within a clearance area, not being a house retained by them for temporary

use for housing purposes, that—

(a) it is required for the support of a house which is so

retained, or

(b) there is some other special reason why it should not be

demolished for the time being, and the reason is connected with the exercise of the authority’s powers under subsection <1) of this section in relation to the clearance area,

then, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act the authority may retain the house for the time being and shall not be required to demolish it so long as, in the case mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, it is required for the purpose therein referred to, or, in any other case, the said powers are being exercised by the authority in relation to that area.

(4) In respect of any houses retained by a local authority under this section for temporary use for housing purposes the local authority shall have the like powers as they have in respect of houses provided under Part V of this Act and section six of this Act shall not apply to a contract for the letting by a local authority of any such houses.

49. A local authority may include in a clearance area any Provisions land belonging to them which they might have included in such whh respect an area if it had not belonged to them, and where any land of the authority is included in a clearance area or, being land belonging to surrounded by or adjoining a clearance area, might have been a local purchased by the authority under subsection (2) of section forty- authority, three of this Act had it not previously been acquired by them, the provisions of this Act shall apply in relation to that land as if it had been purchased by the authority as being land comprised in the clearance area or, as the case may be, as being land surrounded by or adjoining the clearance area:

Provided that the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply in the case of any land belonging to the local authority being dwellings which were acquired by them on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, in such circumstances that the provisions of paragraph 1 of the Ninth Schedule to this Act (or of any enactment reproduced in that paragraph) took effect in relation thereto.

2 C

810

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part m

—corn.

Arrangements

where

acquisition of land in a clearance area found to be unnecessary.

Power of local authority to purchase cleared land which owners have failed to re-develop.

50. Where a local authority have submitted to the Minister an order for the compulsory purchase of land in a clearance area, and the Minister, on an application for an authorisation under this section being made to him by the owner or owners of the land and the authority, is satisfied that the owner or owners of the land, with the concurrence of any mortgagee thereof, agree to the demolition of the buildings thereon and that the authority can secure the proper clearance of the area without acquiring the land, the Minister may—

(a) in a case where the order has not been confirmed.

authorise the authority to submit, forthwith and without any previous publication or service, a clearance order with respect to the buildings, and upon their so doing may modify the compulsory purchase order by excluding the land therefrom and confirm the clearance order without causing an inquiry or hearing to be held; or

(b) in a case where the compulsory purchase order has been

confirmed but the land has not become vested in the authority, authorise them to discontinue proceedings for the purchase of the land on their being satisfied that such covenants have been or will be entered into by all necessary parties as may be requisite for securing that the buildings shall be demolished in like manner, and the land become subject to the like restrictions and conditions, as if the authority had dealt with the land in accordance with the provisions of section forty-seven of this Act.

51. —(1) Where land has been cleared of buildings in accordance with a clearance order, the local authority may, at any time after the expiration of eighteen months from the date on which the order became operative, by resolution determine to purchase any part of that land which at the date of the passing of their resolution has not been, or is not in process of being, used for building purposes or otherwise developed by the owner thereof in accordance with plans approved by the authority and any restrictions or conditions imposed under subsection (5) of section forty-four of this Act.

(2) Where a local authority have determined to purchase land under this section, they may purchase that land by agreement or they may be authorised to purchase that land compulsorily by a compulsory purchase order made and submitted to the Minister and confirmed by him in accordance with the provisions of Parts I and II of the Third Schedule to this Act. 3

(3) An order authorising the compulsory purchase of land for the purposes of this section shall be submitted to the Minister

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

811

within three months after the date of the passing of the resolution to purchase.

(4) The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the validity and date of operation of a compulsory purchase order made under this section.

(5) A local authority shall deal with any land purchased by them under this section by sale, letting, or appropriation in accordance with the provisions of section forty-seven of this Act

52. Within a metropolitan borough both the London County Council and the council of the borough shall be local authorities for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to clearance areas:

Provided that where an official representation relating to not more than ten houses is made to the London County Council, the London County Council shall, unless they consider that the area should be dealt with by them as a clearance area, forward the representation to the borough council concerned.

Transitory provisions as respects houses in clearance areas

53.—(1) If it appears to a local authority that any house in respect of which a clearance order had been made before the thirtieth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, by that authority is capable of providing accommodation of a standard which is adequate for the time being, they may grant to the person who, but for the said order, would be entitled to authorise the occupation of the house a licence permitting the occupation of the house during such period as may be specified in the licence by such number of persons and on such terms as to the rent, repairs and other conditions on which the house may be occupied as may be so specified.

(2) While a licence granted under this section is in force in respect of a house, section forty-five of this Act shall not apply to it.

(3) Where a licence in force under this section specifies a maximum rent in respect of a house, then, notwithstanding any order or direction for the time being in force under section seven of the Agricultural Wages Act, 1948, the value at which the house may be reckoned for the purposes of a minimum rate of wages fixed under that Act shall not exceed the maximum rent so specified. 4

(4) Any licence granted by a local authority under this section may be revoked by that authority at any time, and shall be so revoked if it appears to the authority that the house is no longer

2 C * 2

Part UI

—cont.

Local

authority for clearance areas in London.

Temporary occupation of houses subject to existing clearance orders.

812

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part III

—cont.

Power to

purchase

buildings

subject to

existing

clearance

orders.

capable of providing such accommodation as aforesaid; and every such licence shall, unless previously revoked, cease to have effect on the thirtieth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, or on such later date as the Minister may in any particular case allow in pursuance of an application made by the local authority before the said date in the year nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

(5) An order under section forty-three of this Act authorising the compulsory purchase by the local authority of any house in respect of which a licence has been granted under this section may, notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (4) of that section, be submitted to the Minister at any time not later than six months after his approval of proposals submitted by the local authority under subsection (1) of section one of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, for dealing with unfit houses; and for the purposes of this subsection any time during which the licence was in force in respect of the house shall be disregarded.

(6) Any licence issued under Regulation 68A or 68AA of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, and in force immediately before the commencement of this Act in respect of a house subject to a clearance order shall continue in force and have effect as if granted under this section and may be revoked thereunder accordingly.

54*—(1) Where a clearance order made before the thirtieth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, applies to a house which in the opinion of the local authority—

(a) is or can be rendered capable of providing accommoda-

tion of a standard which is adequate for the time being, or

(b) should be retained for either of the purposes mentioned

in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (3) of section forty-eight of this Act,

then, subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, the house may be acquired by the local authority under section forty-three of this Act notwithstanding that the clearance order has been made or that any proceedings have been taken in pursuance of the clearance order; and on the completion of the purchase of the house the clearance order shall cease to have effect so far as it relates to the house. 2

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not apply to a house as respects which a licence is for the time being in force under the last foregoing section.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

813

Re-development Areas

55.—(1) If the local authority for any urban area (that is to say, the City of London, the rest of the administrative county of London, a county borough, a non-county borough, or an urban district) are satisfied, as a result of an insprction carried out under section seventy-six of this Act or otherwise, that their district comprises any area in which the following conditions exist, that is to say—

(a) that the area contains fifty or more working-class houses;

(b) that at least one-third of the working-class houses in the area are overcrowded, or unfit for human habitation and not capable at a reasonable expense of being rendered so fit, or so arranged as to be congested;

(c) that the industrial and social conditions of their district are such that the area should be used to a substantial extent for housing the working classes; and

(d) that it is expedient in connection with the provision of housing accommodation for the working classes that the area should be re-developed as a whole;

it shall be the duty of the local authority to cause the area to be defined on a map, and to pass a resolution declaring the area so defined to be a proposed re-development area.

(2) As soon as may be after a local authority have passed a resolution under the foregoing subsection, they shall send a copy of the resolution and of the map to the Minister, and shall publish in one or more local newspapers circulating in their district a notice stating that the resolution has been passed and naming a place within their district where a copy of the resolution and of the map may be inspected.

(3) In so far as suitable accommodation is not available for persons who will be displaced from working-class houses in the carrying out of re-development in accordance with a re-develop-ment plan, it shall be the duty of the local authority to provide, or to secure the provision of, such accommodation in advance of the displacements from time to time becoming necessary as the re-development proceeds.

56.—(1) Within six months after a local authority have passed a resolution under the last foregoing section, or within such extended period as the Minister may allow, the authority shall prepare and submit to the Minister a re-development plan indicating the manner in which it is intended that the defined area should be laid out and the land therein used, whether for existing purposes or for purposes requiring the carrying out of re-development thereon, and in particular the land intended to

Part m

—cont.

Duty of local authority to secure redevelopment

Re-develop-meot plan.

814

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part III

—corr/.

be used for the provision of houses for the working classes, for streets and for open spaces.

(2) In the preparation of the plan the local authority shall have regard to the provisions of any development plan within the meaning of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, relating to the defined area or land in the neighbourhood thereof.

(3) Before submitting the plan to the Minister the local authority shall—

(a) publish in one or more local newspapers circulating in

their district a notice stating that die plan has been prepared and is about to be submitted to the Minister, naming a place within their district where the plan may be inspected, and specifying the time within which, and the manner in which, objections can be made; and

(b) serve a notice to the like effect on every owner, lessee

and occupier (except tenants for a month or any period less than a month) of land in the defined area and on all statutory undertakers owning apparatus in that area.

For the purposes of this subsection an occupier being a statutory tenant within the meaning of Part II of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, shall be deemed to be a tenant for a period less than a month.

(4) If no objection is duly made by any of the persons upon whom notices are required to be served, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the Minister may, if he thinks fit, approve the plan, either without modification or with such modifications as he thinks fit (including, if he thinks fit, the alteration of the defined area so as to exclude land therefrom, but not so as to add land thereto), but in any other case he shall, before approving the plan, cause a public local inquiry to be held and shall consider any objection not withdrawn and the report of the person who held the inquiry, and may thereafter approve the plan with or without any such modifications as aforesaid. 5

(5) On receipt of notice of the Minister’s approval the local authority shall publish in one or more local newspapers circulating in their district a notice stating that the re-development plan has been approved and naming a place within their district where a copy thereof may be inspected, and shall serve a like notice on every person who, having given notice to the Minister of his objection to the plan, appeared at the public local inquiry in support of his objection.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

815

(6) Where, after a re-development plan has been approved. Part m it appears to the local authority that any land in the —com. re-development area (that is to say the defined area or so much

thereof as is comprised in the plan as approved) ought to be re-developed or used otherwise than as indicated in the plan, the authority shall prepare and submit to the Minister a new plan as respects that land, and the provisions of this section with respect to publication, service of notices and approval by the Minister shall have effect in relation to the new plan, with the substitution of references to the new plan and to the land comprised therein for references to the re-development plan and to the defined area.

(7) The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the validity and date of operation of the Minister’s approval of a re-development plan or of a new plan.

(8) In the following provisions of this Act references to redevelopment or use in accordance with a re-development plan shall be construed as references to re-development or use in accordance with a re-development plan approved under this section or, in the case of land comprised in a new plan approved under this section, in accordance with the new plan.

57,—(1) When the Minister’s approval of a re-development Purchase of plan has become operative, the local authority may with the land for approval of the Minister purchase by agreement, or may be p^p08*8 authorised by means of an order made and submitted to the °p’ Minister and confirmed by him in accordance with Parts I and II of the Third Schedule to this Act to purchase compulsorily,—

(a) land in the re-development area; and

(b) any land outside that area which they may require for

the purpose of providing accommodation for persons occupying premises within that area which they have purchased or agreed to purchase, or in respect of which they have submitted compulsory purchase orders. 2 * * * * *

(2) It shall be the duty of the local authority within the

appropriate period specified in this subsection either to enter

into agreements with the approval of the Minister for the pur-

chase, or to make and submit to the Minister orders for the compulsory purchase, of all land in the re-development area

other than land in respect of which the local authority have within that period made arrangements with other persons for the

carrying out of re-development, or for securing the use of the land, in accordance with the re-development plan.

816

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Past in The appropriate period for the purposes of this subsection

—coni. shall be—

(a) in the case of land shown in the re-development plan

as intended for the provision of houses for the working classes, six months from the date when the Minister’s approval of the re-development plan becomes operative;

(b) in the case of other land in the re-development area, two years from that date;

or, in either case, such extended period as the Minister may, on the application of the local authority, allow in respect of any land.

(3) Where a local authority submit to the Minister an order for the compulsory purchase under this section of land which comprises or consists of a house which in their opinion is unfit for human habitation and not capable at reasonable expense of being rendered so fit, the order as submitted shall be in a form prescribed for the purpose of indicating that the house is in that condition, and, if the Minister is of opinion that the house is properly so indicated, the order as confirmed may authorise the authority to purchase the house as being in that condition.

(4) The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the validity and date of operation of a compulsory purchase order made under this section.

(5) Nothing in this section shall authorise the compulsory acquisition of any land which is the property of a local authority or is the property of statutory undertakers, having been acquired by them for the purposes of their undertaking, and the obligations imposed on the local authority by subsection (2) of this section shall not apply with respect to any such land.

(6) Land purchased by a local authority under this section for the provision of houses for the working classes shall be deemed to have been acquired by them under Part V of this Act

(7) Land purchased by a local authority under this section otherwise than for the provision of houses for the working classes may, with the consent of the Minister, be sold or leased to any person, or exchanged for other land which die local authority have power to acquire either with or without paying or receiving money for equality of exchange, subject in the case of land in the re-development area, to conditions for securing that it shall be re-developed or used in accordance with the redevelopment plan. 8

(8) When the Minister’s approval of a re-development plan has become operative and the plan comprises any land of the local authority, the provisions of this Act shall apply in relation to that land as if it had been land in the re-development area purchased by the authority under this section.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

817

(9) Nothing in the Rent Acts shall prevent possession being Part in obtained of any house possession of which is required for the purpose of enabling re-development in accordance with a redevelopment plan to be proceeded with.

58. As respects the administrative county of London other Local than the City of London the London County Council shall be the local authority for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to re-development areas: In London.

Provided that where a metropolitan borough council give notice in writing to the London County Council that in their opinion their district comprises an area (the limits of which shall be specified) which ought to be defined as a proposed re-development area, and that they intend to pass such a resolution as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section fifty-five of this Act, the metropolitan borough council shall, as respects that area and subject as hereinafter provided, be the local authority for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to re-development areas—

(a) if the London County Council within two months after

the date of the receipt by them of such notice do not notify the metropolitan borough council that they intend themselves to deal with the area as a re-develop-ment area or as part of a re-development area, or as a clearance area or part of a clearance area, or that they propose to acquire the area or any part thereof as a site for the erection of houses for the working classes; or

(b) if the London County Council notify the metropolitan

borough council that they do not so intend to deal with the area or any part thereof;

so, however, that—

(i) if a metropolitan borough council who become, in pursuance of this proviso, the local authority as respects that area do not submit to the Minister a re-develop-ment plan relating to that area within a period of two years after the date on which the metropolitan borough council so became the local authority, or such further period as may be approved by the Minister; or

<ii) if the Minister decides that the area is not a suitable one to be dealt with by the metropolitan borough council;

the metropolitan borough council shall cease to be, and the London County Council shall be, the local authority as aforesaid as respects that area without prejudice to the rights of the metropolitan borough council to give a further notice under this proviso to the London County Council.

818

Ch. 56

Housing Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part in

—cont.

Compensation for land purchased compulsorily.

Payments in respect of well-maintained houses.

General provisions as to land affected by provisions of Part III

59. —(1) Where land is purchased compulsorily by a local authority under this Part of this Act, the compensation payable in respect thereof shall be assessed in accordance with the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) The compensation to be paid for land, including any buildings thereon, purchased as being land comprised in a clearance area shall be the value at the time the valuation is made of the land as a site cleared of buildings and available for development in accordance with the requirements of the building byelaws for the time being in force in the district:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect in the case of the site of a house or other building properly included in a clearance area only on the ground that by reason of its bad arrangement in relation to other buildings or the narrowness or bad arrangement of the streets, it is dangerous or injurious to the health of the inhabitants of the area, unless it is a building constructed or adapted as, or for the purposes of, a dwelling, or partly for those purposes and partly for other purposes, and part thereof (not being a part used for other purposes) is unfit for human habitation.

(3) The compensation to be paid for a house which the local authority are authorised to purchase under section fifty-seven of this Act as being unfit for human habitation and not capable at reasonable expense of being rendered so fit shall be assessed in like manner as if it had been land purchased as being comprised in a clearance area.

(4) In the case of land, other than land in respect of which the provisions of subsection (2) or (3) of this section have effect, the rules specified in Part III of the Third Schedule to this Act shall be observed.

60. —(1) Where as respects a house—

(a) which is made the subject of a compulsory purchase

order under this Part of this Act as being unfit for human habitation, or

(b) which is made the subject of a clearance order,

the Minister is satisfied, after causing the house to be inspected by an officer of his department, that it has been well maintained, the Minister may give directions for the making by the local authority of a payment in respect of the house under this section of such amount, if any, as is authorised by Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) A payment under this section shall be made—

(a) if the house is occupied by an owner thereof, to him; or

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

819

(b) if the house is not so occupied, to the person or persons liable under any enactment, covenant or agreement to maintain and repair the house, and if more than one person is so liable, in such shares as the authority think equitable in the circumstances:

Provided that, if any other person satisfies the local authority that the good maintenance of the house is attributable to a material extent to work carried out by him or at his expense, the local authority may, if it appears to them to be equitable in the circumstances, make the payment, in whole or in part, to him.

61. The provisions of Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect as respects payments to be made in certain cases in respect of houses comprised in a clearance area or re-development area.

62.—(1) Where a local authority—

(a) have agreed to purchase land under this Part of this

Act, or

(b) have determined to appropriate land for the purposes

of the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to clearance areas,

subject to the interest of the person in possession thereof, and that interest is not greater than that of a tenant for a year or from year to year, then, at any time after the agreement has been made, or the appropriation has been approved by the Minister, the local authority may, after giving to the person so in possession not less than fourteen days notice, enter on and take possession of the land or such part thereof as is specified in the notice without previous consent.

(2) The exercise of a local authority’s power under the foregoing subsection shall be subject to the payment to the person so in possession of the like compensation for the land of which possession is taken, and interest on the compensation awarded, as would have been payable if the local authority had been authorised to purchase the land compulsorily and that person had in pursuance of their powers in that behalf been required to quit possession before the expiration of his term or interest in the land, but without any necessity for compliance with sections eighty-four to ninety of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

Part in

—cont.

Temporary provisions for payments to owner-occupiers and others.

Power of entry on land to be purchased by agreement under Part III or

appropriated for the purposes of clearance areas.

820

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part m

—cant.

Power of local authority to make allowances to persons displaced.

Extinguishment of rights of ways, easements, &c.

63.—(1) A local authority may pay to any person displaced from a house or other building—

(a) to which a clearance order applies, or

(b) which has been purchased by them under the provisions

of this Part of this Act relating to clearance areas, or

(c) which has been purchased by them under the provisions

of this Part of this Act relating to redevelopment areas as being unfit for human habitation and not capable at reasonable expense of being rendered so fit,

such reasonable allowance as they think fit towards his expenses in removing, and to any person carrying on any trade or business in any such house or other building, they may pay also such reasonable allowance as they think fit towards the loss which, in their opinion, he will sustain by reason of the disturbance of his trade or business consequent on his having to quit the house or building, and in estimating that loss they shall have regard to the period for which the premises occupied by him might reasonably have been expected to be available for the purpose of his trade or business and the availability of other premises suitable for that purpose.

(2) Where, as a result of action taken by a local authority under the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to clearance areas, the population of the locality is materially decreased, they may pay to any person carrying on a retail shop in the locality such reasonable allowance as they think fit towards any loss involving personal hardship which in their opinion he will thereby sustain, but in estimating any such loss they shall have regard to the probable future development of the locality.

64.—(1) A local authority may, with the approval of the Minister, by order extinguish any public right of way over any land purchased by them under this Part of this Act, but an order made by an authority under this subsection shall be published in the prescribed manner, and if any objection thereto is made to the Minister before the expiration of six weeks from the publication thereof, the Minister shall not approve the order until he has caused a public local inquiry to be held into the matter.

(2) Where a local authority have resolved to purchase under this Part of this Act land over which a public right of way exists, it shall be lawful under the foregoing subsection for the authority to make and the Minister to approve, in advance of the purchase, an order extinguishing that right as from the date on which the buildings on the land are vacated, or at the expiration of such period after that date as may be specified in the order, or as the Minister in approving the order may direct.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

821

(3) Upon the completion by a local authority of the purchase Part in by them of any land under this Part of this Act, all private rights of way and all rights of laying down, erecting, continuing, or maintaining any apparatus on, under or over that land and all other rights or easements in or relating to that land shall be extinguished and any such apparatus shall vest in the local authority, and any person who suffers loss by the extinguishment or vesting of any such right or apparatus as aforesaid shall be entitled to be paid by the local authority compensation to be determined under and in accordance with the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any right vested in statutory undertakers of laying down, erecting, continuing or maintaining any apparatus, or to any apparatus belonging to statutory undertakers, and shall have effect as respects other matters subject to any agreement which may be made between the local authority and the person in or to whom the right or apparatus in question is vested or belongs.

65.—(1) Where the removal or alteration of apparatus Provisions as belonging to statutory undertakers on, under, or over land pur- aStS£tu# chased by a local authority under this Part of this Act, or on, undertaken, under, or over a street running over, or through, or adjoining any such land, is reasonably necessary for the purpose of enabling the authority to exercise any of the powers conferred upon them by the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, the local authority shall have power to execute works for the removal or alteration of the apparatus subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this section.

(2) A local authority who intend to remove or alter any apparatus under the powers conferred by the foregoing subsection shall serve on the undertakers notice in writing of their intention with particulars of the proposed works and of the manner in which they are to be executed, and plans and sections thereof, and shall not commence any works until the expiration of a period of twenty-eight days from the date of service of the notice, and the undertakers may within that period by notice in writing served on the authority—

(a) object to the execution of the works or any of them on

the ground that they are not necessary for the purpose aforesaid; or

(b) state requirements to which, in their opinion, effect

ought to be given as to the manner of, or the observance of conditions in, the execution of the works, as to riie execution of other works for the protection of other apparatus belonging to the undertakers or as to the execution of other works for the provision of substituted apparatus whether permanent or temporary;

822

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 ELiz. 2

Part in

—cont.

and—

(i) if objection is so made to any works and not withdrawn,

the local authority shall not execute the works unless they are determined by arbitration to be so necessary;

(ii) if any such requirement as aforesaid is so made and not withdrawn, the local authority shall give effect thereto unless it is determined by arbitration to be unreasonable.

(3) A local authority shall make to statutory undertakers reasonable compensation for any damage which is sustained by them by reason of the execution by the authority of any works under subsection (I) of this section and which is not made good by the provision of substituted apparatus.

Any question as to the right of undertakers to recover compensation under this subsection or as to the amount thereof shall be determined by arbitration.

(4) Where the removal or alteration of apparatus belonging to statutory undertakers, or the execution of works for the provision of substituted apparatus, whether permanent or temporary, is reasonably necessary for the purposes of their undertaking by reason of the stopping up, diversion, or alteration of the level or width of a street by a local authority under powers exercisable by virtue of this Act, they may, by notice in writing served on the authority, require them at the expense of the authority to remove or alter the apparatus or to execute the works, and where any such requirement is so made and not withdrawn, the local authority shall give effect thereto unless they serve notice in writing on the undertakers of their objection to the requirement within twenty-eight days from the date of service of the notice upon them and the requirement is determined by arbitration to be unreasonable.

(5) At least seven days before commencing any works which they are authorised or required under the foregoing provisions of this section to execute, the local authority shall, except in case of emergency, serve on the undertakers notice in writing of their intention so to do, and the works shall be executed by the authority under the superintendence (at the expense of the authority) and to the reasonable satisfaction of the undertakers:

Provided that, if within seven days from the date of service on them of notice under this subsection the undertakers so elect, they shall themselves execute the works in accordance with the reasonable directions and to the reasonable satisfaction of the authority, and the reasonable costs thereof shall be repaid to the undertakers by the authority.

(6) Any difference arising between statutory undertakers and a local authority under the last foregoing subsection and any

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

823

matter which is by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Part III section to be determined by arbitration shall— —com.

(a) in the case of a question arising under subsection (3)

of this section be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal;

(b) in any other case, be referred to and determined by an

arbitrator to be appointed, in default of agreement, by the Minister.

(7) In this section references to the alteration of apparatus include references to diversion and to alterations of position or level.

66. The London County Council may, on any land purchased Power to by them in connection with a clearance area, lay out and con- c?°*£'uct struct and sewer such new streets and such widenings and clearance areas improvements of existing streets as they think fit, and all new in London, streets and new parts of streets so constructed by them shall, when completed, become repairable by the council of the metropolitan borough.

Costs of opposing orders, etc.

67.—(1) The Minister may make such order as he thinks fit Provisions as in favour of any owner of any lands included in a clearance to °°sts of order, or in a compulsory purchase order made under this Part of this Act, or in a re-development plan or a new plan, for the ordere and as allowance of reasonable expenses properly incurred by the owner to costs of in opposing the order or the approval of the plan. Minister.

(2) All expenses incurred by the Minister in relation to any such order or approval as aforesaid, to such amount as the Minister thinks proper to direct, and all expenses of any person to such amount as may be allowed to him by the Minister in pursuance of the aforesaid power, shall be deemed to be expenses incurred by the local authority under this Part of this Act, and shall be paid to the Minister and to that person respectively ir> such manner and at such times, and either in one sum or by instalments, as the Minister may order; and the Minister may order interest to be paid at such rate not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum as he thinks fit upon any sum for the time being due in respect of such expenses as aforesaid.

(3) Any order made by the Minister in pursuance of this section may be made a rule of the High Court, and be enforced accordingly.

824

Part Hi

—COM.

Re-develop* meat by owners.

Certificates as to condition of houses.

Ch. 56 Housing A, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Re-development and re-conditioning by owners

68, —(1) Any persons proposing to undertake the re-development of land may submit particulars of their proposals to the local authority, who shall consider the proposals and, if they appear to the authority to be satisfactory, shall give to the persons by whom they were submitted notice to that effect, specifying times within which the several parts of the redevelopment are to be carried out, and if and so long as the re-development is being proceeded with in accordance with the proposals and within the specified time limits, subject to any variation or extension approved by the authority, no action shall be taken in relation to the land under any of the powers conferred by Part II, or the foregoing provisions of this Part, of this Act.

(2) Where the local authority are satisfied that, for the purpose of enabling re-development to be carried out in accordance with proposals which have been submitted as aforesaid and in respect of which the authority have given notice of their satisfaction, it is necessary that any dwelling-house to which the Rent Acts apply should be vacated, and that suitable alternative accommodation within the meaning of Part IV of this Act is available for the tenant or will be available for him at a future date, the authority may issue to the landlord a certificate that such suitable alternative accommodation is available for the tenant or will be available for him by that future date, and a certificate so issued shall, for the purposes of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933, have the like effect as if it had been such a certificate as mentioned in subsection (2) of section three of that Act with respect to accommodation to be provided forthwith or on that future date, as the case may be.

69. —(1) Any owner of a house in respect of which works of improvement (otherwise than by way of decoration or repair) or structural alteration are proposed to be executed, may submit a list of the proposed works to the local authority with a request in writing that the authority shall inform him whether in their opinion the house would, after the execution of those works, or of those works together with any additional works, be fit for human habitation and would, with reasonable care and maintenance, remain so fit for a period of at least five years.

(2) As soon as may be after receipt of such a list and request as aforesaid the local authority shall take the list into consideration and shall inform the owner whether they are of opinion as aforesaid or not, and in a case where they are of that opinion, shall furnish him with a list of the additional works (if any) appearing to them to be required.

(3) Where the local authority have stated that they are of opinion as aforesaid and the work specified in the list submitted

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

825

to them, together with any additional works specified in a list furnished by them, have been executed to their satisfaction, they shall, on the application of any owner of the house, and upon payment by him of a fee of one shilling, issue to him a certificate that the house is fit for human habitation and will with reasonable care and maintenance remain so fit for a period (being a period of not less than five nor more than ten years) to be specified in the certificate.

(4) During the period specified in a certificate given under this section, no action shall be taken under the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to clearance areas with a view to the demolition of the house as being unfit for human habitation, or under sections sixteen to eighteen of this Act.

(5) In this section the expression " improvement " includes the provision of additional or improved fixtures or fittings.

70. —(1) The provisions of the two last foregoing sections shall not have effect in the case of premises comprised in a clearance order confirmed by the Minister or in a compulsory purchase order so confirmed under the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to clearance areas, or in the case of premises comprised in a demolition order made under Part II of this Act which has become operative, or in the case of premises comprised in a re-development plan approved by him.

(2) Where proposals are submitted to a local authority under either of the two last foregoing sections in relation to premises not comprised in a clearance or compulsory purchase order or re-development plan so confirmed or approved as aforesaid but comprised in an area which has been defined as a clearance area or as a proposed re-development area, the authority may, in lieu of proceeding as mentioned in that section, transmit the proposals to the Minister and the Minister shall deal with the proposals in connection with the consideration by him of the clearance order or compulsory purchase order, or of the redevelopment plan, as the case may be, as if the proposals had been objections to the order or plan made on the date on which the proposals were submitted to the authority, and if, in confirming the order or plan, the Minister excludes the premises from the clearance area or the re-development area, the authority shall thereupon proceed in relation to the proposals as mentioned in the said section and the provisions thereof shall have effect accordingly.

71. —(1) As respects the administrative county of London other than the City of London the metropolitan borough council shall be the local authority for the purposes of the three last foregoing sections.

(2) Before deciding to treat as satisfactory any proposals submitted to them for such re-development as is mentioned in

Part III

—COtltm

Re-development, &c. by owners: excepted cases.

Local authority for re-development, &cM by owners in London.

826

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part 111

—cont.

Power of local authority to order

demolition of

obstructive

building.

section sixty-eight of this Act, a metropolitan borough council shall consult the London County Council and shall obtain their approval to the proposals:

Provided that if, within a period of two months from the date on which the metropolitan borough council first inform the London County Council in writing of any such proposals, the latter council fail to give notice to the metropolitan borough council of their approval of, or their refusal to approve the proposals, the London County Council shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto for the purposes of. this section.

Demolition of obstructive buildings

72.—(1) The local authority may serve upon the owner or owners of a building which appears to the authority to be an obstructive building notice of the time (being some time not less than twenty-one days after the service of the notice) and place at which the question of ordering the building to be demolished will be considered by the authority; and the owner or owners shall be entitled to be heard when the matter is so taken into consideration.

(2) If, after so taking the matter into consideration, the authority are satisfied that the building is an obstructive building and that the building or any part thereof ought to be demolished, they may make a demolition order requiring that the building or that part thereof shall be demolished, and that the building, or such part thereof as is required to be vacated for the purposes of the demolition, shall be vacated within two months from the date on which the order becomes operative, and if they do so, shall serve a copy of the order upon the owner or owners of the building.

(3) Any person aggrieved by a demolition order made under this section may, within twenty-one days after the date of the service of the order, appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the order relates are situated and no proceedings shall be taken by the local authority to enforce any such order in relation to which an appeal is brought before the appeal has been finally determined, 90, however, that no appeal shall lie at the instance of a person who is in occupation of the premises to which the order relates under a lease or agreement of which the unexpired term does not exceed three years.

On an appeal under this subsection the judge may make such order either confirming or quashing or varying the order as he thinks fit, and sections thirty-seven and thirty-eight of this Act shall apply to any such appeal.

(4) In this section the expression " obstructive building " means a building which, by reason only of its contact with, or proximity to, other buildings, is dangerous or injurious to health.

1957

Housing Act, 1957

Ch. 56

827

Part m

(5) This section shall not apply to a building which is the property of statutory undertakers, unless it is used for the purposes of a dwelling, showroom, or office, or which is the property of a local authority.

73.—(1) Where a demolition order under the foregoing pro- Recovery of visions of this Part of this Act has become operative, the local of

authority shall serve on the occupier of any building, or any subject to part of any building, to which the order relates a notice— demolition

(a) stating the effect of the order, KtrtnL

(6) specifying the date by which the order requires the building to be vacated, and

(c) requiring him to quit the building before the said date or before the expiration of twenty-eight days from the service of the notice, whichever may be the later.

(2) If at any time after the date on which the notice requires the building to be vacated any person is in occupation of the building, or of any part thereof, the local authority or any owner of a building may make complaint to a magistrates* court and thereupon the court shall by its warrant in the form set out in the Schedule to the Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838, or in a form to the like effect, order vacant possession of the building, or of the part thereof, to be given to the complainant within such period not being less than two weeks nor more than four weeks as the court may determine.

(3) Any person who, knowing that a demolition order under this Part of this Act has become operative and applies to any building, enters into occupation of that building, or of any part thereof, after the date by which the order requires that building to be vacated, or permits any other person to enter into such occupation after that date, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and to a further fine of five pounds for every day, or part of a day, on which the occupation continues after conviction.

(4) Nothing in the Rent Acts shall be deemed to affect the provisions of this section relating to the obtaining possession of a building.

74.—(1) If, before the expiration of the period within which a Effect of order building in respect of which a demolition order is made under fi» <}®"?Ktion this Part of this Act is thereby required to be vacated, any owner or owners, whose estate or interest, or whose combined 0 <ung* estates or interests, in the building and the site thereof is or are such that the acquisition thereof by the local authority would enable the local authority to carry out the demolition provided

828

Ch. 56

Housing Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part HI

—con/.

for by the order, make to the local authority an offer for the sale of that interest, or of those interests, to the local authority at a price to be assessed, as if it were compensation for a compulsory purchase subject to observance of the rules specified in Part III of the Third Schedule to this Act, the authority shall accept the offer and shall, as soon as possible after obtaining possession, carry out the demolition.

(2) If no such offer as is mentioned in the foregoing subsection is made before the expiration of the said period, the owner or owners of the building shall carry out the demolition provided for by the order before the expiration of six weeks from the last day of that period, or, if the building, or such part thereof as is required to be vacated, is not vacated until after that day, before the expiration of six weeks from the day on which it is vacated or, in either case, before the expiration of such longer period as in the circumstances the local authority deem reasonable, and if the demolition is not so carried out the local authority shall enter and carry out the demolition and sell the materials rendered available thereby.

(3) The provisions of subsections (2) to (5) of section twenty-three of this Act shall apply in relation to any expenses incurred by a local authority under the last foregoing subsection and to any surplus remaining in the hands of the authority, as they apply in relation to any expenses or surplus in a case where a house is demolished in pursuance of a demolition order made under Part II of this Act, with the substitution of references to the building demolished under this section for references to the premises demolished under the said section twenty-three.

(4) Where the demolition of a building is carried out under subsection (2) of this section, either by the owner or owners thereof or by the local authority, compensation shall be paid by the authority to the owner or owners in respect of loss arising from the demolition, and that compensation shall, notwithstanding that no land is acquired compulsorily by the local authority, be assessed in accordance with the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, subject to observance of the rules set out in Part III of the Third Schedule to this Act except that paragraphs (2) to (6) of section two of the said Act of 1919 shall not apply and that paragraph (1) of the said section two shall have effect with the substitution of a reference to demolition for the reference to acquisition.

(5) Subsection (1) of section thirty-three of this Act shall have effect for the purpose of enabling the owner of a house to obtain notice of any proceedings for the making of a demolition order under this Part of this Act with respect to the house.

1957

Housing Act, 1957

Ch. 56

829

(6) Nothing in the provisions of this Part of this Act relating Part in to demolition orders shall prejudice or interfere with the rights —cont. or remedies of any owner for the breach, non-observance or nonperformance of any covenant or contract entered into by a tenant or lessee in reference to any house in respect of which such an order is made; and if any owner is obliged to take possession of a house in order to comply with any such order, the taking possession shall not affect his right to avail himself of any such breach, non-observance or non-performance which has occurred before he so took possession.

75. As respects the administrative county of London other Local than the City of London the metropolitan borough council shall authority for be the local authority for the purposes of the three last foregoing oStruSvc of sections. buildings in

London.

Part IV Abatement of Overcrowding General provisions

76, If it appears to a local authority that occasion has Duty of local arisen for a report on overcrowding in their district, or any authority to part thereof, in addition to the report made by them under sub-maker^m section (1) of section fifty-seven of the Housing Act, 1936, and proposals before the commencement of this Act, or the Minister so directs, as to over-it shall be the duty of the authority to cause a further inspection crowding, to be made and to prepare and submit a report showing the result of the inspection and the number of new houses required in order to abate overcrowding in the district or the part of the district and, unless they are satisfied that the required number of new houses will be otherwise provided, to prepare and submit to the Minister proposals for the provision thereof.

Where the Minister gives a direction under this section he may, after consultation with the local authority, fix dates before which the performance of the said duties is to be completed.

77,—(1) A dwelling-house shall be deemed for the purposes Definition of of this Act to be overcrowded at any time when the number of overcrowding, persons sleeping in the house either—

(a) is such that any two of those persons, being persons

ten years old or more of opposite sexes and not being persons living together as husband and wife, must sleep in the same room; or

(b) is, in relation to the number and floor area of the rooms of whifch die house consists, in excess of the permitted number of persons as defined in the Sixth Schedule to this Act.

830

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV <2) In determining for the purposes of this section the number —com. of persons sleeping in a house, no account shall be taken of a child under one year old, and a child who has attained one year and is under ten years old shall be reckoned as one-half of a unit.

Offences in 78.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act.

relation to if the occupier or the landlord of a dwelling-house causes or overcrowding, permits it to be overcrowded, he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds and to a further fine not exceeding two pounds in respect of every day subsequent to the day on which he is * convicted on which the offence continues.

(2) The occupier of a dwelling-house which was occupied on the appointed day shall not be guilty of an offence under this section in respect of the overcrowding thereof so long as all the persons sleeping in the house are persons who were living there on the appointed day and have thereafter lived there continuously, or children born after that day of any of those persons, unless—

(a) suitable alternative accommodation is offered to the occupier and he fails to accept it; or

(b) suitable alternative accommodation is offered to some

person living in the house who is not a member of the occupier’s family and whose removal is reasonably practicable in all the circumstances, and the occupier fails to require his removal.

(3) Where a dwelling-hou$e which would not otherwise be overcrowded becomes overcrowded by reason of a child attaining one of the ages referred to in the last foregoing section, then, if the occupier applies to the local authority for suitable alternative accommodation or has so applied before the date when the child attains that age, he shall not be guilty of an offence under this section in respect of the overcrowding of the house after the date of his application, so long as all the persons sleeping in the house are persons who were living there on the date when the child attained that age and thereafter continuously live there, or children bom after that date of any of those persons, unless—

(a) suitable alternative accommodation is offered to the

occupier on or after the date when the child attains that age, or, if he has applied before that date, is offered at any time after the application, and he fails to accept it; or

(b) the removal from the house of sotfie person not a member of the occupier’s family is on that date or thereafter becomes reasonably practicable having regard

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

831

to all the circumstances (including the availability of suitable alternative accommodation for that person), and the occupier fails to require his removal.

(4) Where the persons sleeping in an overcrowded house include a member of the occupier’s family who does not live there but is sleeping there temporarily, the occupier shall not be guilty of an offence under this section in respect of the overcrowding of the house unless the circumstances are such that he would be so guilty if that member of his family were not sleeping in the house.

(5) The landlord of an overcrowded house shall be deemed to cause or permit it to be overcrowded—

(a) if, after notice in writing that it is overcrowded in such

circumstances as to render the occupier thereof guilty of an offence has been served upon the landlord or his agent by the local authority, the landlord fails to take such steps as it is reasonably open to him to take for securing the abatement of the overcrowding, including if necessary legal proceedings for possession of the house; or

(b) if, when letting the house the landlord, or any person

effecting the letting on the landlord’s behalf, had reasonable cause to believe that it would become overcrowded in such circumstances as to render the proposed occupier thereof guilty of an offence, or failed to make inquiries of the proposed occupier as to the number, age and sex of persons who would be allowed to sleep in the house; and not otherwise.

79.—(1) Where, on the representation of the local authority and after consultation with the Central Housing Advisory Committee constituted under section one hundred and forty-three of this Act, the Minister is satisfied that dwelling-houses consisting of few rooms, or comprising rooms of exceptional floor area, constitute so large a proportion of the housing accommodation in the district of the authority, or in any part thereof, that the application of the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act throughout the district, or that part thereof, immediately after the appointed day would be impracticable, he may by order direct that, in relation to those houses or to such of them as are of a specified type, the said provisions shall, during such period, not exceeding three years from the coming into operation of the order, as may be specified therein and any extension of that period which the Minister may allow, have effect subject to such modifications for increasing the permitted number of persons as may be specified therein, and the order may specify different modifications in relation to different types of houses.

Part IV

—cont.

Power ol Minister to increase the permitted number temporarily to meet exceptional conditions.

832

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—cont.

Power of local authority to authorise the temporary use of a house by persons in excess of the permitted number.

Entries in rent books, information and certificates with respect to the permitted number.

(2) After consultation with the said Committee and the local authority, the Minister may by order revoke any such order as aforesaid, or vary the provisions of any such order either as respects the modifications specified therein or as respects the houses to which the modifications apply or as respects both.

(3) The power of making orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

80. —(1) Where it appears to the local authority, having regard to the existence of exceptional circumstances, to be expedient so to do, they may, on the application of the occupier or intending occupier of a dwelling-house in their district, grant him a licence authorising him to permit such number of persons in excess of the permitted number as may be specified in the licence to sleep in the house.

(2) A licence granted under this section shall be in the prescribed form and may be granted either unconditionally or subject to any conditions specified therein.

(3) A licence granted under this section shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force for such period (not exceeding twelve months) as may be specified therein, but may be revoked by the local authority at their discretion by means of a notice in writing served upon the occupier and specifying a period (not being less than one month from the date of the service of the notice) at the expiration of which the licence is to cease to be in force.

(4) A copy of any licence granted under this section, and of any notice served thereunder, shall be served by the local authority on the landlord, if any, of the dwelling-house to which it relates within seven days after the issue of the licence or the service of the notice on the occupier, as the case may be.

(5) The occupier of a dwelling-house shall not be guilty of an offence under section seventy-eight of this Act by reason of anything done by him under the authority of, and in accordance with any conditions specified in, a licence in force under this section.

(6) A local authority may take into consideration a seasonal increase of population in their district as an exceptional circumstance to which regard is to be had for the purposes of this section.

81. —(1) Every rent book or similar document used in relation to a dwelling-house by or on behalf of the landlord thereof shall contain a summary in the prescribed form of the provisions of sections seventy-seven, seventy-eight and eighty of this Act and a statement of the permitted number of persons

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

833

in relation to the house, and if any such book or document not containing such summary and statement as aforesaid is used by or on behalf of the landlord he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

An occupier of a dwelling-house who is required by an officer of the local authority duly authorised in that behalf to produce for inspection by the authority any rent book or similar document which is being used in relation to the house and is in the custody of the occupier or under his control shall, on being so required as aforesaid or within seven days thereafter, produce any such book or document to the officer or at the offices of the authority, and if he fails so to do he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two pounds.

* (2) It shall be the duty of the local authority, upon the

application of the landlord, or of the occupier, of a dwelling-house, to inform the applicant in writing of the number of persons constituting the permitted number in relation to the house, and a statement inserted in a rent book or similar document under the foregoing subsection shall be deemed to be a sufficient and correct statement if it agrees with information given under this subsection.

(3) The Minister may prescribe the manner in which the floor area of a room is to be ascertained for the purposes of the Sixth Schedule to this Act, and the regulations may provide for the exclusion from computation, or for the bringing into computation at a reduced figure, of floor space in any part of a room which is of less than a specified height not exceeding eight feet

(4) A certificate of the local authority stating the number and floor areas of the rooms in a dwelling-house, and that the floor areas thereof have been ascertained in the prescribed manner, shall, for the purposes of any legal proceedings, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.

82. The local authority shall have power to publish information for the assistance of landlords and occupiers of dwelling-houses as to their rights and duties under the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to overcrowding and as to the enforcement thereof.

83. Where it comes to the knowledge of the landlord of a dwelling-house or of his agent that it is overcrowded then, unless notice thereof has already been given to the local authority, the landlord or his agent, as the case may be, shall within seven days after that fact first comes to his knowledge give notice thereof to them, and if he fails so to do he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two pounds:

2D

Part IV —com.

Information as to rights and duties as respects overcrowding.

Duty of landlord to inform local authority of overcrowding.

834

Part IV

—amt.

Right of landlord to obtain

possession of overcrowded house.

Enforcement of Part IV.

Ch. 56 Housing Ac, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Provided that this section shall not apply to overcrowding which existed on the appointed day, or has been notified to die landlord or to his agent by the local authority, or is constituted by the use of the house for sleeping by such number of persons as the occupier is authorised to permit to sleep there by a licence in force under this Part of this Act.

84. Where a dwelling-house is overcrowded in such circumstances as to render the occupier thereof guilty of an offence* nothing in the Rent Acts shall prevent the landlord from obtaining possession of the house.

85.—(1) It shall be the duty of the local authority to enforce the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act as respects dwelling-houses in their district, and a prosecution for an offence against the said provisions shall not be instituted otherwise than by the local authority:

Provided that such a prosecution may be instituted against the local authority themselves by another person with the consent of the Attorney-General.

(2) The local authority may serve upon the occupier of a dwelling-house which is overcrowded in such circumstances as to render him guilty of an offence notice in writing requiring him to abate the overcrowding before the expiration of fourteen days from the date of the service of the notice, and, if at any time within three months from the expiration of that period the house is in the occupation of the person upon whom the notice was served or of a member of his family and is overcrowded in such circumstances as to render the occupier guilty of an offence, the local authority may make complaint to a magistrates' court and thereupon the court shall, by its warrant in the form set out in the Schedule to the Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838, or in a form to the like effect, order vacant possession of the dwelling-house to be given to the landlord within such period, not being less than fourteen nor more than twenty-eight days, as they may determine.

Any expenses incurred by the local authority under this subsection in securing the giving of possession of a dwelling-house to the landlord may be recovered by them from him sununarily as a civil debt.

(3) For the purpose of enabling them to discharge their duties under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, the local authority may serve notice on the occupier of a dwelling-house requiring him to furnish them within fourteen days with a statement in writing of the number, ages and sexes of the persons

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

835

sleeping in the house, and, if the occupier makes default in com- Part IV plying with the requirement or furnishes a statement which to his knowledge is false in any material particular, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two pounds.

86. Regulations prescribing the duties to be performed by Duty of

medical officers of health of boroughs and urban and rural dis- medical officers tricts, and by medical officers of health in London, made of

by die Minister under section one hundred and eight of the SwrrrnwH«ng Local Government Act, 1933, and section seventy-nine of

the London Government Act, 1939, respectively, shall include provisions for imposing on those officers a duty to furnish annually to the Minister particulars with respect to conditions in relation to overcrowding, and in particular to furnish to him particulars of any cases in which dwelling-houses in respect of which the local authority have taken steps for the abatement of overcrowding have again become overcrowded.

87. In the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, and Definitions for in the Sixth Schedule to this Act, except where the context other- purposes of wise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby Part IV. assigned to them respectively: —

"the appointed day" means, in the application of this Part of this Act to any locality, the day appointed as respects that locality for the purposes of the provisions reproduced in this Part of this Act;

" dwelling-house " means any premises used as a separate dwelling by members of the working classes or of a type suitable for such use;

" landlord " means the immediate landlord of an occupier and includes, in relation to an occupier of a dwelling-house who holds under a contract of employment under which the provision of the house for his occupation forms part of his remuneration, his employer, and "agent" means, in relation to the landlord of a dwelling-house, a person who collects rent in respect thereof on behalf of the landlord or is authorised by him so to do, or, in the case of a dwelling-house occupied by a person who holds as aforesaid, a person who pays remuneration to the occupier on behalf of the employer or is authorised by him so to do;

" room " does not include any room of a type not normally used in the locality either as a living room or as a bedroom;

" suitable alternative accommodation " means, in relation to the occupier of a dwelling-house, a dwelling-house as to

2 D 2

836

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—cont.

Local

authority for overcrowding in London.

which the following conditions are satisfied, that is to say—

(a) the house must be a house in which the occupier and his family can live without causing it to be overcrowded;

(b) the local authority must certify the house to be suitable to the needs of the occupier and his family as respects security of tenure and proximity to place of work and otherwise and to be suitable in relation to his means; and

(c) if the house belongs to the local authority, they must certify it to be suitable to the needs of the occupier and his family as respects accommodation and for the purposes of this paragraph they shall treat a house containing two bedrooms as providing accommodation for four persons, and a house containing three bedrooms as providing accommodation for five persons, and a house containing four bedrooms as providing accommodation for seven persons.

88.—(1) As respects the administrative county of London other than the City of London, the metropolitan borough council shall be the local authority for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act other than the provisions of section seventy-six of this Act relating to the submission of proposals for the provision of new houses required in order to abate overcrowding:

Provided that—

(a) the metropolitan borough council shall, instead of sub-

mitting their report under section seventy-six of this Act to the Minister, submit the report to the London County Council;

(b) the London County Council shall take into consideration

die statements in the report as to the number of new houses required in order to abate overcrowding in the borough and shall, in the event of their not agreeing with the conclusions arrived at, consult with the metropolitan borough council thereon with a view to the amendment of the statements by agreement between the two councils;

(c) the London County Council shall transmit to the Minister the report of the metropolitan borough council or such report revised as hereinbefore provided as the case may require.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

837

(2) As respects the administrative county of London other Part IV than the City of London, the London County Council shall be —coat. the local authority for the purposes of the provisions of section seventy-six of this Act relating to the submission of proposals

for the provision of new houses required in order to abate overcrowding:

Provided that—

(a) if a metropolitan borough council propose to provide houses themselves for the purpose of abating overcrowding, they shall, when submitting to the London County Council their report under section seventy-six of this Act, or as soon as may be thereafter, submit to the county council proposals for the provision of such houses;

tb) if the London County Council are of opinion that, having regard to the amount of suitable land available in the borough for the purpose of the provision of such houses, to the financial and other resources of the metropolitan borough council for such provision, or to any other relevant consideration to be stated by the county council in writing at the time, the metropolitan borough council will not be in a position to provide within a reasonable time or at a reasonable cost the number of new houses proposed by them, die county council shall consult with the metropolitan borough council with a view to the revision of the proposals by agreement between the two councils;

Ic) the London County Council, when submitting their proposals under section seventy-six of this Act for the county, shall transmit to the Minister copies of any proposals made by a metropolitan borough council, or such proposals as revised as hereinbefore provided, as the case may be.

(3) If any difference arises between the London County Council and a metropolitan borough council as to the number of houses to be stated in the report as required in order to abate overcrowding within the borough, or as to the provision of such houses by the metropolitan borough council, the difference shall be referred to the Minister, whose decision shall be final.

89. The London County Council may, if they think fit as Contributions J respects any period, pay to a metropolitan borough council a sum by London equal to one-half of the expenses incurred by the last-mentioned to

council in the remuneration of any person specifically employed expenses in by that council for the purpose of rendering clerical or other relation to assistance to a public health inspector in connection with— overcrowding,

in) any inspection of the borough made by the metropolitan borough council with a view to ascertaining what

838

Part IV

—cont.

Overcrowding in houses let in lodgings.

Ch. 56 Housing A, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

dwelling-houses therein are overcrowded, and the preparation of the report thereon; and

(b) the enforcement of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act:

Provided that the London County Council shall not be required to pay any sum to a metropolitan borough council under this subsection unless the following conditions are satisfied in relation to that council, that is to say—

(i) the metropolitan borough council must obtain the prior

approval of the London County Council to the number of persons to be so employed and their rate of remuneration;

(ii) the metropolitan borough council must comply with

such reasonable conditions as the London County Council may think fit to impose as to the rate of progress to be made with respect to the inspection of the borough, and as to the arrangements to be made for the carrying out by the metropolitan borough council of their duties in relation to overcrowding; and

(iii) the metropolitan borough council must submit to the London County Council at the end of each year information as to the steps taken in connection with, and as to the result of, the enforcement of the provisions relating to overcrowding in the borough, together with a copy of any particulars furnished to the Minister in pursuance of section eighty-six of this Act

Overcrowding in houses let in lodgings

90.—(1) If it appears to a local authority, in the case of a house within their district or of part of such a house, which is let in lodgings or occupied by members of more than one family, that excessive numbers of persons are being accommodated on the premises having regard to the rooms available, the local authority may serve on the occupier of the premises or on any person having the control and management thereof, or on both, a notice—

(a) stating, in relation to any room on the premises, what is

in the authority’s opinion the maximum number of persons by whom it is suitable to be occupied as sleeping accommodation at any one time, or, as the case may be, that it is in their opinion unsuitable to be occupied as aforesaid, and

(b) informing him of the effect of subsection (4) of this

section.

(2) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection a notice may, in relation to any room, prescribe special

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

839

maxima applicable in any case where some or all of the persons Part IV occupying the room are under such age as may be specified in —com. the notice.

(3) Any person aggrieved by a notice under this section may, within twenty-one days after the date of the service of the notice, appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the notice relates are situated, and—

ta) on any appeal to the county court under this section the judge may make such order either confirming or quashing or varying the notice as he thinks fit, and

(b) sections thirty-seven and thirty-eight of this Act shall apply in relation to an appeal under this section as they apply in relation to an appeal to the county court under Part II of this Act.

(4) Any person who has been served with a notice under this section shall be guilty of an offence if, after the notice has become operative,—

(i a)he causes or knowingly permits any room to which the notice relates to be occupied as deeping accommodation otherwise than in accordance with the notice, or

(b) he causes or knowingly permits to be accommodated on the premises such number of persons that it is not possible, without contravention of the foregoing paragraph or the occupation as sleeping accommodation of some part of the premises for which a maximum is not specified under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, to avoid persons of opposite sexes and over the age of twelve years (other than persons living together as husband and wife) occupying sleeping accommodation in the same room.

(5) Any person committing an offence under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds and, where the offence of which he was convicted continues after conviction, to a further fine not exceeding two pounds for every day for which the offence so continues.

(6) Where a local authority have served a notice under this section in respect of any premises, they may at any time withdraw the notice, without prejudice to anything done in pursuance thereof or to the service of another notice, or, if there is any material change of circumstances, they may substitute for the notice a further notice under this section; and, where a notice is withdrawn, subsection (4) of this section shall cease to apply in relation to the premises, without prejudice to its further application if a subsequent notice is served in respect of the same premises.

840

Part IV

—con

Periodical review of housing conditions by local authorities.

Mode of provision of accommodation.

Ch. 56 Housing A, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(7) In the administrative county of London, other than the City of London, both the metropolitan borough council and the London County Council shall be local authorities for the purposes of this section.

Part V

Provision of housing accommodation General powers and duties of local authorities

91. It shall be the duty of every local authority to consider housing conditions in their district and the needs of the district with respect to the provision of further housing accommodation and for that purpose to review the information which has been brought to their notice, either as a result of inspections and surveys carried out under Part I of this Act or otherwise, and as often as occasion arises, or within three months after notice has been given to them by the Minister, to prepare and submit to the Minister proposals for the provision of new houses, distinguishing those houses which the authority proposes to provide for the purpose of rendering accommodation available for persons to be displaced by, or in consequence of, action taken by the authority under this Act.

92. —(1) A local authority may provide housing accommodation—

(a) by the erection of houses on any land acquired or

appropriated by them,

(b) by the conversion of any buildings into houses,

(c) by acquiring houses,

() by altering, enlarging, repairing or improving any houses

or buildings which have, or an estate or interest in which has, been acquired by the local authority.

Any such powers as aforesaid may, for supplying the needs of the district, be exercised outside the district of the local authority.

(2) The local authority may alter, enlarge, repair or improve any house so erected, converted or acquired.

(3) It shall be the duty of a local authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act by whom any house is erected under the enactments relating to housing, whether with or without financial assistance from the Government, to secure—

(i a) that a fair wages clause complying with the requirements of any resolution of the Commons House of

1957

Housing Act; 1957

Ch. 56

841

Parliament for the time being in force with respect to Part V contracts for Government departments is inserted in —com. all contracts for the erection of the house, and

(b) except in so far as the Minister may, in any particular case, dispense with the observance of this paragraph, that the house is provided with a fixed bath in a bathroom.

(4) For the purposes of this Part of this Act " provision of housing accommodation " includes the provision of lodging-houses, and separate houses or cottages containing one or several tenements, and, in the case of a cottage, a cottage with a garden of not more than one acre.

93.—(1) The powers of a local authority under this Part of Supplementary this Act to provide housing accommodation shall include a powers of power (either by themselves or jointly with any other person) to provide and maintain with the consent of the Minister in connection with any such housing accommodation any building connection adapted for use as a shop, any recreation grounds, or other with provision buildings or land which in the opinion of the Minister will serve of accommo-a beneficial purpose in connection with the requirements of the datoon* persons for whom the housing accommodation is provided.

(2) The Minister, in giving his consent to the provision of any land or building under the foregoing provisions of this section, may by order apply, with any necessary modifications, to that land or building any statutory provisions which would have been applicable thereto if it had been provided under any enactment giving any local authority powers for the purpose.

(3) The powers of the London County Council and of a metropolitan borough council under this Part of this Act to provide housing accommodation shall include also a power to provide and maintain with the consent of the Minister in connection with any such housing accommodation any building or part of a building adapted for use for any commercial purpose:

Provided that the powers conferred by this subsection shall not be exercised outside the administrative county of London except with the consent of the council of the borough or district concerned.

94. A local authority may fit out, furnish and supply any Power to house erected, converted or acquired by them under section provide ninety-two of this Act with all requisite furniture, fittings and furmturc-conveniences and may sell, or supply under a hire-purchase

2D*

842

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part V

—con/.

Power to provide board and laundry facilities.

Power of local authority to acquire land for provision of accommodation.

agreement, furniture to the occupants of houses provided by the local authority and, for that purpose, may buy furniture.

In this subsection "hire-purchase agreement" has the same meaning as in the Hire Purchase Act, 1938.

95. —(1) The power of a local authority under this Part of this Act to provide housing accommodation shall include power to provide, in connection with the provision of such accommodation for any persons, such facilities for obtaining meals and refreshments and such facilities for doing laundry, and such laundry services as accord with the needs of those persons, and the local authority may make such reasonable charges for meals and refreshments provided by virtue of this subsection and such reasonable charges to persons availing themselves of facilities for doing laundiy or laundry services so provided as the authority may determine.

(2) A justices* licence under the Licensing Act, 1953, for the sale of intoxicating liquor in connection with the provision of facilities for obtaining meals and refreshments under this section shall only authorise the sale of such liquor for consumption with a meal, and a local authority shall in carrying on any activities under this section be subject to all enactments and rules of law relating thereto, including enactments relating to the sale of intoxicating liquor, in like manner as other persons carrying on the like activities.

96. A local authority shall have power under this Part of this Act—

(a) to acquire any land, including any houses or buildings

thereon, as a site for the erection of houses.

(b) to acquire houses, or buildings which may be made

suitable as houses, together with any lands occupied with the houses or buildings, or any estate or interest in houses or in buildings which may be made suitable as houses,

(c) to acquire land (including houses or other buildings)

proposed to be used for any purpose authorised by sections ninety-three or ninety-five of this Act, whether or not the land forms part of a site for the erection of houses,

() to acquire land for the purpose of the carrying out

thereon by them of works for the purpose of, or connected with, the alteration, enlarging, repair or improvement of an adjoining house.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

843

(e) to acquire land for the purpose of the sale or lease of Party the land under the powers conferred by paragraph (a) of subsection (1) and by subsection (2) of section one hundred and five of this Act.

97. —(1) Land for the purposes of this Part of this Act may Procedure be acquired by a local authority by agreement, or they may be for acquiring authorised to purchase land compulsorily for those purposes by Ian<1*

the Minister; and the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall apply in relation to a compulsory purchase under this section.

(2) A local authority may, with the consent of, and subject to any conditions imposed by, the Minister, acquire land for the purposes of this Part of this Act, notwithstanding that the land is not immediately required for those purposes:

Provided that a local authority shall not be authorised to purchase any land compulsorily for those purposes unless it appears to the Minister that it is likely to be required for those purposes within ten years from the date on which he confirms the compulsory purchase order.

98. Where a local authority are authorised to purchase com- continuance of pulsorily any house to be used for housing purposes under this tenancies of Part of this Act and have acquired the right to enter on and houses

take possession of the house by virtue of having served a notice com,?^f>rS under paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, the local authority for housing may, instead of exercising that right by taking actual possession purposes, of the house, proceed by serving notice on any person then in occupation of the house or any part thereof authorising him to continue in occupation upon terms specified in the notice, or on such other terms as may be agreed; and accordingly where the authority proceed in the manner authorised by this section,—

(a) the like consequences shall then ensue, with respect to the determination of the rights and liabilities of any person arising out of any interest of his in the house or any part thereof, as would have ensued if the authority had taken actual possession on the date of the notice, and the authority may deal with the premises in all respects as if they had done so; and

(b) for the purposes of section one hundred and twenty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (which provides for payment of compensation to persons entitled to possession under short tenancies who are required to give up possession), any person who by virtue of this subsection ceases to be entitled to receive rent in respect of any premises shall be deemed to have been required to give up possession thereof.

2 D * 2

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

844

Part V

—cont.

of land for provision of accommodation.

99. A local authority may appropriate for the purposes of this Part of this Act any houses or land which may be for the time being vested in them, or at their disposal, subject—

(a) in the case of land other than land for the time being vested in them in their capacity as a local educational authority for the purposes of any of their functions under the Education Act, 1944, to obtaining the consent of the Minister, and

(b) in the case of land for the time being vested in them in their capacity as a local education authority for the said purposes, to obtaining the consent both of the said Minister and of the Minister of Education.

Power to make 100. A local authority may pay to any person displaced from allowances to a house or other building which has been purchased by them dkTlacttl b under this Part of this Act such reasonable allowance as they purchase under dhnk fit towards his expenses in removing, and to any person Part V. carrying on any trade or business in any such house or other

building they may pay also such reasonable allowance as they think fit towards losses which, in their opinion, he will sustain by reason of the disturbance of his trade or business consequent on his having to quit the house or building, and in estimating that loss they shall have regard to the period for which the premises occupied by him might reasonably have been expected to be available for the purposes of his trade or business and the availability of other premises suitable for that purpose.

Power of entry on land to be purchased by agreement or appropriated for the purposes of Part V.

101.—(1) Where a local authority—

(a) have agreed to purchase land for the purposes of this Part of this Act, or

(b) have determined to appropriate land for those purposes,

subject to the interest of the person in possession thereof, and that interest is not greater than that of a tenant for a year or from year to year, then, at any time after the agreement has been made, or the appropriation has been approved by the Minister, the local authority may, after giving to the person so in possession not less than fourteen days’ notice, enter on and take possession of the land or such part thereof as is specified in the notice without previous consent.

(2) The exercise of a local authority’s power under the foregoing subsection shall be subject to the payment to the person so in possession of the like compensation for the land of which possession is taken, and interest on the compensation awarded, as would have been payable if the local authority had been authorised to purchase the land compulsorily and that person had

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

845

in pursuance of their powers in that behalf been required to Part V

quit possession before the expiration of his term or interest in —com.

the land, but without any necessity for compliance with sections eighty-four to ninety of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,

1845.

102. The provision of houses under this Part of this Act Land in New shall be deemed to be a local sanitary requirement for the Forest purposes of the New Forest (Sale of Land for Public Purposes)

Act, 1902:

Provided that the total area of land being part of the New Forest which may be sold or let for the provision of houses shall not exceed thirty acres.

103. —(1) A local authority or a county council may, notwith- Power to standing anything in sections three hundred and thirty-one, three acquire water hundred and thirty-three or three hundred and thirty-four of the for Public Health Act, 1936, but subject to the provisions of sub-

section (2) of section one hundred and sixteen and section one p hundred and seventeen of that Act, be authorised to abstract water from any river, stream or lake, or the feeders thereof, whether within or without the district of the local authority or the county, for the purpose of affording a water supply for houses provided under this Part of this Act, and to do all such acts as may be necessary for affording a water supply to such houses, subject to a prior obligation of affording a sufficient supply of water to any houses or agricultural holdings or other premises that may be deprived thereof by reason of such abstraction, in like manner and subject to the like restrictions as they may be authorised to acquire land for the purposes of this Part of this Act:

Provided that no local authority or county council shall be authorised under this section to abstract any water which any local authority, corporation, company or person are empowered by Act of Parliament to impound, take or use for the purpose of supply within any area, or any water the abstraction of which, in the opinion of the Minister, would injuriously affect the working or management of any canal or inland navigation.

(2) Any expenses incurred by a local authority under this section in connection with any houses provided or to be provided shall be treated as part of the expenses of providing those houses.

104. —(1) Where a local authority have acquired or appro- Power of priated any land for the purposes of this Part of this Act, then, disposing of without prejudice to any of their other powers under this Act,

the local authority may, with the consent of the Minister, sell or p^y lease any houses on the land or erected by them on the land, subject to such covenants and conditions as they may think fit

846

Ch. 56

Housing Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part V

—cont.

to impose in regard to the maintenance or use of the houses, and upon any such sale or on the grant of any such lease they may, if they think fit, agree to the price or any premium being paid by instalments or to a payment of part thereof being secured by a mortgage of the premises.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection the consent of the Minister may be given generally either to all local authorities or to any local authority or authorities and either in relation to all houses or to any house or houses, and may be given subject to such conditions as the Minister thinks expedient as to the price or rent to be obtained or otherwise as to the exercise of any powers of the authority under this section in connection with the sale or lease.

(3) On the sale of a house in accordance with this section (not being a sale to a local authority, county council, development corporation, housing association or housing trust subject to the jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners) a local authority may in any case, and shall if so required by the Minister, impose conditions—

(a) limiting the price at which the house may be sold during any period not exceeding five years from the completion of the sale,

(b) limiting the rent at which the house may be let to the limit imposed by section twenty of the Rent Act, 1957, during any such period,

(c) precluding the purchaser (including any successor in title of his and any person deriving title under him or any such successor) from selling or letting the house during any such period unless he has notified the authority of the proposed sale or letting and offered to resell or sell the house to them and the authority have refused the offer or have failed to accept it within one month after it is made, and prescribing or providing for the determination of the price to be paid in the event of the acceptance of such an offer.

(4) Where a house has been sold by a local authority subject to any such condition as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection the following enactments, that is to say—

(a) section seven of the Building Materials and Housing Act, 1945 (which, as amended by section forty-three of the Housing Act, 1949, imposes penalties for breach of certain conditions of building licences).

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

847

(b) paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (3) and subsection pART v

(4) of section nine of that Act (which contains supple- ~co/,r*

mentary provisions for ascertaining when a house is sold or let, or sold or let at an excessive price or rent)* and

(c) subsection (6) of section forty-three of the Housing Act,

1949 (which relates to the jurisdiction of justices to try offences under the said section seven),

shall apply as if the house were constructed under the authority of a building licence granted subject to the like condition, and for that purpose shall have effect as if for the reference in the said section seven (as amended as aforesaid) to the period of eight years beginning with the passing of the said Act of 1945 there were substituted a reference to the period specified in the condition.

(5) Where any such condition as is mentioned in paragraph (a), paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of subsection (3) of this section is imposed on the sale of a house by a local authority, the condition shall be registered in the register of local land charges by the proper officer of the local authority in such manner as may be specified by rules made for the purposes of this section under subsection (6) of section fifteen of the Land Charges Act, 1925, but without prejudice to the registration under section ten of that Act of any condition being an estate contract within the meaning of that Act

(6) The provisions of sections one hundred and twenty-eight to one hundred and thirty-two of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act 1845 (which relate to the sale of superfluous land), shall not apply with respect to the sale by a local authority, under the powers conferred by this section, of any land acquired by the authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(7) For the purposes of this section " sale " includes sale in consideration of a chief rent rentcharge or other similar periodical payment, and " sell " has a corresponding meaning.

105.—(1) Where a local authority have acquired or appro- Other power* priated any land for the purposes of this Part of this Act then, of dealing with without prejudice to any of their other powers under this Act acquired the local authority may, with the consent of the Minister— appropriated

(a) sell or lease the land or part thereof to any person for acconunocS^ the purpose and under the condition that that person tion. will erect thereon in accordance with plans approved by the local authority, and maintain, such number of

le

848

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part V

—cont.

houses of such types as may be specified by the authority and, when necessary, will lay out and construct public streets or roads and open spaces on the land, or will use the land for purposes which, in the opinion of the authority, are necessary or desirable for, or incidental to, the development of the land as a building estate in accordance with plans approved by the authority, including the provision, maintenance and improvement of houses and gardens, factories, workshops, places of worship, places of recreation and other works or buildings,

(b) sell the land or part thereof, or exchange the land or part thereof for land better adapted for those purposes, either with or without paying or receiving any money for equality of exchange.

(2) Where a local authority have acquired any land with a view to the carrying out on the land by a person other than the local authority of works for the purpose of, or connected with, the alteration, enlargement, repair or improvement of an adjoining house, they may, with the consent of the Minister, sell or lease the land to any person for the purpose and under the condition that that person will carry out thereon, in accordance with plans approved by the authority, those works.

(3) Land sold or leased under the provisions of this section, other than land sold or leased with houses, shall be sold or leased at the best price or for the best rent that can reasonably be obtained, having regard to any condition imposed.

(4) Where a local authority acquire a building which may be made suitable as a house, or an estate or interest in such a building, they shall forthwith proceed to secure that the building is so made suitable either by themselves executing any necessary work or by leasing it or selling it to some person subject to conditions for securing that he will so make it suitable.

(5) The provisions of sections one hundred and twenty-eight to one hundred and thirty-two of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (which relate to the sale of superfluous land), shall not apply with respect to the sale by a local authority, under the powers conferred by this section, of any land acquired by the authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act

(6) For the purposes of this section " sale " includes sale in consideration of a chief rent rentcharge or other similar periodical payment and " sell " has a corresponding meaning.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

849

Part V

—cont.

106. If any house, building, land or dwelling in respect of Power of which a local authority are required to keep a Housing Revenue Minister to Account is with the consent of the Minister sold by them or "SSions on leased by them under either of the two last foregoing sections sale of houses he may in giving consent impose such conditions as he thinks and land, just

107. A local authority may lay out and construct public Powers streets or roads and open spaces on land acquired or appro- Jf^tingto the priated by them for the purposes of this Part of this Act and of land*1"1 where they sell or lease land under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act they may contribute towards the expenses of the development of the land and the laying out and construction of streets thereon, subject to the condition that the streets are dedicated to the public.

198. —(1) Where any housing operations under this Part of Execution of this Act are being carried out by a local authority outside theirwork®"? own area, that authority shall, subject to the approval of the Minister, have power to execute any works which are necessary operations by for the purposes, or are incidental to the carrying out, of the local authority operations, subject to entering into an agreement with the coun- outside their cU of the county, borough or district in which the operations own area* are being carried out, as to the terms and conditions on which

any such works are to be executed.

(2) Where housing operations under this Act have been carried out by a local authority outside their own area, and a habitation certificate from the council of the borough or district in which the houses are situate is in that borough or district required under any local Act or byelaw, such a certificate shall not be necessary in respect of any houses which were constructed in accordance with the plans and specifications approved by the Minister.

199. —(1) Where housing operations under this Act have been Responsibility carried out by a local authority outside their own area, and for for . the purposes of the operations public streets or roads have been authority constructed and completed by that local authority, the liability outside their to maintain the streets or roads shall, subject to the provisions own area.

of this section, vest in the council of the borough or district in which the operations were carried out, unless that council are, or on appeal the Minister is, satisfied that the streets or roads have not been properly constructed in accordance with the plans and specifications approved by the Minister.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not apply to the liability to maintain a public street or road in a rural district constructed and completed, by a local authority other than the

850

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part v council of the district for the purposes of housing operations

—cont. under this Part of this Act, but that liability shall, unless the

council of the county comprising the rural district are, or on

appeal the Minister is, satisfied that the street or road has not been properly constructed in accordance with the plans and

specifications approved by the Minister, vest in the council of

the county.

(3) If the council of a rural district are under a liability to maintain a street or road, being a liability which vested in them by virtue of subsection (2) of section eighty-one of the Housing Act, 1936, or the corresponding provisions of an enactment repealed by that Act, and the council of the county comprising the rural district are, or on appeal the Minister is, at any time satisfied that the street or road has been brought into a proper state of construction and repair, the liability to maintain it shall be transferred to and vested in the county council.

(4) Where housing operations under this Act have been carried out by the London County Council within the area of a metropolitan borough, the liability to maintain the streets or roads shall vest in the council of that metropolitan borough, unless that council are, or on appeal the Minister is, satisfied that the streets or roads have not been properly constructed in accordance with plans and specifications approved by the Minister.

110. Where the Minister approves proposals of a local authority in relation to the provision of houses, whether under this Act or any other Act, in the area of another local authority,

any difference arising between those authorities with respect to

out proposals, the carrying out of the proposals may be referred by either authority to the Minister, and the Minister’s decision shall be final and binding upon the authorities.

Adjustment of differences between local authorities as

to carrvinff

General responsibility for local authority*! houses.

Management, &c., of local authority*s houses

111.—(1) The general management, regulation and control of houses provided by a local authority under this Part of this Act shall be vested in and exercised by the authority, and the authority may make such reasonable charges for the tenancy or occupation of the houses as they may determine.

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, any such house shall be at all times open to inspection by the local authority of the district in which it is situate, or by any officer duly authorised by them.

Byelaws for 112.—(1) A local authority may make byelaws for the manage-

amhori^i^ ment» use and regulation of houses provided by them, houses.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

851

(2) A local authority shall as respects lodging-houses provided Part V by them (that is to say, houses not occupied as separate dwellings)

by byelaws make sufficient provision for the following purposes—

(a) for securing that the lodging-houses shall be under the

management and control of the officers, servants or others appointed or employed in that behalf by the local authority,

(b) for securing due separation at night of men and boys

above eight years old from women and girls,

(c) for preventing damage, disturbance, interruption and in-

decent and offensive language and behaviour and nuisances,

(d) for determining the duties of the officers, servants and others appointed by the local authority,

and a printed copy or a sufficient abstract of the byelaws relating to lodging-houses shall be put up and at all times kept in every room therein.

(3) The Minister shall be the confirming authority as respects byelaws made under this section.

(4) The provisions of section two hundred and seventy-seven of the Public Health (London) Act, 1936, shall apply to byelaws under this section as respects the City of London.

113.—(1) A local authority shall, in relation to all the houses Conditions to and dwellings in respect of which they are required to keep a Housing Revenue Account, observe the requirements specified in the following provisions of this section. authority’s

houses.

(2) The local authority shall secure that in the selection of their tenants a reasonable preference is given to persons who are occupying insanitary or overcrowded houses, have large families or are living under unsatisfactory housing conditions.

(3) The local authority may grant to any tenants such rebates from rent, subject to such terms and conditions, as they may think fit

(4) The local authority shall from time to time review rents and make such changes, either of rents generally or of particular rents, and rebates (if any) as circumstances may require.

(5) The local authority shall make it a term of every letting that the tenant shall not assign, sub-let or otherwise part with the possession of the premises, or any part thereof, except with the consent in writing of the authority, and shall not give such consent unless it is shown to their satisfaction that no payment

852

Ch. 56

Housing Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part V other than a rent which is in their opinion a reasonable rent has

—com. been, or is to be, received by the tenant in consideration of the

assignment, sub-letting or other transaction.

(6) The conditions contained in section three of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926, shall not have effect in relation to dwellings to which the requirements of this section apply.

Reservation of 114.—(1) Where—

asri^tiual any annual exchequer subsidies under the Housing Subpopulation. sidies Act, 1956, increased under subsection (1) of

section four of that Act (which provides for increased subsidies for housing provided for the agricultural population), or

(b) any annual exchequer contributions under the Housing

(Financial and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1946, the amount of which has been determined on the assumption that the houses in respect of which they are payable were provided by way of housing accommodation required for the agricultural population, or

(c) any contributions under section two of the Housing

(Financial Provisions) Act, 1938 (which provided for a special rate of contribution for housing accommodation required for the agricultural population),

are payable to the council of a county district, the council shall secure that a number of houses equal to the number of houses in respect of which such subsidies or contributions are payable to the council is reserved for members of the agricultural population, except in so far as the demand for housing accommodation in the district on the part of members of the agricultural population can be satisfied without such reservation.

(2) Where a county council have undertaken to make contributions to a local authority under subsection (2) of section one hundred and fifteen of the Housing Act, 1936, or are required by subsection (3) of that section to make contributions to the local authority, the local authority shall secure that a number of houses equal to the number of those in respect of which the contributions are payable are reserved for members of the agricultural population, except in so far as the demand for housing accommodation in the district of the authority on the part of members of the agricultural population can be satisfied without such reservation.

(3) Where a local authority have received assistance under section one of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926, or the Minister has undertaken to pay a contribution to a local authority under subsection (2A) of section four of that Act, the local authority shall secure that a number of houses or dwellings equal to the number of those in respect of which they have received

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

853

such assistance, or in respect of which such an undertaking has Part V

been given, are reserved for such persons as are mentioned in --cons.

paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section three of that Act except in so far as the demand for housing accommodation in the district of the authority on the part of such workers can be satisfied without such reservation.

(4) The conditions contained in section three of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926, shall not have effect in relation to dwellings to which the requirements of subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section apply.

(5) For the purposes of this section,—

the expression "agricultural population" means persons whose employment or latest employment is or was employment in agriculture or in an industry mainly dependent upon agriculture, and includes also the dependents of such persons as aforesaid;

the expression "agriculture" includes dairy-farming and poultry-farming and the use of land as grazing, meadow or pasture land, or orchard or osier land, or woodland, or for market gardens or nursery grounds.

115.—(1) Where it appears to a local authority to be expedient Power to that a Housing Management Commission should be established establish with a view to the transfer to and the performance by the Com- Mamgemeai mission of all or any of the functions of the authority under the Commission*, enactments relating to housing with respect to the management, regulation and control, and the repair and maintenance, of houses and other buildings or land provided in connection therewith, the authority shall prepare and submit to the Minister a scheme making provision for the establishment of the Commission, and for the incorporation thereof, under the name of the Housing Management Commission with the addition of the name of the district of the local authority, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and power to hold land for the purposes of their constitution without licence in mortmain.

(2) A scheme submitted as aforesaid may make provision with respect to the constitution, procedure and functions of the Commission and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words, may make provision—

(a) as to the mode of appointment and term of office of the

members of the Commission;

(b) as to the payment of remuneration out of funds under

the control of the Commission to the chairman of the

Commission, where he is not a member of the local

854

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Party

—con/.

authority or of any committee or sub-committee of the local authority or as a representative of the local authority on a joint committee appointed by agreement between them and another body;

(c) as to the employment by the Commission of officers

and staff and the remuneration out of funds under the control of the Commission and the superannuation of persons so employed;

() as to the financial relations between the local authority

and the Commission;

(e) for conferring on the local authority power to defray

temporarily on behalf of the Commission any of their expenses;

(f) for making the accounts of the Commission subject to audit by a district auditor or otherwise;

(g) for determining what property is to be vested in the

Commission, and for what estate or interest, and whether by way of transfer of the estate or interest of the local authority or of the creation of a lesser estate or interest or otherwise, and the manner in which that vesting is to be effected, and as to the re-vesting of property in the local authority in the event of the dissolution of the Commission or in other circumstances; and

(h) for imposing on the Commission the duty to consult

the Central Housing Advisory Committee as respects any matter specified in the scheme.

(3) The provisions of section one hundred and fifty of, and the Fourth Schedule to, the Local Government Act, 1933 (which relate to the transfer and compensation of officers of a local authority affected by a scheme or order under Part VI of that Act), shall have effect in relation to a scheme submitted under this section as they have effect in relation to a scheme or order under the said Part VI, and as if references therein to a local authority included references to the Commission.

(4) A scheme submitted under this section may provide for the application with necessary modifications of the enactments (including schemes) governing the superannuation of persons employed by the local authority for the purposes of the superannuation of persons employed by the Commission as if they had been persons employed by the local authority and as u employment by the Commission had been employment by the local authority.

(5) The Minister may approve a scheme submitted to him under this section with or without modifications, and any such scheme when approved by the Minister shall have effect as from such

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

855

date as may be specified therein and may be amended by a Party further scheme submitted by the local authority and approved by —com. the Minister.

(6) Unless the scheme makes provision for making the accounts of the Commission subject to audit by a district auditor, no person shall be qualified to be appointed as auditor of those accounts unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies, namely:—

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

The Society of Incorporated Accountants;

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Scotland;

The Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants.

Special provisions for rural districts

116. —(1) It shall be the duty of the council of every county. Responsibility as respects each rural district within the county, to have con-of county stant regard to housing conditions in the district, to the extent to which overcrowding or other unsatisfactory conditions exist housins and the sufficiency of the steps which the council of the district conditions in have taken, or are proposing to take, to remedy those conditions rural districts, and to provide further housing accommodation.

(2) The council of every rural district shall at such intervals, not being in any case less than one year, as the county council may direct, furnish to that council such information with regard to the matters mentioned in the foregoing subsection as the county council may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to carry out their duties thereunder.

117. —(1) The council of any county may, for the purpose of Agreements by

assisting the council of any rural district within the county in wunty council the performance of their duties under this Part of this Act,J^s^J5* agree with the district council for the exercise by the county councils in council of all or any of the powers of the district council provision of under this Part of this Act accommoda-

tion.

(2) An agreement made under this section may contain such provisions with regard to the expenses to be incurred by the county council, including the raising of loans to meet those expenses, and with regard to the vesting in the district council of any houses built by the county council under the agreement and such other incidental or consequential provisions as the councils think proper.

856

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part V

—cont.

Minister’s 118.—(1) With a view to assisting rural district councils in

P°w?hto ^ssist preparation and carrying out of schemes for the provision

c^cUs by* °* dwelling accommodation in the agricultural parishes of their acquiring land districts to meet the needs of agricultural workers and persons and erecting whose incomes are, in the opinion of the council concerned,

houses. such that they would not ordinarily pay rents in excess of those

paid by agricultural workers in the council’s district, the Minister, if he is requested by any such council so to do and is satisfied—

(a) that their financial resources are insufficient, and

(b) that the council of the county is unwilling to give

assistance to them under the last foregoing section.

may, with the consent of the Treasury, acquire land and erect houses on behalf and at the expense of that council, and for that purpose may exercise any powers which under this Act the council may exercise in regard to the acquisition of land and the erection of houses, or may make arrangements with any other Government department for the exercise by that Department of any of those powers which, in his opinion, could more conveniently be so exercised.

(2) For the purposes of this section a house shall be deemed to be situated in an agricultural parish if—

(a) the net annual value of the agricultural land in the parish

in which the house is situate as appearing in the valuation list in force on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, exceeded 25 per cent of the total net annual value of that parish as appearing in the said list, and

(b) the population of the parish, according to the latest

census return of the Registrar-General, is less than fifty persons per hundred acres.

(3) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection the expression " agricultural land " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section two of the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, and in the case of any hereditament occupied by or on behalf of the Crown for public purposes, the value directed by subsection (3) of section sixty-four of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, to be entered in the valuation list as respects the rateable value of that hereditament shall be taken as being in the case of agricultural land fifty per cent of the net annual value of the hereditament and in any other case the net annual value thereof.

(4) Any question whether a parish is or is not an agricultural parish within the meaning of this section shall be determined by the Minister whose decision shall be final.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

857

Housing associations Part v

119.—(1) A local authority for the purposes of this Part of po^ Qf

this Act, or a county council, may promote the formation or authorities

extension of, or, subject to the provisions of this Act, assist, a and county

housing association. councils to

promote and

(2) Where a housing association desires to erect houses which assist housing in the opinion of the Minister are required, and the local authority associations, of the area in which the houses are proposed to be built are unwilling to acquire land with a view to selling or leasing it

to the association, the county council, on the application of the association, may for this purpose acquire land and exercise all the powers of a local authority under this Part of this Act in regard to the acquisition and disposal of land, and the provisions of this Part of this Act as to the acquisition of land by local authorities shall apply accordingly.

(3) Any such local authority or county council with the consent of, and subject to any regulations or conditions which may be made or imposed by, the Minister may, for the assistance of a housing association—

(a) make grants or loans to the association,

(b) subscribe for any share or loan capital of the association,

(c) guarantee or join in guaranteeing the payment of the

principal of and interest on any money borrowed by the association (including money borrowed by the issue of loan capital) or of interest on any share capital issued by the association,

on such terms and conditions as to rate of interest and repayment or otherwise and on such security as the local authority or county council think fit.

The Minister’s power of making regulations under this subsection shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(4) Notwithstanding the provisions of section four of the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893, where a local authority or county council assist an association under this subsection, the local authority or council shall not be prevented from having or claiming an interest in the shares of the association exceeding the limit prescribed by that section.

(5) Any expenses incurred by a county council under this section shall be defrayed as expenses for general county purposes.

120.—(1) A local authority may, with the approval of the Arrangements Minister, make arrangements with a housing association for the with housing purpose of enabling the association to provide housing accommodation or to alter, enlarge, repair or improve houses or build- of housing, ings which, or an estate or interest in which, the local authority

858

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part V have acquired with a view to the provision or improvement of —com, housing accommodation.

(2) Arrangements made under this section shall include such terms with regard to such matters, including the types of houses to be provided, and the rents at which the houses provided are to be let, as may appear to the local authority to be expedient in view of the needs of their district in relation to housing and may be approved by the Minister.

(3) For the purposes of section ninety-three of this Act, the housing accommodation in connection with which buildings or land may be provided under that section shall include housing accommodation provided by a housing association under arrange* ments made with a local authority under this section.

In this subsection the reference to arrangements made under this section includes a reference to arrangements made under section twenty-nine of the Housing Act, 1930, and, without prejudice to section one hundred and ninety-two of this Act, to arrangements made under section twenty-seven of the Housing Act, 1935, or section ninety-four of the Housing Act, 1936.

(4) If a housing association represent to the Minister that they have submitted to the local authority proposals for arrangements under this section and that the local authority have unreasonably refused to make arrangements in accordance with the proposals, the Minister may require the authority to furnish him with a report as to the matter stating the reasons for their refusal.

Arrangements 121.—(1) A local authority may, with the approval of the

i^o^ti^or Mmister* ma^e arrangements with a housing association for—

improvement (a) the provision of dwellings by the association by means of housing. of the conversion of houses or other buildings,

(b) the alteration, enlargement, repair or improvement of dwellings by the housing association.

(2) Arrangements made under this section shall include such terms with regard to such matters, including the rents at which the dwellings are to be let, as may appear to the local authority to be expedient in view of the needs of their district in relation to housing and may be approved by the Minister.

(3) In this section the reference to repair does not include the execution of works of ordinary repair except so far as the execution thereof is incidental to or connected with the execution of works of improvement, alteration or enlargement or of works of repair not being ordinary works of repair.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

859

(4) As respects the administrative county of London, other Party than the City of London, both the metropolitan borough council —cont. and the London County Council shall be local authorities for the purposes of this section.

122. A local authority shall have power to sell, or supply Power of local under hire-purchase agreement, furniture to the occupants of authorities to houses provided by a housing association under arrangements ^HsonshOTaed made with the local authority, and, for that purpose, to buy by housing

fumiture. qgyxfoiinnf

In this section the expression " hire-purchase " has the same meaning as in the Hire-Purchase Act, 1938.

123. Where the Minister has undertaken to make in respect of Unification of any houses under the management of a housing association con- conditions tributions under more than one enactment and the association

are required to observe in the management of the houses varying special conditions or terms imposed by those enactments, the houses. Minister may, on the application of the association and after consultation with any local authority who are under obligation to make grants or contributions in respect of any of the houses, make a scheme specifying, as conditions to be observed in the management of all the houses in substitution for the conditions or terms imposed as aforesaid, such conditions as he thinks fit, and in specifying the conditions to be so observed the Minister shall have regard to the provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to the conditions which a local authority are required to observe in relation to their houses.

124. The Minister may, if he thinks fit, recognise for the Power of purposes of this section any central association or other body Minister to established for the purpose of promoting the formation and extension of housing associations and of giving them advice housing and assistance, and the Minister may, in any of the five years association, next following the date on which he recognises the said body,

make a grant in aid of the expenses of the body of such amount as he may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

Development corporations

125. A development corporation shall be deemed to be a Provision housing association within the meaning of this Act and accord- of housing ingly arrangements may be made under section one hundred and ^°?Jnoda'' twenty of this Act for the provision by a development corpora- development tion of any housing accommodation which a local authority are corporations, empowered to provide under this Act, and section one hundred

and twenty-one of this Act shall apply to a development corporation as it applies to a housing association:

Provided that the said section one hundred and twenty-one shall not apply to a development corporation established by an order under section sixteen of the New Towns Act, 1946 (which relates to orders for the combination and transfer of functions of development corporations).

860

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Buz. 2

Part V

—cont.

Miscellaneous

Power of 126. A county council shall have power to provide houses for

county councils persons employed or paid by, or by a statutory committee of, to provide the council, and for that purpose may be authorised to acquire

HjJKJ®8 or or appropriate land in like manner as a local authority may be

employees. authorised to acquire or appropriate land for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

tower of 127. Any dock or harbour company, or any other company,

companies, society, or association established for trading or manufacturing Ac*» *? purposes in the course of whose business, or in the discharge of Sr^wori^g1868 wh°se duties, persons of the working class are employed, may Haases (notwithstanding any Act of Parliament, or charter, or any rule

of law or equity to the contrary) at any time erect, cither on their own land or on any other land (which they are hereby authorised to purchase and hold for the purpose and to pay for out of any funds at their disposal), houses for the accommodation of all or any of the persons of the working class employed by them.

Trasts for provision of houses for working Glasses.

128.—(1) The trustees of any houses for the working classes for the time being provided in any district by private subscriptions or otherwise, may, with the consent of a majority of the committee or other persons by whom they were appointed trustees, sell or lease the houses to the local authority of the district, or make over to them the management thereof.

(2) If in any case it appears to the Minister that the institution of legal proceedings is requisite or desirable with respect to any property required to be applied under any trusts for the provision of houses available for the working classes, or that the expediting of any such legal proceedings is requisite or desirable, the Minister may certify the case to the Attorney-General, and the Attorney-General may institute any legal proceedings, or intervene in any legal proceedings already instituted, in such manner as he thinks proper in the circumstances.

(3) Before preparing any scheme with reference to property required to be applied under any trusts for the provision of houses available for the working classes, the court or body which is responsible for making the scheme shall communicate with the Minister and consider any recommendations made by him with reference to the proposed scheme.

Power of corporate bodies to sell or let land for housing purposes.

129. Any body corporate holding land may sell, exchange, or lease the land for the purpose of the erection of houses for the working classes at such price, or for such consideration, or for such rent, as having regard to the said purpose and to all the circumstances of the case is the best that can reasonably be

195T

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

861

obtained, notwithstanding that a higher price, consideration, or Part V lent might have been obtained if the land were sold, exchanged, —corn. or leased for another purpose.

136, Any commissioners or trustees of waterworks, water Power of water companies, gas boards, and other corporations, bodies and " gas persons having the management of any waterworks, reservoirs, to

wells, springs, or streams of water, and gasworks respectively, favourable may, in their discretion, grant and furnish supplies of water or temw. gas for houses provided under this Part of this Act, either without charge or on such other favourable terms as they think fit.

131.—(1) A local authority may, for the purposes of this Part Exercise of

of this Act, exercise the same powers as in the execution of Public Health

their duties under the Public Health Act, 1936. for

purposes of

Part V.

(2) In the application of this section to local authorities in London, for the reference to the Public Health Act, 1936, there shall be substituted a reference, in the case of a metropolitan borough council, to the Public Health (London) Act, 1936, in the case of the London County Council, a reference to the Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 to 1890, and, in the case of the Common Council of the City of London, a reference to the City of London (Sewers) Acts, 1848 to 1897.

Provisions as to London

132.—(1) As respects the administrative county of London Local other than the City of London, the question whether or not in for

any case the London County Council or the metropolitan L^doii^ther borough council are to be the local authority for the purposes than City, of this Part of this Act shall, save as otherwise expressly provided, be determined in accordance with the succeeding provisions of this section.

(2) The London County Council shall be the local authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act so far as regards the provision of any houses outside the administrative county of London.

(3) The London County Council shall carry out such reviews of housing conditions and submit to the Minister such proposals for the provision of new houses as are required by this Part of this Act, but, before preparing any such proposals, the county council shall consult with the councils of the several metropolitan boroughs, and the council of every metropolitan borough

862

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part V —con/.

Exercise by local

authorities in London of certain powers for purposes of Part V.

shall furnish such information as may reasonably be required by the London County Council for the purpose of preparing any such proposals.

(4) As respects a metropolitan borough, the council of the borough shall be the local authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act save as regards the provision of any houses outside the borough and the carrying out of such reviews of housing accommodation and the submission to the Minister of such proposals for the provision of new houses as are required by this Part of this Act.

(5) Without prejudice to the powers conferred on a metropolitan borough council by this Act, the London County Council shall be a local authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act as respects any part of the administrative county of London, other than the City of London, for all the purposes of this Part of this Act other than those for which it is the local authority to the exclusion of the metropolitan borough council:

Provided that the London County Council shall not develop land in a metropolitan borough for the purpose only of meeting the needs of the borough without the consent of the council thereof.

(6) If it appears to the Minister to be expedient that the needs of a metropolitan borough with respect to the provision of housing accommodation should be satisfied by the provision by the council of that borough of such accommodation outside the administrative county of London or within another metropolitan borough, he may by order contained in a statutory instrument provide for the transfer to that council, to such extent as appeals to him to be requisite for that purpose, of any powers which, by virtue of subsection (2) or subsection (5) of this section are powers of the London County Council.

133.—(1) So much of subsection (1) of section ninety-seven of this Act as provides that a local authority may acquire land for the purposes of this Part of this Act by agreement shall have effect so as to authorise a local authority in the administrative county of London to acquire land for those purposes by agreement in like manner as if those purposes were purposes of the Public Health Act, 1875, and sections one hundred and seventy-five to one hundred and seventy-eight of that Act so far as they relate to the purchase of land by agreement shall apply accordingly and shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act extend to London in like manner as if the common council of the City of London, the London County Council and a metropolitan borough council, respectively, were a local authority in the said sections mentioned.

le

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

863

(2) Any purchase money payable in pursuance of this section Part V by a local authority in respect of any land, estate or interest of another local authority which would, but for this subsection, be paid into court in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts may, if the Minister consents, instead of being paid into court, be paid as the Minister may determine.

A decision of the Minister under this subsection shall be final and conclusive.

Stilly Isles

134.—(1) Without prejudice to his powers under section two Provision of hundred and ninety-two of the Local Government Act, 1933, housing^ the Minister may, upon the application of the council of the Isles of Scilly, by order confer or impose upon that council such Qf sdliy. functions relating to the provision of housing accommodation in the Isles of Scilly as the Minister thinks appropriate.

(2) An order made under this section may provide for the making by the Minister and by the said council of contributions in respect of houses provided in pursuance of such an order.

(3) An order made under this section may contain such incidental and consequential provisions, including provisions conferring powers or imposing duties on the said council, as the Minister thinks necessary.

(4) An order made under this section may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order made by the Minister whether or not on the application by the said council.

(5) The power of making orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

Part VI Financial Provisions

Expenses of local authorities

135.—(1) Subject to the powers of the Minister to direct the Expenses of debiting of any expenses to the Housing Revenue Account, any rural district expenses incurred by a rural district council under Part II of this Act or under the provisions of Part III of this Act relating ^Uciis, to clearance areas shall be charged as special expenses on the contributory place in respect of which they are incurred:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to expenses incurred under section thirty of this Act or under Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any expenses incurred in the execution of this Act by a county council, other than the London County Council, shall be defrayed as expenses for

864

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part VI general county purposes, or as expenses for special county purposes, as the case may require.

(3) The following expenses incurred by the London County Council shall be defrayed as expenses incurred for special county purposes, namely—

all expenses incurred in the execution of this Act which are attributable to the exercise by the London County Council of their powers under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, not being expenses so incurred in respect of houses or other buildings provided or land acquired or appropriated under the last mentioned Act after the sixth day of February, nineteen hundred and nineteen.

Borrowing

Power of local 136.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a local

borrow^ot-10 authority may borrow—

purposes of (a) for the purposes of Part II of this Act, so far as it relates

Ad to the execution of repairs and works by local

authorities,

(b) for the purposes of Part III (except sections seventy-two

to seventy-five and Part II of the Second Schedule) and Part IV of this Act,

(c) for the purposes of Part V of this Act (except sections

one hundred and fifteen and one hundred and twenty), and a county council (other than the London County Council) may borrow for the purposes of this Act.

(2) Money borrowed under this Act by the London County Council may be borrowed in manner provided by the London County Council (Loans) Act, 1955.

(3) The maximum period which may be sanctioned as the period for which money may be borrowed by the London County Council or the Common Council of the City of London for the purposes of this Act shall, notwithstanding the provisions of any Act of Parliament, be eighty years.

Borrowing in 137.—(1) Where housing operations under Part V of this Act

connection are being carried out by a local authority outside their own with.^)crati°ns area, that authority shall, subject to the approval of the Minister, Sal authority4 ^ave Power to borrow money for the purpose of defraying any outside its expenses (including, if the Treasury so approve, interest payable own area. in respect of any period before the completion of the operations, or a period of five years from the date of the borrowing, whichever period is the shorter, on money borrowed under this section) incurred by the local authority in connection with any works necessary for the purposes of the operations, or incidental to the carrying out thereof, which under this Act they are authorised to execute:

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

865

Provided that any approval of the Minister, in so far as it Part VI relates to the sanction of a loan under the foregoing provisions —com. for the purpose of the payment of interest payable in respect of money borrowed, shall be given by order which shall be provisional only and of no effect until confirmed by Parliament

(2) The council of any county, borough or district in which operations are being carried out as aforesaid shall have power, with the approval of the Minister, to borrow money for the purposes of any agreement entered into by the council with the local authority under Part V of this Act.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (3) of section eight of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945 (under which that Act may be applied to any enactment passed before that Act which applies the provisional order procedure), the proviso to subsection (1) of this section shall be treated as an enactment passed before that Act.

138,—(1) Without prejudice to any other powers of borrow- Power to issue ing, a local authority (other than a metropolitan borough council) local housing or a county council may, with the consent of the Minister, bonds, borrow any sums which they have power to borrow for the purposes of this Act, by the issue of bonds (in this Act referred to as " local bonds ") in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(2) The provisions set out in the Eighth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to local bonds.

(3) Where on an application made by two or more local authorities or county councils the Minister is satisfied that it is expedient that those authorities or councils should have power to make a joint issue of local bonds, the Minister may by order contained in a statutory instrument make such provision as appears to him necessary for the purpose, and any such order shall provide for the securing of the bonds issued upon the joint rates, property and revenues of the authorities or councils.

The provisions of any such order shall have effect as if they were contained in an order made under section six of the Public Health Act, 1936.

(4) A local authority or county council by whom any local bonds have been issued may, without the consent of the Minister, borrow for the purpose of redeeming those bonds.

139. Where a loan is made by the Public Works Loan Com- Loans by

missioners to a local authority for the purposes of this Act or Public Works

to a county council for the purpose of the provision of houses 1^° .

r r r Commissioners

for employees— to local

(a) the loan shall be made at the minimum rate allowed for authorities.

loans out of the Local Loans Fund applicable to the period for which the loan is made, and

2 E

866

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part VI (b)the period for which the loan is made may exceed the

—cont- period allowed under any enactment limiting the period

for which loans may be made by the Commissioners, but shall not exceed eighty years.

Power of local 140.—(1) A county council may lend to any local authority lrad to other w^n their area any money which that authority have power authorities. to borrow for the purposes of this Act, subject to any conditions (including conditions with respect to the borrowing by a local authority from the county council of the money so raised) which the Minister may impose by general or special order contained in a statutory instrument.

(2) Where housing operations under Part V of this Act are being carried out by a local authority outside their own area, that authority shall, subject to the approval of the Minister, have power to advance to the council of any county, borough or district in which the operations are being carried out such sums as may, by reason of any agreement made with that . council under that Part, be required by that council in connection with the construction by them of any works which are necessary for the purposes, or incidental to the carrying out, of the operations.

Subscriptions by local authorities to local savings committees.

Subscription to local savings committees

141. A local authority for the purposes of Part V of this Act may, subject to the approval of the Minister, contribute to the expenses of any local savings committee established for their district or any part thereof.

Capital moneys

Application 142. The proceeds of the sale of any land acquired by a local to purchase authority for any of the purposes of this Act and any other

money, &c. capital moneys received by a local authority in respect of any

transaction under sections forty-seven, fifty-one or one hundred and four or under subsection (1) of section one hundred and five of this Act shall be applied, with the sanction of the Minister, either in the repayment of debt or for any other purpose for which capital money may properly be applied:

Provided that the capital moneys received in respect of any transaction under section one hundred and four or subsection

(I) of section one hundred and five of this Act may be applied by the authority in or towards the purchase of other land for the purposes of Part V of this Act.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

m

Part VII General

Central Housing Advisory Committee

143. —(1) The Minister shall appoint a committee, to be called the Central Housing Advisory Committee, for the purpose of—

(a) advising the Minister on any matter, relating to a

temporary increase of the permitted number of persons in relation to overcrowding, as respects which he is required by section seventy-nine of this Act to consult the Committee;

(b) advising the Housing Management Commissions con-

stituted under Part V of this Act on any matter as respects which such Commissions are required to consult the Committee;

(c) advising the Minister on any question which may be

referred by him to the Committee with respect to any other matter arising in connection with the execution of the enactments relating to housing;

() considering the operation of the enactments relating to

housing and making to the Minister such representations with respect to matters of general concern arising in connection with the execution of those enactments as the Committee think desirable.

(2) The Minister may by order contained in a statutory instrument make provision with respect to the constitution and procedure of the Committee, and any such order may be varied by a subsequent order under this subsection.

(3) The Minister may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, pay such expenses of the Committee as he may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

Re-housing

144. Where under the powers given by any local Act or Provisional Order or Order having the effect of an Act (not being an order made under this Act), any land is acquired, whether compulsorily or by agreement, by any authority, company or persons, or where any land is so acquired compulsorily under any general Act other than this Act, the provisions set out in the Ninth Schedule to this Act shall apply with respect to the provision of housing accommodation.

Provisions as to building byelaws, &c.

145. —(1) Where in connection with housing operations carried out under this Act by a local authority or county council, or by a housing association or housing trust, new buildings are constructed, or public streets and roads are laid out and constructed, in accordance with plans and specifications approved by the Minister, the provisions of any building byelaws shall not, so

2 E 2

Central

Housing

Advisory

Committee.

Re-housing obligations of undertakers.

Building byelaws not to apply to certain buildings.

868

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part VII —cont.

Relaxation of Building Acts or byelaws in London.

far as they are inconsistent with the plans and specifications so approved, apply to those buildings and streets, and, notwithstanding the provisions of any other Act. any public street or road laid out and constructed in accordance with those plans and specifications may be taken over and thereafter maintained by the local authority:

Provided that as respects the administrative county of London, the Minister shall not approve for the purposes of this subsection any plans and specifications inconsistent with the provisions of any building byelaws in force in the county except after consultation with the London County Council on the general question of the relaxation of such provisions in connection with housing operations.

(2) Where the Minister has approved plans and specifications which in certain respects are inconsistent with the provisions of any building byelaws in force in the district in which the works are to be executed, any proposals for the erection thereon of houses and the laying out and construction of new streets which do not form part of housing operations carried out under this Act may, notwithstanding those provisions, be carried out if the local authority are, or, on appeal the Minister is, satisfied that they will involve departures from such provisions only to the like extent as in the case of the plans and specifications so approved, and that, where such plans and specifications have been approved subject to any conditions, the like conditions will be complied with in the case of proposals to which this subsection applies.

(3) In the application of the last foregoing subsection to the administrative county of London, references to the local authority shall be construed, in relation to matters within the jurisdiction of the London County Council, as references to them, and, in relation to other matters, as references to the Common Council of the City of London or the council of a metropolitan borough as the case may be.

(4) Subject to any conditions which may be prescribed by the Minister, the provisions of any building byelaws shall not apply to any new buildings and new streets constructed and laid out by a local authority or county council in accordance with plans and specifications approved by the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food under Part IV of the Agriculture Act. 1947, or under the Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1950.

146. For the purpose of facilitating the erection of houses within the administrative county of London, the London County Council may, with the consent of the Minister, suspend, alter or relax the provisions of any enactment or byelaw relating to the formation or laying out of new streets, or the construction of sewers or of buildings intended for human habitation.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

869

147. —(1) For the purpose of facilitating the erection of Part VII houses, the Minister may prescribe a code of building byelaws —correlating to the level, width, and construction of new streets, but Power of no such code shall have effect unless and until adopted by resolution of a local authority; and where such code or any part 1^odt of thereof is so adopted it shall not be necessary for the local byelaws for authority to comply with the requirements of subsections (3), new streets.

(4) and (5) of section two hundred and fifty of the Local Government Act, 1933, or, if the byelaws are made under a local Act,

the corresponding provisions of that Act, and the code or such part thereof shall have full force and effect as part of the byelaws of the local authority in substitution for such of the existing byelaws of the authority as may be specified in the resolution.

(2) Where a local authority have approved any plans and sections for a new street, subject to any conditions imposed or authorised by any byelaws in force in the area of that authority, those conditions may be enforced at any time by the authority against the owner for the time being of the land to which the conditions relate.

(3) Where, as respects the district of any local authority, matters relating to the level, width and construction of new streets are regulated by a local Act and not by byelaws, and the local authority pass a resolution adopting the said code or any part thereof, the code or such part as aforesaid shall have full force and effect as if it formed part of the local Act in substitution for such provisions of the local Act as may be specified in the resolution.

(4) Before a resolution is passed under this section, notice of the proposed resolution shall be published in one or more newspapers circulating in the district, and when such a resolution has been passed the local authority shall, within seven days thereafter, send a copy thereof to the Minister.

(5) This section shall not apply to the administrative county of London.

148. —(1) If the Minister is satisfied, by a local inquiry or Power of otherwise, that the erection of any buildings within any borough Minister to or urban or rural district is, or is likely to be, unreasonably impeded in consequence of any byelaws with respect to new ty5^naWe streets or buildings in force therein, the Minister may require

the local authority to revoke those byelaws or to make such new byelaws as he may consider necessary for the removal of the impediment.

(2) If the local authority do not within three months after the requisition comply therewith, the Minister may himself revoke the byelaws, and make by statutory instrument such new byelaws as he considers necessary for the removal of the

870

CH. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part VII

—cont.

Protection* for amenities of locality, .

Provisions as to commons and open spaces.

impediment, and those new byelaws shall have effect as if they had been duly made by the local authority and confirmed by the Minister.

(3) The provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (2) of section sixty-nine of the Public Health Act, 1936 (under which the Minister may require a local authority to revoke building byelaws if the erection of any building is unreasonably impeded by them).

Provisions as to acquisition, <Scc. of Land

149. —(1) A local authority in preparing any proposals for the provision of houses, or in taking any action under this Act, shall have regard to the beauty of the landscape or countryside and the other amenities of the locality, and the desirability of preserving existing works of architectural, historic or artistic interest, and shall comply with such directions, if any, in that behalf as may be given to them by the Minister.

(2) No land which is die site of an ancient monument or other object of archaeological interest shall be acquired for the purposes of this Act by means of a compulsory purchase order under Part II or Part III of this Act or by any means other than that of a compulsory purchase order.

(3) Where any land proposed to be acquired under this Act by means of a compulsory purchase order under Part II or Part III of this Act or by any means other than that of a compulsory purchase order, or any land proposed to be appropriated under this Act, is situate within the prescribed distance from any of the royal palaces or parks, the local authority shall communicate with the Minister of Works, and the Minister of Housing and Local Government shall, before authorising the acquisition or appropriation of the land or the raising of any loan for the purpose, take into consideration any recommendations which the local authority may have received from the Minister of Works with reference to the proposal.

For the purposes of this sub-section, " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations in a statutory instrument made by the Minister of Housing and Local Government after consultation with the Minister of Works.

150. —(1) Where any order under this Act (not being an order for the compulsory purchase of land under Part II or Part V of this Act) authorises the acquisition or appropriation to any other purpose of any land forming part of any common, open space or allotment, the order so far as it relates to the acquisition or appropriation of such land shall be subject to special Parliamentary procedure except where it provides for giving in exchange for such land other land, not being less in area, certified by the Minister after consultation with the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food to be equally advantageous to the persons, if any, entitled to commonable or other rights and to the public.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

871

(2) Before giving any such certificate, the Minister shall give public notice of the proposed exchange, and shall afford opportunities to all persons interested to make representations and objections in relation thereto, and shall, if necessary, hold a local inquiry on the subject.

(3) An order which authorises such an exchange shall provide for vesting the land given in exchange in the persons in whom the common, open space or allotment was vested, subject to the same rights, trusts and incidents as attached to the common or open space or allotment and for discharging the part of the common, open space or allotment acquired or appropriated from aU rights, trusts and incidents to which it was previously subject.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

" common " includes any land subject to be enclosed under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, and any town or village green;

" open space " means any land laid out as a public garden or used for the purposes of public recreation, and any disused burial ground;

"allotment" means any allotment set out as a fuel allotment or a field garden allotment under an Inclosure Act.

151. Where—

(a) a local authority have sold or exchanged land acquired by them under this Act and the purchaser of the land or the person taking the land in exchange has entered into a covenant with the local authority concerning the land; or

(b) an owner of any land has entered into a covenant with the local authority concerning the land for the purposes of any of the provisions of this Act; the authority shall have power to enforce the covenant against the persons deriving title under the covenantor, notwithstanding that the authority are not in possession of or interested in any land for the benefit of which the covenant was entered into, in like manner and to the like extent as if they had been possessed of or interested in such land.

152. Notwithstanding anything in section fifty of the Brine Pumping (Compensation for Subsidence) Act, 1891, a local authority or county council shall be entitled to compensation in accordance with the provisions of that Act in respect of any injury or damage to any houses belonging to them which were provided under a housing scheme towards the losses on which the Minister is liable to contribute under the Housing, Town Planning, &c. Act, 1919.

Part VII —cont.

Power of local authorities to enforce covenants against owner for the time being of land.

Compensation in certain cases of subsidence.

872

Ch. 56

Housing Act, 1957

5 & 6 E. 2

Part vn

—cont. Donations for housing purposes.

Joint action by local authorities.

Buildings situated in districts of more than one local authority.

References by local authority to public health and housing committee.

Official

representa-

tions.

153. A local authority may accept a donation of land, money or other property for any of the purposes of this Act, and it shall not be necessary to enrol any assurance with respect to any such property under the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888.

Procedure of local authorities: Official representations

154. Where, upon an application made by one of the local authorities concerned, the Minister is satisfied that it is expedient that any local authorities should act jointly for any purposes of this Act, either generally or in any special case, the Minister may by order contained in a statutory instrument make provision for the purpose and any provisions so made shall have the same effect as if they were contained in an order made under section six of the Public Health Act, 1936.

155. —(1) In the case of a building which is situated partly in the district of one local authority and partly in the district of another, the local authorities may agree that this section shall have effect in relation to the building or to the building and the site thereof and any yard, garden, out-houses, and appurtenances belonging thereto or usually enjoyed therewith.

(2) Whilst such an agreement as aforesaid is in force, the enactments relating to housing shall have effect as if the district of such one of the local authorities as may be specified therein included the whole of the building and, if the agreement so provides, the site thereof and any such other premises as aforesaid.

156. In the case of a county council, other than the London County Council, all matters relating to the exercise and performance by the council of their powers and duties under this Act (except the power of raising a rate or borrowing money) shall stand referred to the public health and housing committee of the council, and the council, before exercising any such powers, shall, unless in their opinion the matter is urgent, receive and consider the report of that committee with respect to the matter in question, and the council may also delegate to that committee, with or without restrictions or conditions as they think fit, any of their powers under this Act, except the power of raising a rate or borrowing money and except any power of resolving that the powers of a district council in default should be transferred to the council.

157. —(1) The medical officer of health of a local authority shall make an official representation to the authority whenever he is of the opinion that any house in their district is unfit for human habitation, or that any area in their district is an area which should be dealt with as a clearance area.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

873

(2) If any justice of the peace acting for the district of a local authority or, in the case of a rural district, the parish council of any parish within that area, complain to the medical officer of health in writing that any house is unfit for human habitation or that any area should be dealt with as a clearance area, it shall be his duty forthwith to inspect that house or that area and to make a report to the local authority, stating the facts of the case and whether, in his opinion, the house is unfit for human habitation or whether, in his opinion, the area should be dealt with as a clearance area, but the absence of any such complaint shall not excuse him from inspecting any house or area or making a representation thereon to the local authority.

(3) A local authority shall as soon as may be take into consideration any official representation which has been made to them.

(4) In this Act, the expression " official representation " means in the case of any local authority a representation made to that authority by the medical officer thereof, and includes also, in the case of the council of a rural district or of an urban district not containing according to the last published census a population of more than ten thousand, a representation made by the medical officer of health of the county to the county council and forwarded by them to the council of the district, and, in the case of the council of a metropolitan borough, a representation made by the medical officer of health of the County of London to the London County Council and forwarded by them to the borough council.

(5) Every representation made by a medical officer of health in pursuance of this Act shall be in writing.

Recovery,of possessio, , &c.

158,—(1) Nothing in the Rent Acts shall prevent possession being obtained of any house possession of which is required for the purpose of enabling a local authority to exercise their powers under any enactment relating to housing.

(2) Where a local authority, for the purpose of exercising their powers under any enactment relating to housing, require possession of any building or any part of a building of which they are the owners, then, whatever may be the value or rent of the building or part of a building, they may obtain possession thereof under the Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838, as in the cases therein provided for, at any time after the tenancy of the occupier has expired, or has been determined.

2 E*

Part VII —cont.

Recovery of possession of controlled houses.

874

Ch. 56

Housing Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part VII 159, Any person authorised in writing stating the particular

contm purpose or purposes for which the entry is authorised, by the

Power of entry local authority or the Minister, may at all reasonable times, on for inspection, gjving twenty-four hours’ notice to the occupier and to the owner, if the owner is known, of his intention, enter any house, premises, or buildings—

(a) for the purpose of survey or valuation, in the case of

houses, premises, or buildings which the local authority are authorised by this Act to purchase compulsorily; or

(b) for the purpose of survey and examination, in the case

of a house in respect of which—

(i) a notice requiring the execution of works has been served under Part II of this Act, or

(ii) a demolition order has been made under Part II or Part III of this Act, or

(iii) a closing order has been made under section eighteen of this Act, or

(iv) a clearance order has been made under Part III of this Act, or

(c) for the purpose of survey and examination, where it

appears to the authority or Minister that survey or examination is necessary in order to determine whether any powers under this Act should be exercised in respect of the house, premises or building; or

() for the purpose of measuring the rooms of a house in

order to ascertain for the purposes of Part IV of this Act the number of persons permitted to use the house for sleeping.

Penalty for 160. If any person obstructs the medical officer of health obstructing or any officer of the local authority, or of the Minister, or execution of any person authorised to enter houses, premises, or buildings in

Act* pursuance of this Act in the performance of anything which

such officer, authority, or person is by this Act required or authorised to do, he shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Penalty for 161. If any person, after receiving notice of the intended preventing action,— execution of

repairs, Ac. (a) being the occupier of any premises, prevents the owner

thereof or his officers, agents, servants or workmen, from carrying into effect with respect to those premises any of the provisions of Part II of this Act; or

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

875

(b) being the owner or occupier of any premises prevents Part VII the medical officer of health, or any officers, agents, servants or workmen of that officer or of the local authority, from so doing;

a magistrates’ court may order him to permit to be done on the premises all things requisite for carrying into effect those provisions, and if he fails to comply with the order, he shall, in respect of each day during which the failure continues, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Powers of the court for housing purposes

162. —(1) Where any premises in respect of which a de- Power of court molition or closing order or a clearance order has become f° dcteS2e operative form the subject matter of a lease, either the lessor

or the lessee may apply to the county court within the juris- demolished^ diction of which the premises are situate for an order under this section:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a closing order made under section eighteen of this Act.

(2) Upon any such application as aforesaid, the county court judge, after giving to any sub-lessee an opportunity of being heard, may, if he thinks fit, make an order for the determination of the lease, or for the variation thereof, and, in either case, either unconditionally or subject to such terms and conditions (including conditions with respect to the payment of money by any party to the proceedings to any other party thereto by way of compensation, damages, or otherwise) as he may think just and equitable to impose, regard being had to the respective rights, obligations, and liabilities of the parties under the lease and all the other circumstances of the case.

(3) In this section the expression " lease " includes an underlease and any tenancy or agreement for a lease, under-lease, or tenancy, and the expressions " lessor," " lessee," and " sublessee " shall be construed accordingly, and as including also a person deriving title under a lessor, lessee or sub-lessee.

163. —(1) If it appears to a magistrates’ court, on the appli- Power of court cation of any owner of a house in respect of which a notice to authorise requiring the execution of works has been served under Part II owne^ to

of this Act, or a demolition order or a clearance order has been on^faultof made, that owing to the default of any other owner of the house another owner, in executing any works required to be executed on the house, or in demolishing the house, the interests of the applicant will be prejudiced, the court may make an order empowering the applicant forthwith to enter on the house, and, within a period fixed

2 E * 2

176

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part VII by the order, execute the said works or demolish the house, as

—cont. the case may be; and where it seems to the court just so to do,

the court may make a like order in favour of any other owner.

(2) Before an order is made under this section, notice of the application shall be given to the local authority.

POWeih°^ COUrt 164*—0) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the court,

««rutionof on an aPP^ca^on made in accordance with rules of court by works on unfit any person entitled to any interest in any land used in whole or premises or for in part as a site for houses—

improvement. (a) that the premises on the land are, or are likely to become, dangerous or injurious to health or unfit for human habitation, and that the interests of the applicant are thereby prejudiced; or

(b) that the applicant should be entrusted with the carrying out of a scheme of improvement or reconstruction approved by the local authority of the district in which the land is situate; the court may make an order empowering the applicant forthwith to enter on the land and within a period fixed by the order to execute such works as may be necessary, and may order that any lease or agreement for a lease held from the applicant and any derivative under-lease shall be determined, subject to such conditions and to the payment of such compensation as the court may think just.

(2) The court shall include in its order provisions to secure that the proposed works are carried out and may authorise the local authority in whose district the land is situated, or which approved the scheme of improvement or reconstruction, as the case may be, to exercise such supervision or take such action as may be necessary for the purpose.

(3) For the purposes of this section, " court " means the High Court, and the Court of Chancery of the county palatine of Lancaster or Durham or the county court, where those courts respectively have jurisdiction.

(4) As respects the administrative county of London other than the City of London—

(a) the local authority for the purposes of the provisions of this section relating to such premises as are mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) thereof shall be the metropolitan borough council; and

(b) both the London County Council and the council of a metropolitan borough shall within that borough be local authorities for the purposes of the provisions of this section relating to schemes of improvement or reconstruction.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

877

165. Where the local authority or any person interested in a house applies to the county court and—

Ia)it is proved to the satisfaction of the court that, owing to changes in the character of the neighbourhood in which the house is situated, the house cannot readily be let as a single tenement but could readily be let for occupation if converted into two or more tenements; or

(b) planning permission has been granted under Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, for the use of the house as converted into two or more separate dwelling-houses instead of as a single dwelling-house,

and it is proved to the satisfaction of the court that by reason of the provisions of the lease of or any restrictive covenant affecting the house, or otherwise, such conversion is prohibited or restricted, the court, after giving any person interested an opportunity of being heard, may vary the terms of the lease or other instrument imposing the prohibition or restriction so as to enable the house to be so converted subject to such conditions and upon such terms as the court may think just.

Notices, orders, dec.

166. —(1) Any demolition order, any closing order under section eighteen of this Act, any clearance order and any other order in writing made by a local authority under this Act, not being a closing order, shall be under their seal and authenticated by the signature of their clerk or his lawful deputy.

(2) A notice, demand or other written document proceeding from a local authority under this Act shall be signed by their clerk or his lawful deputy:

Provided that—

(a) this subsection shall not apply to a notice to be served

under section twenty-six or section thirty of this Act; and

(b) a notice, demand or other document proceeding from

the London County Council in their capacity as landlord of the premises to which the notice, demand or other document relates may be signed by any officer of the Council authorised by the Council to sign notices, demands or documents of that particular kind or the particular notice, demand or document, as the case may be, and. if so signed, need not be signed by the clerk to the London County Council or his lawful deputy.

167. Any document purporting to be a certificate of a local authority named therein issued for any of the purposes of this

Part VII

—cont. Power of court to authorise conversion of house into several tenements.

Authentication of orders, notices,

Authentication of certificates.

878

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part VII —cont.

Service of notices, Sec., on local authorities.

Service of notices. c, on persons other than local

authorities.

Power of local authority to require information as to

ownership of premises.

Act and to be signed by the clerk to that authority shall be received in evidence and be deemed to be such a certificate without further proof unless the contrary is shown.

168. Any notice, summons, writ or other proceeding at law or otherwise required to be served on a local authority for any of the purposes of this Act may be served upon the authority by delivering it to their clerk, or by leaving it at his office with some person employed there, or by sending it by post in a registered letter addressed to the authority or their clerk at their office.

169. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the last foregoing section, any notice, order or other document required or authorised to be served under this Act may be served either—

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be

served, or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of abode of

that person, or

(c) by sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed

to that person at his usual or last known place of abode, or

() in the case of an incorporated company or body, by

delivering it to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at their registered or principal office or sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at that office, or

(e) if it is not practicable after reasonable enquiry to ascertain the name or address of an owner, lessee or occupier of land on whom it should be served, by addressing it to him by the description of "owner" or " lessee " or " occupier " of the premises (naming them) to which it relates, and by delivering it to some person on the premises or, if there is no person on the premises to whom it can be delivered, by affixing it, or a copy of it, to some conspicuous part of the premises.

(2) This section shall not apply to the service under section nineteen of this Act of a copy of a closing order made under the proviso to subsection (1) of section seventeen of this Act or made under subsection (3) of that section, or to the service of a notice under section twenty-six or section thirty of this Act

170. A local authority may, for the purpose of enabling them to serve any notice (including any copy of any notice) which they are by this Act authorised or required to serve, require the occupier of any premises and any person who, either directly or indirectly, receives rent in respect of any premises, to state in writing the nature of his interest therein and the name and address of any other person known to him as having an interest therein, whether as freeholder, mortgagee, lessee or otherwise.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

879

and any person who, having been required by a local authority Part VII in pursuance of this section to give to them any information, —com.

fails to give that information, or knowingly makes any misstatement in respect thereof, shall be liable on summary convic tion to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

Default of local authorities

171.—(1) In any case where— Powers of

(a) complaint is made to the council of a county by the county council

parish council or parish meeting of any parish com- 2Je evts^of* ™ prised in any rural district in the county, or by any default of rural justice of the peace acting for, or by any four or district council, more local government electors of, any such district, that the council of that district have failed to exercise their powers under this Act in any case where those powers ought to have been exercised; or

(b) the council of a county is of opinion that an investiga-

tion should be made as to whether the council of any rural district in the county have failed as aforesaid; the county council may cause a public local inquiry to be held, and if, after the inquiry has been held, they are satisfied that there has been such a failure on the part of the district council, they make make an order declaring the district council to be in default and transferring to themselves all or any of the said powers of the district council with respect to the whole or any part of the district

(2) Where an order is made under subsection (1) of this section the council of the rural district with respect to which it is made may, within a period of twenty-eight days beginning with the date on which the order is made, appeal to the Minister against the order; and in any such case the Minister shall give to the councils of the rural district and the county, and to any other authority or person appearing to him to be interested, an opportunity to appear before and be heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose, and may either confirm the order with or without modification or quash the order.

(3) An order under subsection (1) of this section shall not come into force—

(a) in any case, until the expiration of a period of twenty-

eight days beginning with the date on which the order is made, and

(b) in a case where an appeal is brought under this section,

unless and until the order is confirmed on the appeal.

(4) An order made under this section may provide that section sixty-three of the Local Government Act, 1894, shall, subject to such modifications and adaptations as may be specified in the order, apply in relation to the powers transferred by the order as it applies in relation to powers transferred under that Act.

880

Part VII

—cont.

Powers of Minister in the event of default by county council in the exercise of transferred powers.

Power of Minister in the event of default of local

authority other

than rural

district council.

Ch. 56 Housing A; 1957 5 & 6 Euz 2

(5) If upon a representation made to the Minister by any justice of the peace acting for, or by any four or more local government electors of, any rural district, or otherwise, it appears to the Minister that a county council have failed or refused to make an order under subsection (1) of this section in any case where they should have made such an order, or that any such order made by a county council is defective in that it fails to transfer powers which should have been transferred, or in that it does not apply to any part of the district to which it should have applied, the Minister may, if the county council have not made any order, himself make any order which they might have made, and if an order made by the county council is a defective order, himself make a supplementary order enlarging the scope of their order in such manner as he thinks fit.

The Minister’s powers of making orders under this subsection shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and subsection (2) of this section shall apply in relation to an order made under this subsection as it applies in relation to an order made under subsection (1) of this section.

172, If upon a representation made to the Minister by any justice of the peace acting for, or by any four or more local government electors of, any rural district, or otherwise, it appears to the Minister that a county council to whom powers have been transferred under the last foregoing section have failed to exercise those powers in any case where those powers ought to have been exercised, he may cause a public local inquiry to be held and if, after the inquiry has been held, he is satisfied that the county council have failed as aforesaid, he may either—

(a) make an order directing them to exercise such of the

said powers, in such manner and within such time as

may be specified in his order; or

(b) make an order rendering any of the said powers exer-

ciseable by himself.

173. —(1) In any case where—

(a) a complaint is made to the Minister—

(i) as respects the council of any non-county borough or urban district, by the council of the county in which the borough or district is situate, or by any justice of the peace acting for, or by any four or more local government electors of, the borough or district; or

(ii) as respects any local authority, not being the council of a non-county borough or of an urban or rural district, by any justice of the peace acting for, or by any four or more local government electors of, the area of the authority,

that the local authority have failed to exercise their

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

881

powers under this Act in any case where these powers Part vn ought to have been exercised; or —com.

(b) the Minister is of opinion that an investigation should be made as to whether any local authority, not being the council of a rural district, have failed as aforesaid;

the Minister may cause a public local inquiry to be held and, if after the inquiry has been held he is satisfied that there has been such a failure on the part of the local authority, he may make an order declaring the authority to be in default and directing them to exercise for the purpose of remedying the default such of their powers, and in such manner and within such time or times, as may be specified in the order.

(2) If a local authority with respect to whom an order has been made under the foregoing subsection fail to comply with any requirement thereof within the time limited thereby for compliance with that requirement, the Minister, in lieu of enforcing the order, may, if he thinks fit, adopt one of the following courses—

(a) if the local authority concerned is the council of a

non-county borough, or of an urban district, he may make an order directing the council of the county within which that borough or district is situate to perform such of the obligations of the borough or district council under the original order within such times as may be specified in his order addressed to the county council; or

(b) in any case, he may make an order rendering exercise-

able by himself such of the powers of the local authority under this Act as may be specified in his order.

(3) The Minister’s powers of making orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

174. An order under the last foregoing section directing a Provisions as county council to perform any obligations of the council of a t(? orders non-county borough or of an urban district may— oou^aHiiidl

(a) for the purpose of enabling the county council to comply to perform with the order, transfer to them any of the powers conferred by this Act on local authorities; urban district

(b) provide that section sixty-three of the Local Government Act, 1894, shall, subject to such modifications and adaptations as may be specified in the order, apply in relation to the powers so transferred as it applies in relation to powers transferred under that Act.

882

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part VD

—cont. Provisions as to exercise

by Minister of powers of a local authority.

Power to vary and revoke certain orders relating to defaults.

Power of London County Council in the event of default of metropolitan borough council.

175. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect in any case where under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act the Minister has by order rendered exerciseable by himself any powers of a local authority.

(2) Any expenses incurred by the Minister in exercising the said powers shall be paid in the first instance out of moneys provided by Parliament, but the amount of those expenses as certified by the Minister shall on demand be paid by the local authority to the Minister and shall be recoverable as a debt due to the Crown.

(3) The payment of any such expenses as aforesaid shall to such extent as may be sanctioned by the Minister, be a purpose for which a local authority may borrow money.

(4) The Minister may by order vest in and transfer to the local authority any property, debts or liabilities acquired or incurred by him in exercising the powers of the local authority, and that property and those debts or liabilities shall vest and attach accordingly.

(5) In this section the expression " local authority ", in relation to any powers which, upon the default of a local authority, have been transferred to a county council, means the local authority in whom those powers were originally vested.

176. In any case where under this Act an order has been made by a county council transferring to that council any powers or duties of a local authority, or an order has been made by the Minister transferring to a county council, or directing a county council to exercise, any powers or duties of a local authority, or rendering any powers or duties of a local authority exerciseable by the Minister, the county council or, in the case of an order made by the Minister, the Minister, may at any time by a subsequent order vary or revoke that order, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder; and, when any order is so revoked, the county council or, as the case may be, the Minister, may either by the revoking order, or by a supplemental order, make such provision as appears to be desirable with respect to the transfer, vesting and discharge of any property, debts or liabilities acquired or incurred by the county council, or by the Minister, in exercising the powers or duties to which the order so revoked related.

177. —(1) Where a complaint has been made to the Minister by the London County Council that the council of a metropolitan borough have failed—

(a) to exercise their powers under section eighteen of this

Act in a case where those powers ought to have been exercised; or

(b) to make an inspection of their borough under section

seventy-six of this Act or, within a reasonable period.

1957

Housing Act, 1957

Ch. 56

883

to complete the inspection and to submit the report thereon; or

(c) to enforce the provisions of Part IV of this Act;

the Minister, if satisfied after due inquiry that there has been such a failure on the part of that council, may make an order declaring that council to be in default and directing that council to exercise such powers as may be necessary for the purpose of remedying the default in such manner and within such time as may be specified in the order.

(2) If the council to whom the order is addressed fail to comply with any requirement thereof within the time limited thereby for compliance therewith, the Minister may make an order directing the London County Council to perform such of the obligations of the metropolitan borough council under the original order within such time as may be specified in his order addressed to the London County Council.

(3) An order under the last foregoing subsection may provide that section two hundred and ninety-two of the Public Health (London) Act, 1936, shall, subject to such modifications and adaptations as may be specified in the order, apply in relation to the obligations specified therein as it applies in relation to duties which the London County Council are appointed to perform under that section.

(4) The Minister’s powers of making orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

General Powers of Minister

178. —(1) The Minister may by regulations prescribe anything which by this Act is to be prescribed and the form of any notice, advertisement, statement or other document which is required or authorised to be used under, or for the purposes of, this Act:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a notice under section twenty-six or section thirty of this Act.

(2) The power of making regulations under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

179. —(1) The Minister may dispense with the publication of advertisements or the service of notices required to be published or served by a local authority under this Act, if he is satisfied that there is reasonable cause for dispensing with the publication or service:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a notice under section twenty-six or section thirty of this Act.

Part VII

—cont.

Power of Minister to prescribe forms, etc.

Dispensation

with

advertisements and notices.

884

Ch. 56

Housing A, 195/

5 & 6EUZ.2

Part VII

—cont.

Provisions as to orders made by Minister.

Local inquiries and reports.

Arrangements between the Minister and other

Departments.

(2) Any such dispensation may be given by the Minister either before or after the time at which the advertisement is required to be published or the notice is required to be served, and either unconditionally, or upon such conditions as to the publication of other advertisements or the service of other notices or otherwise as the Minister thinks fit, due care being taken by him to prevent the interests of any persons being prejudiced by the dispensation.

180.—(1) All orders made by the Minister in pursuance of this Act shall be binding and conclusive in respect of the matters to which they refer, and shall be published in such manner as the Minister may direct.

(2) The reasonable costs of any local authority in respect of provisional orders made in pursuance of this Act, and of the inquiry preliminary thereto, as sanctioned by the Minister, shall be deemed to be expenses properly incurred for purposes of this Act by the local authority interested in such provisional orders, and such costs shall be paid accordingly; and if thought expedient by the Minister, the local authority may contract a loan for the purposes of defraying such costs.

181.—(1) For the purpose of the execution of his powers and duties under this Act, the Minister may cause such local inquiries to be held as he may think fit.

(2) If it appears to the Minister that owing to density of population, or any other reason, it is expedient to inquire into the circumstances of any area with a view to determining whether any powers under this Act should be put into force in that area or not, the Minister may require the local authority to make a report to him containing such particulars as to the population of the district and other matters as he may direct, and the local authority shall comply with the requirement of the Minister, and any expenses incurred by them in so doing shall be paid as expenses incurred in the execution of such Part of this Act as the Minister may determine.

182. The Minister may make arrangements with any other Government Department for the exercise and performance by that Department of any of his powers and duties under this Act which in his opinion could be more conveniently so exercised and performed, and in that case that Department and the officers thereof shall have the same powers and duties as are by this Act conferred on the Minister and his officers.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

885

Miscellaneous provisions as to London Part vn

183. —(1) The London County Council and the Common

Council of the City of London or the council of a metropolitan between local borough may at any time enter into an agreement with respect authorities to__ in London.

(a) any action to be taken under the provisions of Part III of this Act relating to clearance areas, or redevelopment areas, or under Part IV of this Act, or under the provisions of section one hundred and sixty-four of this Act relating to schemes of improvement or reconstruction, or in connection with the provision of new houses to abate overcrowding;

(b) the exercise by one of the parties to the agreement of

any powers conferred under the provisions of Part III of this Act relating to redevelopment areas or under Part IV of this Act on the other party thereto;

(c) the making of contributions by one of those councils

towards the expenses incurred by the other of them in taking any such action or in any such exercise of powers as aforesaid; or

(d) the carrying out of any housing operations under Part V of this Act and the apportionment of the expenses incurred in carrying out such operations.

(2) It shall be the duty of the council of every metropolitan borough to furnish any information in their power which may reasonably be required by the London County Council for the purpose of enabling them to carry out their duties under the provisions of Part III of this Act relating to clearance areas, or under the provisions of section one hundred and sixty-four of this Act relating to schemes of improvement or reconstruction.

184. The London County Council and the Common Council Agreements of the City of London or any metropolitan borough council may between the enter into agreements by which the Common Council or the metropolitan borough council may contribute such amounts as coundl and may be agreed towards the provision of houses by the London other County Council within or without the county to meet any special authorities in needs of the Common Council or of any metropolitan borough London* council.

185. The London County Council and the Common Council of the City of London, or any other council being a local authority of an area adjacent to or in the vicinity of the county of London, may enter into agreements for the provision by the London County Council of houses outside the county of London to meet the special needs of the other council, or for the provision by the other council of houses within their area to meet

Agreements between the London County Coundl and neighbouring authorities as to provision of houses.

886

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part VII

—cont.

Provisions as to medical officers of health in London.

Provisions as to City of London.

Powers of Act to be cumulative.

the needs of the London County Council, and for the payment in either case of such contributions as may be agreed by the council needing the houses to the council providing them.

In this section the expression " county of London " means the administrative county of London exclusive of the City of London.

186. —(1) The London County Council may, with the consent of the Minister, at any time appoint one or more duly qualified medical practitioner or practitioners with such remuneration as they think fit for the purpose of carrying into effect any Part of this Act.

(2) Any medical officer of health appointed by the London County Council and any officer appointed by them under this section shall be deemed to be a medical officer of health of a local authority within the meaning of this Act.

187. —(1) The Common Council of the City of London may appoint a committee, consisting of so many persons as they think fit, for any purposes of this Act which in their opinion may be better regulated and managed by means of a committee:

Provided that a committee so appointed shall consist as to a majority of its members of members of the Common Council, and shall not be authorised to borrow any money, or to make any rate, and shall be subject to any regulations and restrictions which may be imposed by the Common Council.

(2) A person shall not, by reason only of the fact that he occupies a house at a rental from the Common Council of the City of London, be disqualified from being elected or being a member of the Common Council or of any committee thereof, but no person shall vote as a member of the Common Council, or any committee thereof, upon any resolution or question which is proposed or arises in pursuance of this Act, if it relates to any house, building or land in which he is beneficially interested.

(3) If any person votes in contravention of this section, he shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, but the fact of his giving the vote shall not invalidate any resolution or proceeding of the local authority.

Part VIII Supplemental

188. All powers given by this Act shall be deemed to be in addition to and not in derogation of any other powers conferred by Act of Parliament, law, or custom, and such other powers may be exercised in the same manner as if this Act had not passed, and nothing in this Act shall exempt any person from any penalty to which he would have been subject if this Act had not passed:

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

887

Provided that a local authority shall not, by reason of any Part Yin local Act relating to a place within their jurisdiction, be ex- —com. empted from the performance of any duty or obligation to which such authority are subject under this Act.

189.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires— Interpretation. " apparatus " means sewers, drains, culverts, water-courses, mains, pipes, valves, tubes, cables, wires, transformers, and other apparatus laid down or used for or in connection with the carrying, conveying or supplying to any premises of a supply of water, water for hydraulic power, gas or electricity, and standards and brackets carrying street lamps;

"building byelaws" includes byelaws made by any local authority under section one hundred and fifty-seven of the Public Health Act, 1875, or section sixty-one of the Public Health Act, 1936, with respect to new buildings, including the drainage thereof, and new streets, and any enactments in any local Acts dealing with the construction and drainage of new buildings and the laying out and construction of new streets, and any byelaws made with respect to such matters under any such local Act;

" contributory place " has the same meaning as in the Public Health Act, 1936;

" development corporation " means a development corporation established under the New Towns Act, 1946;

"fit for human habitation" has the meaning assigned to it by sections four and five of this Act;

" house " includes—

(a) any yard, garden, outhouses, and appurtenances belonging thereto or usually enjoyed therewith, and

(b) for the purposes of any provisions of this Act relating to the provision of housing accommodation, any part of a building which is occupied or intended to be occupied as a separate dwelling;

" housing association " means a society, body of trustees or company established for the purpose of, or amongst whose objects or powers are included those of, constructing, improving or managing or facilitating or encouraging the construction or improvement of, houses, being a society, body of trustees or company who do not trade for profit or whose constitution or rules prohibit the issue of any capital with interest or dividend exceeding the rate for the time being prescribed by the Treasury, whether with or without differentiation as between share and loan capital;

" housing trust " means a corporation or body of persons which by the terms of its constituent instrument, is

888

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part vm

—cont.

Consequential

amendments.

required to devote the whole of its funds, including any surplus which may arise from its operations, to the provision of houses for persons the majority of whom are in fact members of the working classes, and to other purposes incidental thereto;

" land " includes any right over land;

" local government elector " has the meaning assigned to it by sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 1 of the Eighth Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1949, as amended by the Electoral Registers Act, 1953;

"official representation" has the meaning assigned to it by section one hundred and fifty-seven of this Act; " the Minister " means the Minister of Housing and Local Government;

"owner", in relation to any building or land, means a person other than a mortgagee not in possession, who is for the time being entitled to dispose of the fee simple of the building or land, whether in possession or in reversion, and includes also a person holding or entitled to the rents and profits of the building or land under a lease or agreement, the unexpired term whereof exceeds three years;

" the Rent Acts " means the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1939;

" statutory undertakers " means any persons authorised by any enactment or by an order, rule or regulation made under an enactment, to construct, work or carry on a railway, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour, tramway, gas, electricity, water or other public undertaking;

" street " includes any court, alley, passage, square, or row of houses, whether a thoroughfare or not.

(2) In this Act references to a local authority where not limited by the context to references to the local authority for the purposes of this Act or of any enactment in this Act or of any other enactment relating to housing, unless the context otherwise requires include references to the Common Council of the City of London, the London County Council, a metropolitan borough council and the council of a borough, urban district or rural district

(3) Save where the context otherwise requires, references in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by any other enactment.

190. The enactments mentioned in the Tenth Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in that Schedule, being amendments consequential on the provisions of this Act.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

889

191*—(1) The enactments set out in the Eleventh Schedule Part VIII

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the

third column of that Schedule. Repeal and

sa vines.

(2) The repeals made by this section shall not affect any order, byelaw, regulation or plan made, charge effected, undertaking, notice, approval, certificate, direction or determination given, or other thing done before the commencement of this Act, but any order, byelaw, regulation, plan, charge, undertaking, notice, approval, certificate, direction, determination or thing made, effected, given or done, or having effect as if made, effected, given or done, under any enactment repealed by this section shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, continue in force and shall, so far as it could have been made, effected, given or done under this Act, have effect as if made, effected, given or done under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) Any person who at the commencement of this Act holds office or acts or serves under or by virtue of any enactment repealed by this Act shall continue to hold his office or to act or serve as if he had been appointed under this Act.

(4) Any enactment or document referring to any enactment repealed by this Act, by the Housing Act, 1936, or by the Housing Act, 1925, shall be construed as referring to the corresponding provision of this Act.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (3) of section one hundred and twenty-two of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952 (which provides that rules under that section may amend or repeal any enactment passed before the sixteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-nine so far as it relates to matters about which such rules may be made), this Act shall be treated as if it had been passed before that date.

(6) The provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to the provisions of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, as to the effect of repeals.

192. Without prejudice to subsection (2) of the last foregoing Construction section, any reference in any provision of this Act to, or to things of references^ done or falling to be done under, any provision of this Act shall,

if and so far as the context permits, be construed as including, in ^pealed, relation to times, circumstances and purposes in relation to which the corresponding provision in the enactments repealed by this Act, by the Housing Act, 1936, or by the Housing Act, 1925, has or had effect, a reference to, or to things done or falling to be done under, that corresponding provisioa

193. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Housing Act, 1957. Short title,

(2) This Act shall come into force on the first day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven. extent

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Compulsory Purchase of Land under Part II

1. —(1) The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, shall apply to a compulsory purchase of land under Part II of this Act as if this Act had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act, but that Act and the enactments applied by that Act shall have effect subject to the provisions of this Act

(2) In the case of a compulsory purchase of land under Part II of this Act section one hundred and thirty-three of the Lands Causes Consolidation Act, 1845 (which relates to promoters making good deficiencies in rates), shall not apply.

(3) Any compensation payable in pursuance of a compulsory purchase under Part II of this Act by a local authority in respect of any lands, estate or interest of another local authority which would, but for this sub-paragraph, be paid into court in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts may, if the Minister consents, instead of being paid into court, be paid and applied as the Minister may determine.

A decision of the Minister under this sub-paragraph shall be final and conclusive.

2. —(1) A notice relating to a compulsory purchase of land under Part II of this Act which by paragraph ( of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 3 of the First Schedule to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, is to be served on an owner, lessee or occupier of such land may be served by addressing it to him by the description of " owner " or " lessee " or " occupier " of the land (describing it) to which it relates and by delivering it to some person on the premises or, if there is no person on the premises to whom it may be delivered, by affixing it, or a copy of it, to some conspicuous part of the premises.

(2) The foregoing sub-paragraph shall be without prejudice to the methods of serving notices prescribed by paragraph 19 of the First Schedule to the said Act.

3. Where a local authority are authorised under Part II of this Act to purchase compulsorily any house (and, in the case of a purchase under section twelve of /this Act, the house is to be used for housing purposes under Part V of this Act) and the local authority have acquired the right to enter on and take possession of the house by virtue of having served a notice under paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, the local authority may, instead of exercising that right by taking actual possession of the house, proceed by serving notice on any person then in occupation of the house or any part thereof authorising him to continue in occupation upon terms specified in the notice, or on such other terms as may be agreed; and

1957

Housing Act, 1957

Ch. 56

891

accordingly where the authority proceed in the manner authorised 1st Sch. by this paragraph,— —com.

(a) the like consequences shall then ensue, with respect to the determination of the rights and liabilities of any person arising out of any interest of his in the house or any part thereof, as would have ensued if the authority had taken actual possession on the date of the notice, and the authority may deal with the premises in all respects as if they had done so; and

(b) for the purposes of section one hundred and twenty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (which provides for payment of compensation to persons entitled to possession under short tenancies who are required to give up possession), any person who by virtue of this paragraph ceases to be entitled to receive rent in respect of any premises shall be deemed to have been required to give up possession thereof.

Ascertainment of Amount Payable for Well-maintained

Houses

1. The payment in respect of a house under section thirty or section sixty of this Act shall be an amount ascertained in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Schedule.

2. —(1) The payment shall be of an amount equal either—

(a) to the amount by which the aggregate expenditure which

is shown to the satisfaction of the local authority to have been incurred in maintaining the house during the five years immediately before the date on which the relevant order was made exceeds an amount equal to one and one-quarter times the rateable value of the house, or

(b) to the rateable value of (the house multiplied by the appro-

priate multiplier,

whichever is the greater:

Provided that the payment shall not in any case exceed the difference between the full value of the house (that is to say the amount which would have been payable as compensation if it had been purchased oompulsorily but not as being unfit for human habitation) and the site value thereof (that is to say the amount which is payable as compensation by virtue of its being purchased compulsorily as being unfit for human habitation, or which would have been so payable if it had been so purchased), and any question as to such value shall be determined, in default of agreement, as if it had been a question of disputed compensation arising on such a purchase.

(2) No payment shall be made under this paragraph to any person in respect of a house where a payment falls to be made in respect

SECOND SCHEDULE Payments in respect of Unfit Houses Part 1

Sections 30, 60.

892

Ch. 56

Housing Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. of an interest of that person in that house under Part II of this —cont. Schedule:

Provided that where the payment under Part II of this Schedule falls to be made in relation to part only of the house, this subparagraph shall not apply to so much of any amount which has been paid or which would otherwise be payable under this Part of this Schedule as may reasonably be attributed to the remainder of the house.

3.—(1) In the foregoing provisions of this Schedule " the appropriate multiplier " means—

(a) if at the date of the making of the relevant order the house is occupied by the owner thereof and has been owned or occupied by him or by a member of his family continuously during the three years immediately before that date, three times or such other multiple as may be prescribed;

(b) if at the said date the house is not so occupied, one-and-a-half times or such other multiple as may be prescribed.

In this sub-paragraph M prescribed " means prescribed by an order made by the Minister by statutory instrument which shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(2) In this Part of this Schedule " rateable value " means in relation to a house the value which, in the valuation list in force at the date on which the relevant order is made, is shown on that date as the rateable value of the house, or, where the net annual value differs from the rateable value, as the net annual value.

Part II

Sections 31, 61. Payments TO OWNER-OCCUPIERS AND OTHERS IN RESPECT OP

Unfit Houses Purchased or Demolished

Private dwellings

4.—(1) This paragraph shall have effect where at any time before the thirteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and sixty-five, a house has been purchased at site value in pursuance of a compulsory purchase order made by virtue of Part II or Part III of this Act or has been vacated in pursuance of—

(a) a demolition order under Part II of this Act, or

(b) a closing order under the proviso to subsection (1) of section seventeen of this Act, or

(c) a clearance order.

(2) If on the thirteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, the house was wholly or partly occupied as a private dwelling by (or by a member of the family of) a person who acquired an interest in that house by purchase for value on or after the first day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and before—

(a) the said thirteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, or

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

893

(b) the date when the relevant proceedings leading to the purchase or vacation of the house were begun,

whichever was the earlier, and at the date when the house was purchased compulsorily or, as the case may be, vacated that person or a member of his family was entitled to an interest in the house, the local authority by whom the order in question was made shall make in respect of that interest a payment of the amount hereinafter specified.

(3) Where a person ceased to occupy a house or part of a house not more than one year before the said thirteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, by reason only of a posting in the course of his duties as a member of the armed forces of the Crown or of a change in the place of his employment or occupation, the last foregoing sub-paragraph shall have effect as if that person had occupied that house or part on that day in like manner as immediately before he ceased to occupy it.

(4) The amount of any payment made under this paragraph in respect of an interest shall be an amount equal to its full compulsory purchase value less the compensation which was or would have been payable in respect of the interest in connection with the compulsory purchase of the house at site value:

Provided that any amount which would otherwise be payable under this sub-paragraph shall be reduced by so much, if any, of that amount as may reasonably be attributed to any part of the house occupied for any purposes other than those of a private dwelling at the date of the making of the compulsory purchase order, demolition or closing order or clearance order.

(5) Any question arising under the proviso to the last foregoing sub-paragraph as to the purposes for which any part of a house was occupied shall be determined by the Minister, and subject thereto the amount of any payment in respect of an interest under this paragraph shall be determined (in default of agreement), and any such payment shall be dealt with, as if it were compensation payable in respect of a compulsory purchase of the interest under Part III of this Act:

Provided that, in relation to an interest which, at the date when the house was purchased compulsorily or, as the case may be, vacated, was held by virtue of an agreement to purchase by instalments, this subparagraph shall have effect as if the words "and any such payment shall be dealt with " were omitted therefrom, and the payment shall be made to the person entitled to the interest at the said date.

(6) For the purposes of this paragraph the relevant proceedings leading to the purchase or vacation of the house shall be deemed to have been begun—

(a) in the case of a house comprised in an area declared as a clearance area, on the date when the area was so declared.

2nd Sch.

—cont.

894

Ch. 56

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch.

—cont.

I

Housing A, 1957

(b) in the case of a house authorised by an order confirmed by

the Minister under subsection (3) of section fifty-seven of this Act to be purchased compulsorily as being unfit for human habitation and not capable at reasonable expense of being rendered so fit, on the date when the order was made,

(c) in the case of a house purchased compulsorily under sec-

tion twelve of this Act after the court, in allowing an appeal against a notice requiring the execution of works to that house, has found that the house cannot be rendered fit for human habitation at a reasonable expense, on the date when that notice was served,

() in the case of a house purchased compulsorily under section twenty-nine of this Act, on the date when notice of the determination to purchase was served in pursuance of section nineteen of this Act,

(e) in the case of a house vacated in pursuance of a demolition

order or closing order, the date when the order was made.

(7) In this paragraph 44 family ", in relation to any person, means the husband or wife, the children over eighteen years of age and the parents of that person.

5.—(1) Where a payment falls to be made under the last foregoing paragraph in respect of any person's interest in a house and at the date when the house was purchased compulsorily or, as the case may be, vacated, that interest was the subject of a mortgage or other charge or an agreement to purchase by instalments, either party to the mortgage, charge or agreement may apply to the county court who, after giving to the other party to the mortgage, charge or agreement an opportunity of being heard, may, if the court thinks fit, make an order—

(< a]) in the case of a house which has been purchased compulsorily, discharging or modifying any outstanding liabilities of the person aforesaid by virtue of any bond, covenant or other obligation with respect to the debt secured by the mortgage or charge or by virtue of the agreement, or

(b) in the case of a house vacated in pursuance of a demolition order, closing order or clearance order, discharging or modifying the terms of the mortgage, charge or agreement,

and in either case either unconditionally or subject to such terms and conditions, including conditions with respect to the payment of money, as the court may think just and equitable to impose.

(2) In determining in any case what order, if any, to make under this paragraph, the court shall have regard to all the circumstances of the case, and in particular in the case of a mortgage or charge—

(a) to whether the mortgagee or person entitled to the benefit of the charge acted reasonably in advancing the principal sum on the terms of the mortgage or charge, and

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

895

(6) to the extent to which the house may have become unfit for 2md Sch. human habitation owing to any default on the part of the —coal, mortgagor or person entitled to the interest charged in carrying out any obligation under the terms of the mortgage or charge with respect to the repair of the house.

or, in the case of an agreement to purchase by instalments, to how far the amount already paid by way of principal, or, where the house has been purchased compulsorily, the aggregate of that amount and so much, if any, of the compensation in respect of the compulsory purchase as falls to be paid to the vendor, represents an adequate price for the purchase; and for the purposes of paragraph ( ) of this sub-paragraph the mortgagee or person entitled to the benefit of the charge shall be deemed to have acted unreasonably if, at the time when the mortgage or charge was made, he knew or ought to have known that in all the circumstances of the case the terms of the mortgage or charge did not afford sufficient security for the principal sum advanced.

Business premises

6.—(1) This paragraph shall have effect where on or after the thirteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, a house has been purchased at site value in pursuance of a compulsory purchase order made by virtue of Part 11 or Part 111 of this Act or vacated in pursuance of—

(a) a demolition order under Part II of this Act, or

(b) a clearance order.

(2) If at the date of the making of the order the house was occupied wholly or partly for the purposes of a business and the person entitled to the receipts of the business held an interest in the house, the local authority by whom the order was made shall make in respect of that interest a payment of the amount hereinafter specified:

Provided that no payment shall be made under this paragraph in respect of any interest in a house unless the house was occupied wholly or partly for business purposes, and a person entitled to the receipts of a business carried on wholly or partly therein held an interest in the house, either on the thirteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, or at all times during the ten years preceding the date of the making of the order.

(3) The amount of the payment shall be the full compulsory purchase value of the interest less the compensation which was or would have been payable in respect of the interest in connection with the compulsory purchase of the house at site value:

Provided that any amount which would otherwise be payable shall be reduced by so much, if any, of that amount as may reasonably be attributed to any part of the house not occupied at the date of the making of the order for the purposes of the business.

(4) Any question arising under the proviso to the last foregoing sub-paragraph as to the purposes for which any part of a house was

896

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 ELiz. 2

2nd Sch. occupied shall be determined by the Minister, and subject thereto —cont. the amount of any payment in respect of an interest under this section shall be determined (in default of agreement), and any such payment shall be dealt with, as if it were compensation payable in respect of a compulsory purchase of the interest under Part HI of this Act

(5) In this paragraph " business ", in relation to the purposes for which a house was occupied, does not include the letting of accommodation in that house, whether with or without service.

Interpretation

7.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule, a house which might have been the subject of a demolition order but which has» without the making of such an order, been vacated and demolished in pursuance of an undertaking for its demolition given to the local authority shall be deemed to have been vacated in pursuance of a demolition order made and served at the date when the undertaking was given.

(2) In this Part of this Schedule, except where the context otherwise requires,—

"compensation", in relation to compulsory purchase, means the compensation payable in respect thereof apart from any payment under section thirty-one or thirty-five of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1954,

"full compulsory purchase value", in relation to any interest in a house, means the compensation payable in respect of the compulsory purchase of that interest if that compensation fell to be assessed in accordance with subsections (1) and (4) of section fifty-nine of this Act and paragraph 2 of Part III of the Third Schedule to this Act had not been passed and, in the case of a house subject to a clearance order, demolition order or closing order, if the making of that order were a service of the notice to treat,

" house " includes any building constructed or adapted wholly or partly as, or for the purposes of, a dwelling,

" interest " in a house does not include the interest of a tenant for a year or any less period than a year or of a tenant whose sole right to possession is under the Rent Acts,

" site value ", in relation to the compulsory purchase of a house, means compensation in respect thereof assessed in accordance with the provisions of subsection (2) or (3) of section fifty-nine of this Act (or under the corresponding provisions applicable to any compulsory purchase under Part II of this Act).

(3) In this Part of this Schedule references to a demolition order do not include such an order in respect of a house already subject to a closing order so far as it affects any part of the house in relation to which a payment under section thirty of this Act or under this Schedule has fallen to be made in respect of the closing order.

1957

Housing Act, 1957

Ch*. 56

897

THIRD SCHEDULE Compulsory Purchase of Land under Part HI Part I

Procedure for Authorising Compulsory Purchases General

1. —(1) A compulsory purchase order under Part HI of this Act shall be in the prescribed form and shall describe by reference to a map the land to which it applies.

(2) If the order is made under section forty-three of this Act it shall show in the prescribed manner—

(a) what parts, if any, of the land to be purchased compulsorily are outside the clearance area, and

(b) what buildings, if any, to be purchased compulsorily are included in the clearance area only on the ground that by

• reason of their bad arrangement in relation to other buildings, or the narrowness or bad arrangement of the streets, they are dangerous or injurious to the health of the inhabitants of the area.

2. —(1) Before submitting the order to the Minister the local authority shall—

(a) publish in one or more newspapers circulating within their district a notice in the prescribed form stating the fact of such an order having been made and describing the area comprised therein and naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours; and

(b) serve on every owner, lessee and occupier (except tenants for a month or a less period than a month) of any land to which the order relates and, so far as it is reasonably practicable to ascertain such persons, on every mortgagee of any land to which the order relates, a notice in the prescribed form stating the effect of the order and that it is about to be submitted to the Minister for confirmation and specifying the time within and the manner in which objections thereto can be made:

Provided that in the case of an order under section fifty-seven of this Act the notice need not be served on a mortgagee of any land unless it is land comprising or consisting of a house indicated in the order as being unfit for human habitation and not capable at reasonable expense of being rendered so fit.

(2) A notice which under this paragraph is to be served on an owner, lessee or occupier may be served by addressing it to him by the description of " owner " or " lessee " or " occupier " of the land (describing it) to which it relates and by delivering it to some person on the premises or, if there is no person on the premises to whom it may be delivered, by fixing it, or a copy of it, to some conspicuous part of the premises.

The provisions of this subsection shall be without prejudice to the service of a notice in a manner authorised by section one hundred and sixty-nine of this Act.

2 F

Section* 43, 51, 57.

899

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Euz.2

3rd Sch. (3) For the purposes of this paragraph an occupier being a — com. statutory tenant within the meaning of Part II of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, shall be deemed to be a tenant for a penod less than a month.

Procedure for orders for the compulsory purchase of land within, surrounded by or adjoining a clearance area

3.—(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect with respect to any order made under section forty-three or section fifty-one of this Act.

(2) If no objection is duly made by any of the persons on whom notices are required to be served, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, then, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, the Minister may, if he thinks fit, confirm the order with or without modification.

(3) If any objection duly made is not withdrawn, the Minister shall, before confirming the order, either cause a public local inquiry to be held or afford to any person by whom an objection has been duly made as aforesaid and not withdrawn an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose, and, after considering any objection not withdrawn and the report of the person who held the inquiry or of the person appointed as aforesaid, may, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, confirm the order with or without modification.

(4) Where any objection not withdrawn has been made on the ground that a building included in the order is not unfit for human habitation the public local inquiry or hearing shall not be held earlier than the expiration of fourteen days after it has been shown to the satisfaction of the Minister (that the local authority have served upon the objector a notice in writing stating what facts they allege as their principal grounds for being satisfied that the building is so unfit.

(5) A person who objects to the order on the grounds that a building included therein, being a building in which he is interested, is not unfit for human habitation and who appears at the public local inquiry or hearing in support of his objection shall, if the building is included in the order as confirmed as being unfit for human habitation, be entitled, on making a request in writing, to be furnished by the Minister with a statement in writing of his reasons for deciding that the building is so unfit.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Minister may require any person who has made an objection to state in writing the grounds thereof and may disregard the objection for the purposes of this paragraph if he is satisfied that the objection relates exclusively to matters which can be dealt with by the tribunal by whom the compensation is to be assessed.

1957

Housing Act$ 1957

Ch. 56

899>

4.—(1) An order as confirmed by the Minister under the last foregoing paragraph shall not authorise the local authority to purchase any land which the order would not have authorised them to purchase if it had been confirmed without modification.

(2) An order under section forty-three of this Act shall not, as confirmed under the last foregoing paragraph,—

(a) authorise the local authority to purchase as being land comprised in a clearance area any land shown in the order as submitted as being outside that area; or

(b) authorise the local authority to purchase compulsorily any building on less favourable terms with respect to compensation than the terms on which the order would have authorised them to purchase the building if the order had been confirmed without modification.

(3) If the Minister is of opinion that any land included by the local authority in a clearance area should not have been so included, he shall in confirming an order made under section forty-three of this Act modify it so as to exclude that land for all purposes from the clearance area, but if in any such case he is of opinion that the land may properly be purchased by the authority under subsection (2) of that section, ne shall further modify the order so as to authorise the local authority to purchase that land under that subsection and not as being land comprised in a clearance area.

(4) The Minister may confirm an order made in connection with a clearance area notwithstanding that the effect of the modifications made by him in excluding any building from the clearance area is to sever that area into two or more separate and distinct areas, and in any such case the provisions of this Act relating to the effect of the order when confirmed and to the proceedings to be taken subsequent to the confirmation thereof shall apply as if those areas formed one clearance area.

Procedure for orders for compulsory purchase of land for purposes

of re-development

5.—(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect with respect to any order under section fifty-seven of this Act.

(2) If any objection is duly made in writing by any of the persons on whom notices are required to be served, stating as the ground thereof either—

(a) that any house indicated in the order as being unfit for human habitation and not capable at reasonable expense of being rendered so fit ought not to have been so indicated; or

(b) in the case of land in the re-development area, that the objector is prepared to enter into arrangements for the carrying out of re-development, or for securing the use of the land, in accordance with the re-development plan; or

2 F 2

3rd Sch.

—cant.

900

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch.

—cont.

(c) in the case of land outside the re-development area, any matter not being a matter which in the opinion of the Minister can be dealt with by the tribunal by whom the compensation is to be assessed;

the Minister shall, unless the objection is withdrawn, cause a public local inquiry to be held with respect thereto and shall consider any objection not withdrawn and the report of the person who held the inquiry, and may then, subject to the provisions of this Schedule, confirm the order either with or without modification, and in any other case the Minister may, subject as aforesaid, confirm the order with or without modification and either after, or without, causing a public local inquiry to be held.

(3) Where any objection not withdrawn has been made on the ground that a building included in the order is not unfit for human habitation the public local inquiry shall not be held earlier than the expiration of fourteen days after it has been shown to the satisfaction of the Minister that the local authority have served upon the objector a notice in writing stating what facts they allege as their principal grounds for being satisfied that the building is so unfit.

(4) A person who objects to the order on* the grounds that a building included therein, being a building in which he is interested, is not unfit for human habitation and who appears at the public local inquiry in support of his objection shall, if the building is included in the order as confirmed as being unfit for human habitation, be entitled, on making a request in writing, to be furnished by the Minister with a statement in writing of his reasons for deciding that the building is so unfit.

6. An order as confirmed by the Minister under the last foregoing paragraph shall not authorise the local authority to purchase any land which the order would not have authorised them so to purchase if it had been confirmed without modification, or to purchase, as being a house unfit for human habitation, and not capable at reasonable expense of being rendered so fit, any house not indicated in the order as submitted as being in that condition.

Part II

Incorporation of Enactments

7.—-<1) A compulsory purchase order under Part III of this Act shall incorporate, subject to the modifications hereinafter mentioned and any necessary adaptations,—

(a) the Lands Clauses Acts;

(b) the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act,

1919; and

(c) section seventy-seven of the Railways Clauses Consolidation

Act, 1845, and sections seventy-eight to eighty-five of that Act as originally enacted and not as amended for certain purposes by section fifteen of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923.

1957

Housing /let, 1957

Ch. 56

901

(2) In construing for the purposes of this Schedule or any order made thereunder any enactment incorporated in the order, this Act. together with the order, shall be deemed to be the special Act. and the local authority shall be deemed to be the promoters of the undertaking.

8.—(1) The modifications subject to which the Lands Clauses Acts and the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act. 1919. shall be incorporated in the order are set out in this paragraph.

(2) The compensation shall be assessed in accordance with such of the provisions of section fifty-nine of this Act as are applicable to the particular case.

(3) The following sections of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be excepted from incorporation as aforesaid, that is to say,—

(a) sections one hundred and twenty-seven to one hundred and thirty-two (which relate to the sale of superfluous land);

(b) section one hundred and thirty-three (which relates to promoters making good deficiencies in rates).

(4) In the case of an order under section forty-three or section fifty-one of this Act, the tribunal by whom the compensation is to be assessed may, notwithstanding anything in section ninety-two of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, determine that such part of any house, building or manufactory as is proposed to be taken by the local authority can be taken without material damage to the house, building or manufactory and, if they so determine, may award compensation in respect of the severance of the part so proposed to be taken in addition to the value of that part

Where they so determine, the party interested shall be required to sell and convey to the local authority that part of the house, building or manufactory.

(5) The tribunal shall not take into account any building erected

or any improvement or alteration made or any interest in land created after the date on which notice of the order having been made is published in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule if. in the opinion of the tribunal, the erection of the building or the making of the improvement or alteration or the creation of the interest in respect of which a claim is made was not reasonably necessary and was carried out with a view to obtaining or increasing compensation.

(6) Where any land to which an order relates is glebe land or other land belonging to an ecclesiastical benefice, the order shall provide that sums agreed upon or awarded for the purchase of the land, or to be paid by way of compensation for damage to be sustained by the owner by reason of severance or injury affecting the land, shall not be paid as directed by the Lands Clauses Acts, but shall be paid to the Church Commissioners to be applied by them as

3rd Sgh.

—cont.

902

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. money paid to them upon a sale, under the provisions of the —com. Ecclesiastical Leasing Acts, of land belonging to a benefice.

(7) Any compensation payable in pursuance of this Act by a local authority in respect of any lands, estate or interest of another local authority which would, but for this paragraph, be paid into court in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts may, if the Minister consents, instead of being paid into court, be paid and applied as the Minister may determine and a decision of the Minister under this paragraph shall be final and conclusive.

(8) All notices required to be served by the local authority may, notwithstanding anything in section nineteen of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, be served and addressed in the manner specified in this Schedule or in section one hundred and sixty-nine of this Act in relation to notices required to be served by or under this Act.

9. Where a local authority have been authorised by an order confirmed under this Schedule to purchase any land compulsorily, then, at any time after serving notice to treat and after giving to the owner and occupier of the land not less than fourteen days notice, they may enter on and take possession of the land, or such part thereof as is specified in the notice, without previous consent or compliance with sections eighty-four to ninety of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, but subject to payment of the like compensation for the land of which possession is taken, and interest on the compensation awarded, as would have been payable if those provisions had been complied with.

10. Where a local authority are authorised to purchase compulsorily any house to be used for housing purposes under section forty-eight of this Act, and have acquired the right to enter on and take possession of the house by virtue of having served a notice under the last foregoing paragraph, the authority may, instead of exercising that right by taking actual possession of the house, proceed by serving notice on any person then in occupation of the house or any part thereof authorising him to continue in occupation upon terms specified in the notice, or on such other terms as may be agreed; and accordingly, where the authority proceed in the manner authorised by this paragraph—

(a) the like consequences shall then ensue, with respect to the determination of the rights and liabilities of any person arising out of any interest of his in the house or any part thereof, as would have ensued if the authority had taken actual possession on the date of the notice, and the authority may deal with the premises in all respects as if they had done so; and

(i b)for the purposes of section one hundred and twenty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (which provides for payment of compensation to persons entitled to possession under short tenancies who are required to give up possession), any person who by virtue of this paragraph

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

903

ceases to be entitled to receive rent in respect of any premises shall be deemed to have been required to give up possession thereof.

Part in

Rules as to the Assessment of Compensation where Land Purchased oiherwish than at Site Value

1. If the tribunal by whom the compensation is to be assessed are satisfied with respect to any premises that the rental thereof was enhanced by reason of their being used for illegal purposes, or being overcrowded within the meaning of Part IV of this Act. the compensation shall, so far as it is based on rental, be based on the rental which would have been obtainable if the premises were occupied for legal purposes, and were not so overcrowded.

2. If the tribunal are satisfied that any premises are in a state of defective sanitation, or are not in reasonably good repair, the compensation shall be the estimated value of the premises if put into a sanitary condition, or reasonably good repair, less the estimated expense of putting them into such condition or repair.

3. The local authority may tender evidence as to the matters aforesaid, notwithstanding that they have not taken any steps with a view to remedying the defects or evils disclosed by the evidence, but before tendering evidence as to sanitation or repair, the authority shall furnish to the tribunal and to the claimant a statement in writing of the respects in which the premises are alleged to be so defective.

4. The tribunal shall have regard to and make an allowance in respect of any increased value which, in their opinion, will be given to other premises of the same owner—

(a) where the premises for which compensation is to be assessed

are purchased under section fifty-seven of this Act, by the proposed re-development of the area in accordance with the re-development plan; or

(b) in any other case by the demolition by the local authority of any buildings.

5. In assessing compensation for premises purchased under section fifty-seven of this Act, the tribunal may take into account and embody in their award any undertaking given by the local authority with respect to the time within which, and the manner in which, the re-development or any part thereof is to be carried out, and the terms of any undertaking so embodied in the award shall be binding on and enforceable against the authority.

6. The tribunal shall embody in their award a statement showing separately whether compensation has been reduced by reference to the use of the premises for illegal purposes, to overcrowding, to the considerations mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Part of this Schedule and to the considerations mentioned in paragraph 4 thereof, and the amount, if any, by which compensation has been reduced by reference to each of those matters.

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Sections 59,74

904

Ch. 56

Housing A1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Sections 43, 44, 51, 56, 57.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Validity and Date of Operation of Certain Orders under Part in

1. So soon as may be after a compulsory purchase order under Part III of this Act or a clearance order has been confirmed by the Minister, the local authority shall publish in a newspaper circulating in their district a notice in the prescribed form stating that the order has been confirmed, and naming a place where a copy of the order as confirmed and of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours, and shall serve a like notice on every person who. having given notice to the Minister of his objection to the order, appeared at the public local inquiry in support of his objection.

2. If any person aggrieved by such an order as aforesaid, or by the Minister’s approval of a re-development plan or of a new plan, desires to question the validity thereof on the ground that it is not within the powers of this Act or that any requirement of this Act has not been complied with, he may, within six weeks after the publication of the notice of confirmation of the order, or of the approval of the plan, make an application for the purpose to the High Court, and where any such application is duly made the court—

(i) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order, or

the approval of the plan, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant until the final determination of the proceedings; and

(ii) if satisfied upon the hearing of the application that the order, or the approval of the plan, is not within the powers of this Act or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by any requirement of this Act not having been complied with, may quash the order, or the approval of the plan, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant.

3. Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph, the order, or the approval of the plan, shall not be questioned in any legal proceedings whatsoever, either before or after the order is confirmed or the approval is given, as the case may be, and shall become operative at the expiration of six weeks from the date on which notice of confirmation of the order, or of the approval of the plan, is published in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

4. Except by leave of the Court of Appeal, no appeal shall lie to the House of Lords from a decision of the Court of Appeal in proceedings under this Schedule.

5. So soon as may be after a compulsory purchase order made under section forty-three or fifty-one of this Act or a clearance order has become operative, the local authority shall serve a copy thereof on every person on whom a notice was served by them of their intention to submit the order to the Minister for confirmation.

1957

Housing Act, 1957

Ch 56

905

FIFTH SCHEDULE Section 44.

Clearance Orders

1. A clearance order shall be in the prescribed form and shall describe by reference to a map the area to which it applies.

2. There shall be excluded from the order any houses or other buildings properly included in the clearance area only on the ground that by reason of their bad arrangement in relation to other buildings, or the narrowness or bad arrangement of the streets, they are dangerous or injurious to the health of the inhabitants of the area:

Provided that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to a building constructed or adapted as, or for the purposes of, a dwelling, or partly for those purposes and partly for other purposes, if any part (not being a part used for other purposes) is unfit for human habitation.

3. —(1) Before submitting the order to the Minister the local authority shall—

(a) publish in one or more newspapers circulating within their district a notice in the prescribed form stating the fact of such an order having been made and describing the area comprised therein and naming a place where a copy of the order and of the map referred to therein may be seen at all reasonable hours; and

(b) serve on every owner, lessee and occupier (except tenants for a month or a less period than a month) of any building included in the area to which the order relates and so far as it is reasonably practicable to ascertain such persons, on every mortgagee thereof, a notice in the prescribed form stating the effect of the order and that it is about to be submitted to the Minister for confirmation, and specifying the time within and the manner in which objections thereto can be made.

(2) A notice which under this paragraph is to be served on an owner, lessee or occupier may be served by addressing it to him by the description of "owner" or "lessee" or "occupier" of the land (describing it) to which it relates and by delivering it to some person on the premises or, if there is no person on the premises to whom it may be delivered, by fixing it, or a copy of it, to some conspicuous part of the premises.

The provisions of this subsection shall be without prejudice to the service of a notice in a manner authorised by section one hundred and sixty-nine of this Act.

(3) For the purposes of this paragraph an occupier being a statutory tenant within the meaning of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, shall be deemed to be a tenant for a period less than a month.

4. So soon as may be after the required notices have been given, the local authority shall submit the order to the Minister for confirmation.

5. —(1) If no objection is duly made by any of (he persons on whom notices are required to be served, or if all objections so made

2 F*

le

906

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

5th Sgh. —cont.

Sections 77, 79.

are withdrawn, then, subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the Minister may, if he think fit, confirm the order with or without modification.

(2) If any objection duly made is not withdrawn, the Minister shall, before confirming the order, either cause a public local inquiry to be held or afford to any person by whom an objection has been duly made as aforesaid and not withdrawn an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose, and, after considering any objection not withdrawn and the report of the person who held the inquiry or of the person appointed as aforesaid, may, subject to the provisions of this Schedule, confirm the order with or without modification.

(3) Where any objection not withdrawn has been made on the ground that a building included in the clearance order is not unfit for human habitation the public local inquiry or hearing shall not be held earlier than the expiration of fourteen days after it has been shown to the satisfaction of the Minister that the local authority have served upon the objector a notice in writing stating what facts they allege as their principal grounds for being satisfied that the building is so unfit.

(4) A person who objects to a clearance order on the ground that a building included therein, being a building in which he is interested, is not unfit for human habitation and who appears at the public local inquiry or hearing in support of his objection shall, if the building is included in the order as confirmed as being unfit for human habitation, be entitled, on making a request in writing, to be furnished by the Minister with a statement in writing of his reasons for deciding that the building is so unfit

6.—(1) An order as confirmed under this Schedule shall not apply to any building to which the order would not have applied if it had been confirmed without modification.

(2) The Minister may confirm an order notwithstanding that the effect of the modifications made by him in excluding any buildings from the clearance area is to sever that area into two or more separate and distinct areas, and in any such case the provisions of this Act relating to the effect of an order when confirmed and of the proceedings to be taken subsequent to the confirmation thereof shall apply as if those areas formed one clearance area.

SIXTH SCHEDULE

Number of Persons permitted to use a House for Sleeping

For the purposes of Part IV of this Act, the expression "the permitted number of persons* means, in relation to any dwelling-house, either—

(a) the number specified in the second column of Table I in the annex hereto in relation to a house consisting of the number of rooms of which that house consists, or

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

907

(6) the aggregate for all the rooms in the house obtained by reckoning, for each room therein of the floor area specified in the first column of Table II in the annex hereto, the number specified in the second column of that Table in relation to that area, whichever is the less :

Provided that in computing for the purposes of the said Table I the number of rooms in a house, no regard shall be had to any room having a floor area of less than 50 square feet.

Annex Table I Where a house consists of—

(a) One room ... 2.

(6) Two rooms ... 3.

(c) Three rooms ... 5.

() Four rooms ... 7*.

(ie) Five rooms or more ... 10.

respect of each room in excess of five.

Table II

Where the floor area of a room is—

(a) 110 sq. ft. or more 2.

(b) 90 sq. ft. or more, but less

than 110 sq. ft li.

(c) 70 sq. ft. or more, but less

than 90 sq. ft 1.

(d) 50 sq. ft. or more, but less

than 70 sq. ft i

(e) Under 50 sq. ft Nil.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE Compulsory Purchase of Land under Part V

1.—(1) The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, shall apply to a compulsory purchase of land under Part V of this Act as if this Act had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act, but that Act and the enactments applied by that Act shall have effect subject to the provisions of this Act.

(2) In the case of a compulsory purchase of land under Part V of this Act section one hundred and thirty-three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (which relates to promoters making good deficiencies in rates), shall not apply.

(3) Any compensation payable in pursuance of a compulsory purchase under Part V of this Act by a local authority in respect of

2 F* 2

6th Sea. —amt.

Section 97.

908

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 El 2

7th Sch. —amt.

Section 138.

any lands, estate or interest of another local authority which would, but for this sub-paragraph, be paid into court in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts, may, if the Minister consents, instead of being paid into court, be paid and applied as the Minister may determine.

A decision of the Minister under this sub-paragraph shall be final and conclusive.

2.—(1) In the case of a compulsory purchase under Part V of this Act compensation shall be assessed subject to observance of the rules set out in this paragraph.

(2) If the tribunal by whom the compensation is to be assessed are satisfied with respect to any premises that the rental thereof was enhanced by reason of their being used for illegal purposes, or being overcrowded within the meaning of Part IV of this Act, the compensation in respect of the land shall, so far as it is based on rental, be based on the rental which would have been obtainable if the premises were occupied for legal purposes and were not so overcrowded.

(3) If the tribunal are satisfied that any premises are in a state of defective sanitation, or are not in reasonably good repair, the compensation shall be the estimated value of the premises if put into a sanitary condition, or reasonably good repair, less die estimated expense of putting them into such condition or repair.

(4) The local authority may tender evidence as to the matters aforesaid, notwithstanding that they have not taken any steps with a view to remedying the defects or evils disclosed by file evidence, but before tendering evidence as to sanitation or repair, the authority shall furnish to the tribunal and to the claimant a statement in writing of the respects in which the premises are alleged to be so defective.

(5) The tribunal shall have regard to and make an allowance in respect of any increased value which, in their opinion, will be given to other premises of the same owner by the demolition by the local authority of any buildings.

(6) The tribunal shall embody in their award a statement showing separately whether compensation has been reduced by reference to the use of the premises for illegal purposes, to overcrowding and to the considerations mentioned in sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph, and the amount, if any, by which compensation has been reduced by reference to each of those matters.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE Local Housing Bonds

1. Local bonds shall—

(a) be secured upon aU the rates, property and revenues of the local authority;

(b) bear interest at such rate as the local authority may determine at the time of the issue of the bonds;

(c) be issued in denominations of five, ten, twenty, fifty, and one hundred pounds and multiples of hundred pounds; id) be issued for periods of not less than five years.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

909

2. Local bonds shall be exempt from stamp duty under the Stamp 8th Sch. Act, 1891, and no duty shall be chargeable under section eight of —coni. the Finance Act, 1899, as amended by any subsequent enactment in

respect of the issue of any such bonds.

3. The provisions of section one hundred and fifteen of the Stamp Act, 1891 (which relates to composition for stamp duty), shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply in the case of any local authority by whom local bonds are issued as if those bonds were stock or funded debt of the authority within the meaning of that section.

4. A local authority shall, in the case of any person who is the registered holder of local bonds issued by that authority of a nominal amount not exceeding in the aggregate one hundred pounds, pay the interest on the bonds held by that person without deduction of income tax, but any such interest shall be accounted for and charged to income tax under the third case of Schedule D, subject, however, to any provision of the enactments relating to income tax with respect to exemption or abatement.

5. Local bonds issued by a local authority shall be accepted by that authority at their nominal value in payment of the purchase price of any house erected by or on behalf of any local authority m pursuance of operations under this Act.

6. The Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, by statutory instrument make regulations with respect to the issue (including terms of issue), transfer and redemption of local bonds and the security therefor, and any such regulations may apply, with or without modifications, any provisions of the Local Loans Act, 1875, and the Acts amending that Act, and of any Act relating to securities issued by the London County Council or by any other local or public body.

7. For the purposes of this Schedule the expression "local authority" includes a county council.

NINTH SCHEDULE Sections 49,144.

Rehousing by Undertakers

1. If in the administrative county of London or in any borough or urban district, or in any parish in a rural district, the undertakers have power to take under the enabling Act dwellings occupied by thirty or more persons, the undertakers shall not enter on any such dwellings in that county, borough, urban district, or parish, until the Minister has either approved of a housing scheme under this Schedule or has decided that such a scheme is not necessary.

For the purpose of determining for the purposes of this Schedule, the number or persons by whom any dwellings are occupied, any occupation on or after the fifteenth day of December next before the passing of the enabling Act, or, in the case of land acquired compulsorily under a general Act without the authority of an order, next before the date of the application to the Minister under this Schedule, for his approval of or decision with respect to a housing scheme, shall be taken into consideration.

2. The housing scheme shall make provision for the accommodation of such number of persons as is, in the opinion of the Minister,

910

Ch. 56

Housing A, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

9th Scot taking into account all the circumstances, required, but that number —cont. shall not exceed the aggregate number of persons displaced; and

in calculating that number the Minister shall take into consideration not only the persons who are occupying the dwellings which the undertakers have power to take, but also any persons who, in the opinion of the Minister, have been displaced within the previous five years in view of the acquisition of land by the undertaken.

3. —(1) Provision may be made by the housing scheme for giving undertakers who are a local authority, or who have not sufficient powers for the purpose, power for the purpose of the scheme to appropriate land or to acquire land, either by agreement or compulsorily under the authority of a Provisional Order, and for giving any local authority power to erect dwellings on land so appropriated or acquired by them, and to sell or dispose of any such dwellings, and to raise money for the purpose of the scheme as for the purposes of Part V of this Act, and for regulating the application of any money arising from the sale or disposal of the dwellings; and any provisions so made shall have effect as if they had been enacted in an Act of Parliament.

(2) For the purposes of the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, this paragraph shall be deemed to have been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act, and for the purposes of subsection (3) of section eight of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, this paragraph shall be deemed to be an enactment passed before that Act.

4. The housing scheme shall provide that any land acquired under the scheme shall, for a period of twenty-five years from the date of the scheme, be appropriated for the purpose of dwellings, except so far as the Minister may dispense with such appropriation; and every conveyance, demise, or lease of any such land shall be endorsed with notice of this provision, and the Minister may require the insertion in the scheme of any provision with respect to the standards of the houses that are to be erected under the scheme, or any conditions to be complied with as to the mode in which the houses are to be erected.

5. If the Minister does not hold a local inquiry with reference to a housing scheme, he shall, before approving the scheme, send a copy of the draft scheme to every local authority, and shall consider any representation by any such authority made within the time fixed by him.

6. The Minister may, as a condition of his approval of a housing scheme, require that the new dwellings under the scheme, or some part of them, shall be completed and fit for occupation before possession is taken of any dwellings under the enabling Act.

7. Before approving any scheme the Minister may, if he thinks fit, require the undertakers to give such security as the Minister considers proper for carrying the scheme into effect.

8. If the undertakers enter on any dwellings in contravention of the provisions of this Schedule, or of any conditions of approval of the housing scheme made by the Minister, they shall be liable to a

Senalty not exceeding five hundred pounds in respect of every such welling.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

911

Any such penalty shall be recoverable by the Minister by action in the High Court, and shall be carried to and form part of the Consolidated Fund.

9. If the undertakers fail to carry out any provision of the housing scheme, the Minister may make such order as he may think necessary or proper for the purpose of compelling them to carry out that provision, and any such order may be enforced by order of mandamus.

10. The Minister may, on the application of the undertakers, modify any housing scheme which has been approved by him under this Schedule, and any modifications so made shall take effect as part of the scheme.

11. For the purposes of this Schedule—

(a) the expression " undertakers " means any authority, company, or person who are acquiring land compulsorily or by agreement under any local Act or Provisional Order or order having the effect of an Act, or are acquiring land compulsorily under any general Act;

(b) the expression " enabling Act * means any Act of Parliament or Order under which the land is acquired;

(c) the expression " local authority " means, as respects

England and Wales other than the administrative county of London, the council of any county, borough, urban district or rural district, as respects the City of London, the Common Council, and, as respects the administrative county of London other than the City of London, the council of any metropolitan borough, in which in any case any houses in respect of which the re-housing scheme is made are situated;

() the expression "dwelling" or "house" means any house or part of a house occupied as a separate dwelling.

TENTH SCHEDULE

Adaptation of References to Enactments in Housing Acts

The Local Government 1933 (23 & 24 Geo. 5 c. 51.

1. In paragraph (c) of section two hundred and seventeen the references to section eighty-seven of the Housing Act, 1925, shall include references to section one hundred and twenty-two of the Housing Act, 1936, and to section one hundred and thirty-eight of this Act.

2. In the Seventh Schedule for the reference to the Housing Acts, 1925 and 1930, there shall be substituted a reference to this Act.

3. In the Eighth Schedule the references to the Housing Acts, 1925 and 1930, shall include references to the Housing Act, 1936, and to the provisions of this Act with the exception of section one hundred.

The County Courts Act, 1934 (24 & 25 Geo. 5 c. 53.

In paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section ninety-one for the reference to appeals under section twenty-two of the Housing Act, 1930, there shall be substituted a reference to any appeal to a county court under this Act.

9th Sch.

—cont.

Section 190.

912

Ch. 56

Housing Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

10th Sch

—com.

The London Government Act, 1939 (2 & 3 Geo. 6 c. 40.

1. In subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-four, in the proviso, the references to the Housing Acts, 1936 and 1938, shall include references to this Act

2. In the Fifth Schedule for the reference to the Housing Acts, 1936 and 1938, there shall be substituted a reference to this Act

The Town and Country Planning Act, 1944 (7 & 8 Geo. 6 c. 47.

1. In subsection (2) of section thirty the reference to section one hundred and thirty-seven of the Housing Act, 1936, shall be taken as a reference to section one hundred and forty-four of this Act

2. —(1) In paragraph 9 of the Fifth Schedule the reference in sub-paragraph (4) to section forty-two of the Housing Act, 1936, shall be taken as a reference to section sixty of this Act and the reference to Part HI of that Act shall be taken as a reference to Part HI of this Act.

(2) In sub-paragraph (5) of the said paragraph 9 the reference to the Housing Act, 1936, shall be taken as a reference to this Act and the reference to sections one hundred and fifty-seven and one hundred and fifty-eight of that Act shall be taken as a reference to sections one hundred and fifty-nine and one hundred and sixty of this Act

The Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954 (2 & 3 Eliz. 2 c. 53.

In paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section thirty-three the reference to section ninety-four of the Housing Act, 1936, shall include a reference to section one hundred and twenty of this Act and in subsections (1) and (9) of that section a reference to the Housing Act, 1936, shall be taken as a reference to this Act

The Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment)

Act, 1955

(3 & 4 Eliz. 2 c. 24.

In subsection (2) of section thirteen the reference to sections one hundred and sixty-six and one hundred and sixty-seven of the Housing Act, 1936, shall be taken as a reference to section one hundred and sixty-eight and subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-nine of this Act.

The Rent Act, 1957

(5 & 6 Eliz. 2 c. 25.

In subsection (1) of section twenty the reference to section three of the Housing Act, 1952, shall include a reference to section one hundred and four of this Act

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

913

ELEVENTH SCHEDULE

Repeals

Section 191.

Session and

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

Chapter

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 39.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 40.

14 &15 Geo. 5. c. 35.

The Housing (Financial In section fourteen, subsection Provisions) Act, 1924. (1).

The Housing (Rural Sections two and three.

Authorities) Act, 1931.

The Housing Act, 1935. Section sixty-two.

26 Geo. 5 and

The Housing Act, 1936.

Parts I to TV.

In Part V—

Sections seventy-one to eighty-five.

1 Edw. 8. c. 51.

Section eighty-six except so far as it relates to exchequer contributions.

Sections eighty-seven and eighty-eight

In section eighty-nine, subsection (1) and in subsection (2) the words from the beginning to the words " think proper ".

Section ninety-three.

In section ninety-four, subsections (1), (2), (5) and (6).

Section ninety-five to the end of Part V.

In Part VI—

Sections one hundred and sixteen to one hundred and eighteen.

Section one hundred and nineteen except as applied by section forty-seven of the Housing Act, 1949.

Sections one hundred and twenty and one hundred and twenty-one.

Sections one hundred and twenty-two to one hundred and twenty-four except as applied by section forty-seven of the Housing Act, 1949.

Sections one hundred and twenty-six and one hundred and twenty-seven.

In Part VH—

Sections one hundred and thirty-five to one hundred and fifty-two.

Sections one hundred and fifty-four to one hundred and sixty-eight.

Section one hundred and seventy-five.

In section one hundred and seventy-eight, subsection (2).

C

914

Ch. 56

Housing Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

lira Sch.

—cont.

Session and Chapter

26 Geo. 5 and 1 Edw. 8. c. 51.—cont.

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

The Housing Act,

Section one hundred and seventy

1936.—cont.

nine.

Section one hundred and eighty-one to the end of Part VII.

In Part VIII—

Section one hundred and eighty-

seven.

The First, Second, Third, Fourth and Fifth Schedules.

The Ninth Schedule.

The Eleventh Schedule.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 16.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 18.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 48.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49.

The Housing (Financial Provisions) Act, 1938.

The Local Authorities Loans Act, 1945.

The Housing (Financial and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1946.

The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946.

In section two, subsection (2).

In section six, paragraph (c).

In section nineteen, subsections (1) and (2).

Section twenty-two.

In section one, paragraph (6) of subsection (4).

In Part I of the Second Schedule the words " in the case of a purchase under the Housing Act, 1936, and* and the word "other * in sub-paragraph (6) of paragraph 2.

In the Fourth Schedule the

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 60.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 17.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. xliii.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 8.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

The Housing Act, 1949.

The Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1952.

The Housing Act, 1952

The Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953.

The London County Council (General Powers) Act, 1953.

The Electoral Registers Act, 1953.

The Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954.

amendments of the Housing Act, 1936.

Sections two and three.

Sections six to fourteen.

In section thirty-one, subsections

(1) and (2).

In section one, in subsection (IX paragraph ().

In section three, subsections (1),

(2) , (3) and (4).

Sections four and five.

Sections ten and eleven.

Section forty.

In the list at the end of the Schedule the words M the Housing Act, 1936".

Section one.

In section two, subsections (IX (2), (4) and (5) and, except so far as it amends section seven of that Act, subsection (3).

Sections three to six.

Section nine except as applied by paragraph 11 of the Second Schedule to the Housing Act, 1949.

Sections ten to fourteen.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56

915

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 53 —c

The Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954 —amt.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Housing Subsidies c. 33. Act, 1956.

Sections twenty and twenty-one.

In section twenty-two, subsections (2) and (3).

In section thirty-three, subsection (7).

In section fifty, in subsection (2) paragraphs (a) and

The First Schedule.

In section twelve, subsection (5).

In the First Schedule, paragraph 9 so far as it amends subsection (1) of section nineteen of the

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Slum Clearance c. 57. (Compensation) Act,

1956.

Housing (Financial and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1946.

Section one as it applies to a house purchased compulsorily under the powers contained in this Act, and in subsection (1) the words from " or vacated " to "closing order*' and the words " or, as the case may be, vacated ", in subsection (2) the words "or in pursuance of a clearance order, demolition order or closing order * and the words from " and, in the case * to the end of the subsection, in subsection (3) the words "or, as the case may be, vacated ", in subsection (4) the words " or, as the case may be, vacated", paragraph (b) and the words " in either case ".

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 25

The Rent Act, 1957

Section two as it applies to a house purchased compulsorily under die powers contained in this Act, and in subsection (1) the words " or vacated in pursuance of a clearance order or demolition order *'.

Section three.

In section four, subsection (1), and in subsection (2), the definitions of "clearance order", "closing order", "demolition order *, and in the definition'of " material period * paragraphs (o), (c), {) and (e) and in paragraph (6) the words from "a house authorised" to "so fit, or ".

In section six, in subsection (1), the words from " and shall" to the end of the subsection.

In the Sixth Schedule, paragraph

22.

1 1th Sch.

—com.

<09

916

Ch 56

Housing Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845

Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845

Public Health Act, 1875

Local Loans Act, 1875

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884

Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888

Interpretation Act, 1889

Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890

Stamp Act, 1891

Brine Pumping (Compensation for Subsidence)

Act, 1891

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893 ...

Local Government Act, 1894

Finance Act, 1899

New Forest (Sale of Land for Public Purposes)

Act, 1902

Housing, Town Planning &c. Act, 1919

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919

1 & 2 Vict. c. 74.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 20. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55. 38 & 39 Vict c. 83. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. 47 & 48 Vict c. 54.

51 A52 Vict. c. 42.

52 & 53 Vict c. 63.

53 & 54 Vict c. 70.

54 & 55 Vict c. 39.

54 & 55 Vict c. 40. 56 & 57 Vict c. 39. 56 & 57 Vict c. 73. 62 & 63 Vict c. 9.

2 Edw. 7. c. cxcviii.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.C.35.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923

Housing Act, 1925

Trustee Act, 1925

Law of Property Act, 1925

Land Charges Act, 1925

Rating and Valuation Act, 1925

Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926

Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928

Housing Act, 1930

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933

Local Government Act, 1933

County Courts Act, 1934

Housing Act, 1935

Public Health Act, 1936

13 A 14 Geo. 5. c. 2a 15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 14. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 19. 15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 20. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 22.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.C.90.

16 A 17 Geo. 5. c. 56. 18 A 19 Geo. 5. c. 44. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 39.

23 & 24 Geo. 5.C.32.

23 & 24 Geo. 5.C.51.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 53.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 40.

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8.

c. 49.

Public Health (London) Act, 1936

... 26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8.

c. 50.

Housing Act, 1936 ...

... 26 Geo. 5. A 1 Edw. 8.

c. 51.

Housing (Financial Provisions) Act, 1938

Hire Purchase Act, 1938

London Government Act, 1939

Education Act, 1944

Town and Country Planning Act, 1944

Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945 ... Building Materials and Housing Act, 1945 Housing (Financial and Miscellaneous Provisions)

Act, 1946

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

Act, 1946

New Towns Act, 1946

1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 16.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 53.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40. 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31. 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 47. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 18. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 20.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 48.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

1957

Housing A, 1957

Ch. 56, 57

917

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Agriculture Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 Agricultural Wages Act, 1948

Housing Act, 1949

Representation of the People Act, 1949 Housing Act, 1952

Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952 ...

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 48.

10 All Geo. 6. c. 51.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 47.

12.13 A14 Geo. 6. c. 60.

12.13 A14 Geo. 6. c. 68. 15 A 16 Geo. 6. A

1 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

15 A 16 Geo. 6. A

1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions)

Act, 1953

Licensing Act, 1953

Electoral Registers Act, 1953

Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954 ...

Town and Country Planning Act, 1954 ... Requisitioned Houses and Housing (Amendment)

Act, 1955

London County Council (Loans) Act, 1955

Housing Subsidies Act, 1956

Rent Act, 1957

1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 46.

2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 8.

2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 72.

3 A 4 Eliz. 2. c. 24.

4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. xxvi.

4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

CHAPTER 57

Agriculture , 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Guaranteed Prices and Assured Markets

Section

1. Power to provide for guaranteed prices, etc.

2. Provision for stability of particular guarantees.

3. Provision for stability of overall guarantee.

4. Application to sugar beet prices.

5. Power to make provision for protection of guarantees.

6. Special provisions as to the importation of livestock.

7. Penalties.

8. Provision for application to additional produce and variation of mini-

mum percentages.

9. Supplementary provisions as to orders.

10. Repeal of certain enactments relating to livestock and cereals.

11. Interpretation of Part I.

918

Ch. 57

Agriculture , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part n

Grants for Farm Improvements and Amalgamations

Section

12. Grants for long-term improvements of agricultural land.

13. Amount and payment of grants under s. 12.

14. Revocation of approval and recovery of grant.

15. Special provisions as to cattle-grids.

16. Grants towards cost of amalgamation.

17. Amount and payment of grants under s. 16.

18. Limit of aggregate amount of grants under Part II.

19. Supplementary provisions as to orders and regulations.

20. Interpretation of Part II.

21. Application of Part II to Scotland.

22. Application of Part II to Northern Ireland.

Part HI

Development of the Pig Industry

23. Establishment and functions of Pig Industry Development Authority.

24. Constitution of the Authority.

25. Power to impose a levy.

26. Registration, returns and records.

27. Miscellaneous financial powers of the Authority.

28. Annual report and accounts of the Authority.

29. Provision by Milk Marketing Boards of artificial insemination services

for pigs.

30. Dissolution of Bacon Development Board and Pigs and Bacon Market-

ing Boards.

31. Provisions supplementary to Part III.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

32. Exchequer payments in aid of schemes for agriculture in Northern

Ireland.

33. Expenses and receipts of Ministers.

34. Disqualification of members of Pig Industry Development Authority

for membership of the House of Commons.

35. General provisions as to interpretation, orders, etc.

36. Repeals and transitional provisions.

37. Short title, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Produce qualifying for guarantee.

Second Schedule—Improvements eligible for grant under s. 12.

Third Schedule—Provisions as to Pig Industry Development Authority.

Fourth Schedule—Enactments and regulations repealed.

1957

Agriculture , 1957

Ch. 57

919

An Act to make further provision for guaranteed prices and assured markets for producers of agricultural produce in the United Kingdom; to authorise the payment of grants in respect of long-term improvements of agricultural land within the United Kingdom and in respect of the costs of certain transactions concerning such land; to make fresh provision for the development of the pig industry in Great Britain (including the production, processing, manufacture and distribution of pig products); to authorise payments into the Exchequer of Northern Ireland on account of expenses incurred for the benefit of producers of agricultural produce in Northern Ireland; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[31st July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Guaranteed Prices and Assured Markets

1.—(1) The Minister may by order make such provision as Power to appears to him to be expedient for providing guaranteed prices provide for or assured markets for producers of produce described in thegu*ran*®ed First Schedule to this Act. pnces’ctc*

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision, an order under this section in respect of any produce may in particular provide—

(a) for the payment by the Minister to the Board administering a marketing scheme for the produce of sums calculated by reference to the difference between the value at guaranteed prices determined by the Minister in pursuance of the order of the produce sold by the Board and the receipts of the Board ascertained or estimated for the purposes of the order from the sale of the produce;

(b) for the payment by the Minister to producers of the produce, or to such other persons as may be prescribed by the order, of sums calculated by reference to the difference between guaranteed prices determined by the Minister in pursuance of the order and prices ascertained or estimated for the purposes of the order as the prices received or to be received by producers on the sale of the produce;

920?

CH. 57

Agriculture , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I — amt.

Provision for stability of particular guarantees.

(c) for the purchase by or on behalf of the Minister or by the Board administering a marketing scheme for the produce, at guaranteed prices determined by the Minister in pursuance of the order, of any of the produce tendered by the producers, and, in the case of purchase by any such Board, for the payment by the Minister of the whole or part of any trading losses incurred or treated as incurred by the Board on the purchase and disposal of the produce.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, any guaranteed price to be determined by the Minister in pursuance of an order under this section shall be determined from time to time in respect of such guarantee periods (being periods of or of approximately twelve months) as may be prescribed by the order, and shall be so determined in the light of the conclusions of the Ministers from the annual review last held before the commencement of the period concerned.

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this part of this Act, any guaranteed price determined by the Minister for a guarantee period in pursuance of an order under this section may be varied by a subsequent determination of the Minister.

(5) An order under this section in respect of any produce described in the First Schedule to this Act may be made so as to apply only to particular descriptions or quantities of that produce, or may make different provision (including in particular provision for the determination of different guaranteed prices) in respect of different descriptions or quantities of that produce; and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision produce may be distinguished for the purposes of any such order by reference—

(a) to the area in which, or the season of the year in which,

it is produced, sold or despatched or delivered on sale;

(b) to the purpose for which it is sold or used;

(c) to the methods by which it is marketed, including the places at which it is delivered on sale.

(6) Where the dates of the guarantee periods prescribed by an order under this section are varied by a subsequent order, that subsequent order may direct that the duration of the first guarantee period under the order as varied, or of the last previous guarantee period, shall be shortened or extended accordingly.

2.—(1) The guaranteed price determined for a guarantee period in pursuance of an order under section one of this Act in respect of any produce shall not be less than ninety-six per cent

1957

Agriculture , 1957

CH. 57

92!

(calculated to the nearest figure or fraction which the Minister considers appropriate to that produce) of the corresponding price determined for the last previous guarantee period in pursuance of that order or of any previous order under the said section one relating to the same produce.

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, the guaranteed price determined for a guarantee period beginning in the year nineteen hundred and fifty-nine or any subsequent year in pursuance of an order under the said section one in respect of any produce described in Part II of the First Schedule to this Act shall not be less than ninety-one per cent' (calculated as aforesaid) of the corresponding price determined for the first of the three previous guarantee periods in pursuance of that order or of any previous order under the said section one relating to the same produce.

(3) In comparing for the purposes of this section the guaranteed prices determined in respect of any produce for any two guarantee periods there shall be made such adjustment, if any, as the Ministers, after consultation with producers, may determine to be appropriate in consequence of changes in the arrangements in force under section one of this Act in respect of those periods respectively.

(4) In relation to an order which provides for the determination of different guaranteed prices in respect of different descriptions or quantities of the produce to which the order applies, any reference in this section to the guaranteed price determined in pursuance of the order shall be construed as a reference—

(a) where those different prices are derived from the conversion of a single guaranteed price determined in pursuance of the order, to that single guaranteed price;

(Jb) in any other case, to the weighted average (calculated upon such principles as may be determined by the Ministers after consultation with producers) of those different prices:

Provided that in relation to an order under the said section one which applies primarily but not exclusively to produce within a standard quantity prescribed by or under the order, the Ministers may direct that this section shall have effect as if that order did not apply to any produce in excess of that quantity.

(5) Any reference in this section to the guaranteed price determined for a guarantee period shall be construed as a reference to the price so determined irrespective of any variation effected in pursuance of subsection (4) of section one of this Act.

Part I —com.

922

Ch. 57

Agriculture , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I —amt.

Provision for stability of overall guarantee.

(6) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, the power of the Minister to vary a determination made in pursuance of an order under section one of this Act in respect of any produce specified in the First Schedule to this Act, or to vary during a guarantee period an order made under that section in respect of any such produce, shall not be exercised in a manner which, in his opinion, would reduce the amounts payable to the producers of that produce unless—

(a) the reduction is made in pursuance of the conclusions of the Ministers from the annual review last held before the commencement of that period; or

(b) the Ministers are satisfied, in consequence of a special review, that the reduction is expedient in the public interest.

3.—(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of section two of this Act, any guaranteed prices or factors relevant to the operation of guaranteed prices determined in pursuance of orders under section one of this Act for guarantee periods beginning in any year shall be such as to secure that the aggregate value of all those prices together with the aggregate value of all relevant production grants payable in respect of annual grant periods beginning in that year is not less than the amount produced—

(a) by taking ninety-seven and a half per cent, of the sum

of the aggregate values of the corresponding prices determined and production grants paid or payable in respect of guarantee periods and grant periods beginning in the last previous year; and

(b) by adding to or deducting from the figure ascertained under paragraph (a) an amount equal to any net increase or net reduction (as the case may be) in the aggregate annual relevant costs of production of the produce to which the guaranteed prices apply which appears to the Ministers to have taken place since the determination of the corresponding prices referred to in that paragraph.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the value of any prices or grants shall be calculated according to such principles as may be determined by the Ministers after consultation with producers; and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision, the aggregate value of the prices or production grants determined or payable for or in respect of guarantee periods or grant periods beginning in any year may (if so determined as aforesaid) be calculated by reference to the quantities of produce, the acreage of land or the amount of the costs to or in respect of which the corresponding prices or grants applied or

1957

Agriculture , 1957

Ch. 57

923

were payable in respect of guarantee periods or grant periods in Past 1 the last previous year. —com.

(3) Subsections (4) and (5) of section two of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of that section; and where the guaranteed price determined in respect of any produce for a guarantee period is adjusted in pursuance of subsection (3) of that section, the price as so adjusted shall be treated for the purposes of this section as the price determined in respect of that produce for that period.

(4) Without prejudice to the last foregoing subsection, if in the case of any year it appears to the Ministers, after consultation with producers, that in consequence of any change in the arrangements in force under section one of this Act in respect of produce of any particular class it is necessary so to do in order to enable a fair comparison to be made for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section between that and the previous year, they may direct that in relation to that year the said subsection (1) shall have effect as if no order under section one of this Act were or had been in force in respect of that produce in the case of that or the previous year.

(5) In this section the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them, that is to say—

"production grant" means a grant payable under any enactment other than this Act (whether passed before or after the commencement of this Part of this Act), being a grant payable out of moneys provided by Parliament or by the Parliament of Northern Ireland in respect of agricultural land or agricultural produce, and any payment made by virtue of subsection (2) of section eight of the Agriculture Act, 1947 (which provides for acreage or other payments as an alternative to the provision of guaranteed prices);

"relevant production grant" means a production grant which is determined by the Ministers, after consultation with producers, to be relevant for the purposes of this section;

" relevant costs of production " means any costs of production (including grading, packing, transport and other ancillary operations) of which account is taken for the purpose of determining the guaranteed prices under any order under section one of this Act, not being costs of which account is required by that order to be taken in calculating the amount of any payments to be made by the Ministers by reference to the price so determined.

4. Sections two and three of this Act shall apply in relation AppUcatiai to sugar beet as they apply in relation to produce described in to.8U*ar beot Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, and references in those pnces* sections to an order under section one of this Act, to guaranteed

924

Ch. 57

Agriculture , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part I

—cant.

Power to make provision for protection of guarantees.

prices determined for any guarantee period in pursuance of such an order and to the arrangements in force under the said section one shall be construed as including references respectively to section seventeen of the Sugar Act, 1956, to the prices initially determined under the said section seventeen for the purchase of home grown beet for delivery within any period so determined and to the arrangements in force under the said section seventeen; and the power to give directions under the proviso to subsection (4) of section two of this Act shall be exercisable in relation to home grown beet as if any directions under the said section seventeen were an order under the said section one.

5.—(1) For the purpose of supporting any arrangements in force by virtue of an order under section one of this Act, and in particular of securing that payments (whether made by or on behalf of the Minister under any such order or by a Board to whom payments are so made) are made in proper cases only, the Minister may by order make provision—

(a) for requiring that produce to which the order applies (being produce eligible for such payments as aforesaid or produce of any class or description which includes produce eligible for such payments) shall be marked in such circumstances, in such manner, for such purpose, and by or under the supervision of such person, as may be prescribed by or under the order;

(b) for prohibiting the removal from markets or other places where produce is required to be marked in pursuance of the order of any produce to which the order applies which has not been so marked;

(c) for requiring the production, or the keeping and produc-

tion, by merchants or other persons of books, accounts or records relating to the purchase, sale or use of produce to which the order applies;

() for enabling authorised officers of the Minister to enter

upon land used for the production, storage, grading, packing, slaughter or sale of any produce to which the order applies, and to inspect and take samples of any such produce found upon land so used;

(e) for any other matters for which provision appears to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for the purposes described in this subsection.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph^) of subsection (1) of this section, an order under this section which applies to produce being livestock may prohibit the use for breeding or milking of any livestock marked as eligible for payments in pursuance of an order under section one of this Act

1957 Agriculture , 1957 Ch. 57

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the said paragraph

(e), an order under this section which applies to produce being potatoes may prohibit—

(a) the sale or use for human consumption (including use in the preparation of food for human consumption);

(b) the sale or use for planting; of potatoes purchased by or on behalf of the Minister or any Board in pursuance of an order under section one of this Act and sold by him or them as stockfeed.

6.—(1) Without prejudice to the powers conferred by section Special five of this Act, the Ministers may, for the purpose described in protons subsection (1) of that section, by order make special provision in ^po^ition respect of livestock, or livestock of any description, imported, of livestock, removed or brought into the United Kingdom or any part of the United Kingdom from any of the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man or the Republic of Ireland.

(2) An order under this section may regulate the times and places at which, and the routes by which, livestock may be imported, removed or brought as aforesaid, and may prohibit the removal, pending inspection or marking, of any livestock so imported, removed or brought and, in the case of cattle imported or brought from the Republic of Ireland, their removal without production of such certificate in respect of their exportation from that Republic as may be prescribed by the order.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, any such order may contain such provisions as appear to the Ministers to be necessary for the due operation and enforcement of the order (other than provision for fine or imprisonment upon conviction of offences), and may in particular—

(a) authorise the seizure and sale of livestock, the forfeiture

of livestock and the proceeds of sale of livestock, and the seizure and forfeiture of vehicles or containers used for the carriage, handling or concealment of livestock;

(b) enable authorised officers of the Minister to enter vehicles used or constructed or adapted for use for the carriage of livestock;

(c) require persons who are or have been in possession or

control of livestock to furnish to such officers information with respect thereto.

(4) An order under this section which provides for the seizure of livestock or other things shall also provide for the display or other publication of notice of the seizure.

(5) An order under this section which provides for the forfeiture of livestock or other things seized or the proceeds of sale of livestock shall also provide that where within such period as may be prescribed by the order a person claims, in accordance with

925

Part 1 —cont.

926

Ch. 57

Agriculture; 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part 1 the order, that the livestock or other things seized belonged to —cant. him at the time of seizure and—

(a) in the case of livestock, that they were not imported, removed or brought into the United Kingdom in contravention of the order;

(b) in any other case, that they were not used for the carriage, handling or concealment of livestock imported, removed or brought into the United Kingdom in contravention of the order;

the forfeiture of the things seized or the proceeds of sale of livestock shall not be effected except by an order made by a court,

(6) In this section " livestock " includes the carcases of livestock.

Penalties 7.—(1) If any person contravenes or fails to comply with any

provision of an order under section five or section six of this Act, or knowingly has in his possession or control any livestock imported, removed or brought into the United Kingdom in contravention of an order under the said section six, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or both.

(2) If any person wilfully obstructs an authorised officer or other person in the exercise of powers conferred on him by an order under section five or section six of this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction—

(a) in the case of a first offence, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds;

(b) in the case of a second or subsequent offence, to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding one month or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or both.

(3) If any person—

(a) knowingly or recklessly makes any false statement for the purpose of obtaining for himself or any other person any sum payable in pursuance of an order under this Part of this Act;

(b) with intent to deceive, alters, conceals or defaces any mark applied to produce in pursuance of any such order;

(c) applies to produce, without due authority and with intent to deceive, any mark prescribed by or under any such order or applies to produce a mark so closely resembling a prescribed mark as to be calculated to deceive; or

() wilfully makes a false entry in any book, account or record which is required to be produced in pursuance of any such order or, with intent to deceive, makes use of any such entry which he knows to be false;

1957 Agriculture , 1957 Ch. 57

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or both, or on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or both.

(4) Where an offence under this section which has been committal by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer, of the body corporate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

8. —(1) The Ministers may by order direct that the First Provision for

Schedule to this Act shall have effect, for the purposes of all or aPP^tionnl any of the enactments to which it relates, as if produce of any description specified in the order were included in Part I or variation of Part n of that Schedule, as the case may be. minimum

(2) The Ministers may, after the annual review held in the year percentages, nineteen hundred and sixty and from time to time thereafter, take into consideration in consultation with producers the percentages specified in subsection (1) and subsection (2) of section two and subsection (1) of section three of this Act, and may by order substitute for any of those percentages such other percentage as they consider appropriate:

Provided that an order under this subsection shall not apply in relation to any determination made within twelve months after the date on which the order is made.

9. —(1) Any power of the Minister or Ministers to make Supplemental*

orders under section one or section eight of this Act shall be M

exercised with the consent of the Treasury and after consultationto cr8' with producers.

(2) An order under section eight of this Act shall be of no effect unless approved by resolution of each House of Parliament

(3) Any statutory instrument containing an order under any provision of this Part of this Act, other than section eight or section ten, shall be laid before Parliament after being made, and shall cease to have effect (without prejudice to anything previously done thereunder or to the making of a new order) on the expiration of the period of forty days, calculated in accordance with subsection

(1) of section seven of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, beginning with the day on which it is made unless within that period it has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

(4) An order under this Part of this Act may provide for the delegation by the Minister of any functions (other than the function of determining guaranteed prices or factors relevant to the operation of such prices) conferred or imposed on him by the order.

927

Part I

— com.

Agriculture , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

928

Part 1

—COM. Repeal of certain enactments relating to livestock and cereals.

Interpretation of Part I.

Ch. 57

10. —(1) The Livestock Industry Act, 1937, and Parts I, II, and III of the Agricultural Development Act, 1939 (which made provision for the payment of subsidies in respect of home-grown oats and barley, for promoting the sales of such barley and for the payment of subsidies in respect of fat sheep) shall cease to have effect.

(2) On such day as the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food may by order appoint any money then standing to the credit of the Wheat Fund established under the Wheat Act, 1932, shall be paid to the said Minister and any other assets and any liabilities and obligations of the Wheat Commission constituted under that Act shall by virtue of this section and without further assurance be transferred to him.

(3) For the purpose of subsection (3) of section seven of the Wheat Act, 1932 (which requires the preparation of accounts relating to the Wheat Fund) the cereal year current on the day appointed under subsection (2) of this section shall be deemed to end on that day.

(4) As soon as the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food is satisfied that the said subsection (3) has been complied with on the part of the Wheat Commission in respect of the cereal year current on the day appointed under subsection (2) of this section, he shall by order dissolve that Commission, and thereupon the Wheat Acts, 1932 to 1940, shall cease to have effect.

11. In this Part of this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" annual review " and " special review " mean an annual review or special review held under section two of the Agriculture Act, 1947;

" consultation with producers ", in relation to any exercise of a function conferred or imposed by this Part of this Act on the Minister or the Ministers, means consultation with such bodies of persons as appear to the Minister or Ministers to represent the interests of producers of the produce concerned;

" description " includes quality;

"marketing scheme" means a scheme for regulating the marketing of any produce under the Agricultural Marketing Acts, 1931 to 1949, or any corresponding legislation enacted by the Parliament of Northern Ireland;

" the Ministers " means the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and the Secretaries of State respectively concerned with agriculture in Scotland and Northern Ireland, acting jointly;

1957

Agriculture Act, 1957

Ch. 57

929

" the Minister ", in relation to any part of the United Part I Kingdom, means either that one of the Ministers who is —cont. concerned with agriculture in that part, or that Minister and either or both of the others acting jointly;

"produce" includes anything (whether live or dead) produced in the course of agriculture.

Part II

Grants for Farm Improvements and Amalgamations

12.—(1) With a view to assisting in the making of long-term Grants for improvements for the benefit of agricultural land the Minister may make out of moneys provided by Parliament grants towards ^agricultural the cost of such improvements of a kind mentioned in the Second land Schedule to this Act as he may approve for that purpose, being improvements proposed in applications made to him within ten years from the commencement of this Part of this Act or such further time as may be allowed by an order under subsection (5) of this section.

(2) An application under this section may be made by any person having an interest in the land for the benefit of which such an improvement is proposed or by any person intending to acquire such an interest if the improvement is approved, and shall contain such particulars as the Minister may require.

(3) An application under this section may propose more than one improvement and the Minister may, as he thinks fit, either refuse to approve a proposed improvement or approve it in whole or in part and subject to any conditions he may specify; but he shall not approve any improvement unless he is satisfied—

(a) that the land for the benefit of which the improvement is proposed is agricultural land occupied together with buildings and is capable of yielding a sufficient livelihood to an occupier reasonably skilled in husbandry, or will be capable of doing so as a result of the improvement; and

(b) that the cost of the improvement will not be unreasonably high in relation to the benefit to be derived therefrom; and

(c) that the improvement is of such a nature that a prudent

landlord, having regard to its cost and to all other circumstances, would be willing to make it himself or to pay compensation (whether or not he was liable under any enactment to do so) to a tenant for making it.

(4) The Ministers may from time to time by order vary the Second Schedule to this Act, but without prejudice to the payment of any grant towards the cost of an improvement approved before the coming into operation of the order.

(5) The Ministers may from time to time by order extend the time within which applications under this section may be made,

2 G

930

Ch. 57

Agriculture Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part n

—cont.

Amount and payment of grants under s. 12.

Revocation of approval and recovery of grant.

but not beyond twelve years from the commencement of this Part of this Act.

13. —(1) The amount of any grant payable under this Part of this Act towards the cost of an improvement shall, subject to the following provisions of this section, be one-third of that cost so far as approved by the Minister as having been reasonably incurred.

(2) The Ministers may by regulations provide that the cost of any improvement specified in the regulations, or of a specified part of any such improvement, shall, at the option of the applicant for a grant under the last foregoing section, be taken to be such amount as may be so specified; and the amount of any grant payable under this Part of this Act towards the cost of such an improvement shall, if the applicant for the grant so elects in his application and the improvement is approved while the regulations are in force, be one-third of the amount so specified or, where the regulations make provision for the cost of part only of an improvement, one-third of the sum of the amount so specified for that part and of the actual cost (so far as approved by the Minister as having been reasonably incurred) of the remainder of the improvement, subject in either case, however, to the next following subsection.

(3) The Minister may reduce the amount of the grant or withhold the grant in any case where assistance in respect of the improvement is given under any other Act of Parliament.

(4) The grant shall be payable to the person or persons by whom or on whose behalf the work required for making the improvement is done and may be paid on the completion of that work or by instalments on the completion of parts thereof.

(5) This section has effect subject to the provisions of section fifteen of this Act.

14. —(1) Where, after the Minister has approved a proposed improvement, it appears to him that the work required for making the improvement has been badly done, or has been or is being unreasonably delayed, or is unlikely to be completed, or that any condition subject to which the approval was given has not been or will not be complied with, he may revoke the approval in whole or in part.

(2) Before revoking his approval the Minister—

(a) shall, if so requested, give to any person who appears to him to have an interest in the land concerned or to whom the relevant grant would be payable, a written notification of the reasons for the proposed revocation; and

(b) shall afford to every such person an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose by the Minister, and shall consider the report of that person.

1957

Agriculture , 1957

Ch. 57

931

(3) If before the revocation any payment was made by way art n of grant towards the cost of the improvement, or, if the approval is revoked in part only, towards the cost of so much of the improvement as is no longer approved, the Minister may recover the payment.

15. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have Special effect where an improvement proposed in an application under provisions section twelve of this Act consists of a cattle-grid to be provided

in pursuance of the Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids) Act,

1950, by an appropriate authority within the meaning of that Act.

(2) If under an agreement entered into by the authority under section ten of that Act any contribution towards the cost of providing the cattle-grid falls to be made by any other person, any grant made towards that cost under this Part of this Act shall be paid to that person instead of to the authority and the amount of the grant shall be one-third of the amount of his contribution, unless reduced as mentioned in subsection (3) of section thirteen of this Act.

(3) Where any grant has been paid to any person as provided by this section and any amount paid by him to the appropriate authority becomes repayable, one-third of that amount (or, where the grant was a smaller proportion of his contribution, that

' proportion of the amount) shall become payable by that person to the Minister.

16. —(1) With a view to securing the formation of economic Grants toward* units of agricultural land the Minister may make out SSiaucnation moneys provided by Parliament grants towards the costs of such ®ama transactions proposed in applications made to him under this

section as he may approve for that purpose, being such costs as are mentioned in the next following subsection.

(2) An application under this section may be made within the time within which applications under section twelve of this Act may be made and may propose any transactions necessary or expedient for securing that agricultural land which is not an economic unit, but which together with some other agricultural land could form an economic unit, shall be owned and occupied with that other land; and the said costs are surveyor’s fees and legal costs, stamp duty on any conveyance, tenancy agreement or mortgage, and any compensation for disturbance payable under section thirty-four of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948.

(3) An application under this section may be made by any person having an interest in any of the land the ownership and occupation of which as a unit is proposed in the application or by any person intending to acquire such an interest if the proposed transactions are approved, and shall contain such particulars as the Minister may require.

(4) The Minister may, as he thinks fit, approve a proposed transaction or refuse to approve it, and may give his approval subject to any conditions he may specify.

2 G 2

932

Ch. 57

Agriculture , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part II

Amount and payment of grants under s. 16.

Limit of aggregate amount of grants under Part II.

Supplementary provisions as to orders and

regulations.

Interpretation of Part II.

(5) In this section " economic unit " means a unit capable of yielding a sufficient livelihood to an occupier reasonably skilled in husbandry.

17. —-(1) The amount of any grant payable under the last foregoing section towards any costs shall be one-third of those costs so for as approved by the Minister as having been reasonably incurred.

(2) The grant shall be paid on the completion of all the transactions towards the costs of which it is made and shall be paid to the person or persons by whom the costs were incurred; but if after any payment has been made by way of grant it appears to the Minister that any condition subject to which his approval was given has not been or will not be complied with he may revoke the approval and recover the payment.

(3) Before revoking his approval the Minister—

(a) shall, if so requested, give to any person who appears to him to have an interest in the land concerned or to whom the relevant grant would be payable, a written notification of the reasons for the proposed revocation; and

(b) shall afford to every such person an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose by the Minister, and shall consider the report of that person.

18. The grants made under this Part of this Act shall not together exceed the sum of fifty million pounds or such greater amount, not exceeding fifty-five million pounds, as the Ministers may by order determine.

19. —(1) Any power of the Ministers to make orders or regulations under this Part of this Act shall be exercised with the consent of the Treasury.

(2) A statutory instrument containing regulations under section thirteen of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) An order under subsection (4) or subsection (5) of section twelve of this Act shall be of no effect unless approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament, and an order under section eighteen of this Act shall be of no effect unless approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament

20. In this Part of this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" agricultural land " means land used for agriculture;

" the Minister ", means, in relation to England and Wales or Northern Ireland, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, and, in relation to Scotland, the Secretary of State;

1957

Agriculture , 1957

Ch. 57

933

" the Ministers " means the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries Part 11

and Food and the Secretaries of State respectively —coni.

concerned with agriculture in Scotland and Northern Ireland, acting jointly.

21. This Part of this Act shall, in its application to Scotland, Application have effect subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) in subsection (2) of section twelve and in subsection (3) of section sixteen, after the words " having an interest " there shall be inserted the words " as proprietor or as tenant";

(b) in subsection (2) of section sixteen, for the references to a mortgage and to section thirty-four of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948, there shall be substituted respectively references to a heritable security and to section thirty-five of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act,

1949.

22. This Part of this Act shall, in its application to Northern Application Ireland, have effect subject to the following modifications, that PfE ®

* to Ireland. "

(a) in subsection (2) of section twelve and subsection (3) of

section sixteen, after the words "having an interest" there shall be inserted the words " as proprietor or as tenant";

(b) section fifteen shall not apply;

(c) the reference in subsection (2) of section sixteen to legal

costs shall include a reference to the costs of obtaining any requisite consent of the Ministry of Finance.

Part HI

Development of the Pig Industry

23.—-(1) With a view to improving efficiency in the production. Establishment marketing and distribution of pigs and the production, processing, and functions manufacture, marketing and distribution of pig products, and S^8 improving the quality of pigs and pig products, there shall be De^dopment constituted a body to be called the Pig Industry Development Authority. Authority (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as " the Authority") having the functions specified in Part I of the Third Schedule to this Act and such other functions as may be conferred on them by an order under subsection (2) of this section.

(2) The Ministers may by order confer on the Authority such functions as the Ministers think it expedient for the Authority to exercise for any of the purposes mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, being either—

(a) functions of a kind similar to the functions specified in the said Part I; or

934

Ch. 57

Agriculture , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part m

—cont.

Constitution of the Authority.

(b) functions which in the opinion of the Ministers could be conveniently exercised in association with any of the functions so specified.

(3) Nothing in this section or any order thereunder shall be construed as authorising the Authority to engage in the business of buying and selling pigs or pig products or to undertake or promote the establishment of arrangements for marketing pigs or pig products.

24.—(1) The Authority shall consist of seventeen members appointed by the Ministers and of those members—

(a) three shall be persons (in this Part of this Act referred to

as " independent members ") who in the opinion of the Ministers have no substantial financial interest in any business directly connected with any of the activities mentioned in subsection (1) of section twenty-three of this Act, but are otherwise qualified to serve on the Authority by reason of their financial, commercial, technical, scientific or administrative experience;

(b) four shall be persons appointed as capable of representing

the interests of commercial pig producers;

(c) two shall be persons appointed as capable of representing

the interests of pedigree pig breeders;

() one shall be a person appointed as capable of representing

the interests of persons employed in agriculture;

(e) two shall be persons appointed as capable of representing

the interests of producers of bacon;

(/) one shall be a person appointed as capable of representing the interests of distributors of bacon;

(g) two shall be persons appointed as capable of representing

the interests of distributors of fresh pigmeat;

(h) one shall be a person appointed as capable of representing

the interests of manufacturers of pig products other than bacon;

(/) one shall be a person appointed as capable of representing the interests of persons employed in the production, processing, manufacture, marketing or distribution of pig products.

(2) Before appointing any person to be a member of the Authority as capable of representing the interests of any class of persons, the Ministers shall consult with any organisation appearing to them to be representative of substantial numbers of the persons of that class.

(3) The Authority shall have a chairman and deputy chairman appointed by the Ministers from among the independent members.

1957

Agriculture , 1957

Ch. 57

935

(4) Every member of the Authority shall hold and vacate his Part in office in accordance with the terms of his appointment and shall, —cont. on ceasing to be a member, be eligible for re-appointment, but

a member may at any time, by notice in writing addressed to the secretary of the Authority, resign his office.

(5) The Authority shall—

(a) pay to their members such remuneration and such travelling or other allowances as the Ministers may determine in the case of those members respectively; and

(b) as regards any members in whose case the Ministers determine that this paragraph applies, pay such pensions, or make such payments towards the provision of pensions, to or in respect of them as the Ministers may determine in the case of those members respectively.

(6) The incidental provisions contained in Part II of the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the Authority.

25.—(1) The Authority may make and submit to the Ministers Power to a scheme for the imposition of charges for enabling the Authority ""P08® a levy, to meet their expenses, and for the recovery of such charges by the Authority in such manner and from such persons, being persons engaged in any of the activities mentioned in subsection

(1) of section twenty-three of this Act or persons having the control and management of slaughterhouses in which pigs are slaughtered, as may be specified in the scheme, and the Ministers may by order approve any such scheme with or without modifications.

(2) A scheme under this section shall specify the charges to be imposed thereby and may provide for their imposition in such circumstances as may be specified in the scheme and in particular for imposing different charges in different circumstances.

(3) A scheme under this section which provides for the imposition of charges in respect of the slaughter of pigs shall secure that no charge is made in respect of pigs slaughtered under the Diseases of Animals Act, 1950, or any order made thereunder.

(4) A scheme under this section which provides for the imposition of charges in respect of the slaughter of pigs and for their recovery from any person having the control and management of any slaughterhouse in which the pigs are slaughtered, may also make provision for enabling any such person—

(a) to recover the amount of any charge from any other person, being a person on whose instructions the pigs are slaughtered, notwithstanding the terms of any contract applicable to the slaughter of the pigs;

936

Ch. 57

Agriculture , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part 111

—com.

Registration, returns and records.

(b) to make from his payments to the Authority deductions in respect of his expenses of recovering any amount as mentioned in the foregoing paragraph.

(5) The power conferred by this section to make, submit and approve a scheme shall be construed as including power to make, submit and approve a scheme varying or revoking a scheme already approved.

(6) Any reference in this section to any person having the control and management of a slaughterhouse in which pigs are slaughtered includes a reference to a local authority providing slaughterhouse facilities for the slaughter of pigs under Part II of the Slaughterhouses Act, 1954, or Part IV of the Food and Drugs Act, 1955, or providing any similar facilities under any local enactment.

26.—(1) A scheme under section twenty-five of this Act may, so far as is necessary for determining the liability of persons to charges thereunder, confer on the Authority power to require any persons mentioned in subsection (1) of that section—

(a) to be registered in a register kept for that purpose by the Authority;

(b) to furnish returns and other information, and to produce for examination on behalf of the Authority books and other documents in their custody or under their control; and

(c) to keep records and to produce them for examination as aforesaid.

(2) Returns or other information furnished to or obtained by any person in pursuance of a requirement made under a scheme by virtue of paragraph (b) or (c) of subsection (1) of this section shall not be disclosed except—

(a) with the consent of the person by whom the information was furnished; or

(b) to a member or officer of the Authority; or

(c) in the form of a summary of similar returns or information furnished by or obtained from a number of persons, being a summary so framed as not to enable particulars relating to the business of an individual person to be ascertained therefrom; or

() for the purpose of any legal proceedings (whether civil or criminal and including arbitrations) arising out of this Part of this Act.

(3) Any person who fails to comply with a requirement made under a scheme by virtue of subsection (1) of this section shall be

1957

Agriculture , 1957

Ch. 57

937

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred Part m pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months —cont. or both.

(4) Any person who—

(a) in furnishing any information for the purposes of a scheme under section twenty-five of this Act, makes a statement which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material particular; or

(b) wilfully makes a false entry in any record which is required to be produced in pursuance of any such scheme; or

(c) discloses any information in contravention of subsection

(2) of this section;

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or both, or on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or both.

27.—(1) Where in the exercise of their functions the Authority Miscellaneous

render any services to any person they may make such charges in financial

respect thereof as may be agreed between the Authority and that person. Aumorny.

(2) The Authority may borrow money and pledge, mortgage or charge any of their property (including the proceeds of the diarges imposed by virtue of section twenty-five of this Act).

(3) The Authority shall have power to invest any moneys of the Authority which are not for the time being required for any other purpose in any securities in which trustees may invest trust moneys under die powers conferred by section one of the Trustee Act, 1925, or, with the approval of the Ministers, in any other securities.

28.—(1) The Authority shall prepare and transmit to the Annual Ministers annually a report setting out what has been done in report and the discharge of their functions under this Act during their financial year last completed and the Ministers shall lay a copy of the report before each House of Parliament.

(2) The Authority shall keep proper accounts and shall prepare in respect of each financial year of the Authority statements of account in such form as the Ministers, with the approval of the Treasury, may direct; and the accounts of the Authority for each financial year shall be audited by auditors to be appointed by them.

2 G*

93$

Ch. 57

Agriculture; 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part in

— cot

Provision by Milk Marketing Boards of artificial insemination services for

pigB.

Dissolution of Bacon Development Board and Pigs and Bacon Marketing Boards.

(3) No person shall be qualified to be appointed auditor under the last foregoing subsection unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies:—

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

The Society of Incorporated Accountants;

The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

The Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

Any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom for the time being recognised for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948 by the Board of Trade.

(4) As soon as may be after the accounts of the Authority have been audited, the auditors shall transmit to the Ministers copies of the statements of account together with their report thereon, and the Ministers shall lay a copy of the statement and report before each House of Parliament.

(5) A copy of any annual report of the Authority or of their statements of account for any financial year shall at the request of any person and on payment of such fee, not exceeding two shillings and sixpence in the case of the annual report or one shilling in the case of the statements of account, as may be determined by the Authority be supplied to him by the Authority.

29. Notwithstanding anything in the Agricultural Marketing Acts, 1931 to 1949, or in any milk marketing scheme in force under those Acts, the Board administering any such scheme shall have power, with the approval of the Minister by whom the scheme was approved and subject to any directions which may from time to time be given by him, to provide services of artificial insemination for pigs.

30. —-(1) On the appointed day the assets, liabilities and obligations of the Bacon Development Board established under the Bacon Industry Act, 1938, and the Pigs Marketing Board established under the Pigs Marketing Scheme, 1933, shall by virtue of this subsection and without further assurance be transferred to the Authority.

(2) On or before the appointed day the Bacon Marketing Board established under the Bacon Marketing Scheme, 1933, shall transfer to the Authority assets of the Board which art

1957

Agriculture , 1957

Ch. 57

939

estimated by the Ministers to be worth a sum specified by them, being a sum which does not exceed the net value as so estimated of the assets of the Pigs Marketing Board transferred under subsection (1) of this section, and on that day the remaining assets and any liabilities and obligations then vested in the Bacon Marketing Board shall by virtue of this subsection and without further assurance be transferred to such body as may be nominated by the Ministers (being a body which appears to them to represent the interests of producers of bacon and has signified in writing its agreement to the nomination) or, in default of any such nomination, to the Authority.

(3) For the purpose of the accounting provisions applicable to any of the Boards mentioned in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, the financial year or annual accounting period of that Board current on the day appointed for the transfer of its assets, liabilities and obligations shall be deemed to end on that day.

(4) As soon as the Ministers are satisfied that the accounting provisions applicable to any of the said Boards have been complied with on the part of that Board in respect of that year or period, they shall by order dissolve that Board, and thereupon any expenses incurred by that Board in complying with those provisions after the day appointed for the transfer of its assets, liabilities and obligations shall become a liability of the Authority or other body to whom its other liabilities have been transferred under this section.

(5) On the making of the last order required by subsection (4) of this section, the Bacon Industry Acts, 1938 and 1939, the Pigs Marketing Scheme, 1933, and the Bacon Marketing Scheme, 1933, shall cease to have effect.

(6) The accounting provisions applicable to the said Boards are paragraph 18 of the First Schedule to the Bacon Industry Act, 1938, in the case of the Bacon Development Board, paragraph 32 of the Pigs Marketing Scheme, 1933, in the case of the Pigs Marketing Board, and paragraph 33 of the Bacon Marketing Scheme, 1933, in the case of the Bacon Marketing Board.

(7) In this section " the appointed day " means such day as the Ministers may by order appoint and different days may be appointed for different purposes.

31.—(1) In this Part of this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" the Ministers " means the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and the Secretary of State concerned with agriculture in Scotland, acting jointly;

2 G* 2

Part in

—corn.

Provisions supplementary to Part III.

940

Ch. 57

Agriculture Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part in * pig products " includes pigmeat and bacon, but does not

--cant. include anything which is not capable of being used for

human consumption or in the preparation of food for human consumption.

(2) An order under section twenty-three or section twenty-five of this Act shall be of no effect unless approved by resolution of each House of Parliament,

Part IV

Miscellaneous and Gbneral

Exchequer payments in aid of schemes for agriculture in Northern Ireland.

32.—(1) In the financial year beginning on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, and in each subsequent financial year during the period ending on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-two, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food may pay into the Exchequer of Northern Ireland sums not exceeding one million pounds in respect of expenses incurred by the Ministry of Agriculture for Northern Ireland, in pursuance of arrangements approved for the purpose of this section by the Ministers, in making payments to or for the benefit of producers of agricultural produce in Northern Ireland.

(2) The Ministers may from time to time by order direct that the period specified in subsection (1) of this section shall be extended until such date, not later than five years from the date upon which it would otherwise expire, as may be specified in the order; and any such order may direct that in relation to the period of extension so specified the said subsection (1) shall have effect as if for the reference to one million pounds there were substituted a reference to such higher or lower amount as may be so specified.

(3) An order under this section shall be of no effect unless approved by resolution of each House of Parliament. 4

(4) If in any year during the period ending on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and sixty-two, or during any period of extension specified in an order under subsection (2) of this section, the sums paid into the Exchequer of Northern Ireland under subsection (1) of this section fall short of the maximum authorised by that subsection in the case of that year, the balance may be added to the sums payable under that subsection in the subsequent year or years of the same period or period of extension.

1957 Agriculture 1957 Ch. 57

(5) If at the expiration of twelve months after the end of any such period as aforesaid any sums paid under subsection (1) of this section have not been applied in the payment of expenses incurred by the Ministry of Agriculture for Northern Ireland as therein mentioned, those sums shall be repaid to the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food.

(6) The Ministers shall, before the end of each financial year, lay before Parliament a statement describing the substance of any arrangements for the time being approval by them for the purposes of this section.

(7) In this section " the Ministers *' has the same meaning as in Part I of this Act.

33. —(1) Any expenses incurred by the Minister of Agriculture, Expenses and

Fisheries and Food or by a Secretary of State under this ActJ^Pjof shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament Mmistaa.

(2) Any sums received or recovered by the said Minister or a Secretary of State in pursuance of this Act or any order made thereunder shall be paid into the Exchequer.

34. Part II of the First Schedule to the House of Commons Dbqualifica-

Disqualification Act, 1957 (which specifies certain commissions,tion gf tribunals and other bodies all members of which are disqualified pSlnSistiL under that Act), shall have effect, in its application to the House Development of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, as if Authority for after the words " The Performing Right Tribunal " there were membership of inserted the words " The Pig Industry Development Authority *\ of

35. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings Gen^r?1

hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say— to

"Act of Parliament " and " enactment " include respectively ation, orders, an Act and an enactment of the Parliament of Northern etc-Ireland;

" agriculture " has the same meaning as in the Agriculture Act, 1947;

" assets " includes property and rights.

(2) Any power to make an order or regulations under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument

(3) Any power to make an order under this Act shall include power to revoke or vary that order by a subsequent order.

(4) References in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as references thereto as amended, and as including references thereto as extended, by or under any subsequent enactment.

941

Part IV

—con/.

942

Ch. 57

Agriculture Actt 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Part IV 36.—(1) The enactments and regulations described in the

—cont. Fourth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent

Repeals and specified in the third column of that Schedule— transitional

provisions. (a) in the case of the enactments and regulations described

in Part I of that Schedule, on the commencement of Part I of this Act;

(6) in the case of the enactments described in Part II of that Schedule, on the date on which the Wheat Commission is dissolved;

(c) in the case of the enactments and regulations described in Part HI of that Schedule, on the date of the making of the last order required by subsection (4) of section thirty of this Act.

(2) In Part I of the Agriculture Act, 1947, so far as not repealed by this section, any reference to produce mentioned in the First Schedule to that Act shall be construed as a reference to produce mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act and to sugar beet, and any reference to the provisions of the said Part I shall be construed as including a reference to the provisions of Part I of this Act.

(3) The period during which orders under subsection (1) of section four of the Agriculture Act, 1947, have effect (being a period which would otherwise expire with the fifth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven) shall be extended until the commencement of Part I of this Act, and any order in force under that subsection at the commencement of the said Part I shall continue in force and have effect as if made under section one of this Act, and may be revoked or varied accordingly.

(4) The provisions of the Livestock (Import from Eire and the Isle of Man) Regulations, 1945, being regulations made under subsection (3) of section twenty-eight of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940, shall, so far as those provisions could be made by an order under section six of this Act, continue in force notwithstanding the repeal of the said section twenty-eight and have effect as if made under the said section six, and may be revoked or varied accordingly.

Short title, 37.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Agriculture Act, 1957.

commencement ^his Act, except subsection (3) of section thirty-six, shall come into force on the first day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

(3) This Act, except Part III, extends to Northern Ireland.

1957

Agriculture , 1957

Of. 57

943

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Section 1.

Produce Qualifying for Guarantee Part I Crops

Wheat

Barley

Oats

Rye

Potatoes

Part n

Livestock and Livestock Products

Fat Cattle Fat Sheep Fat Pigs

Cow's Milk (Liquid)

Eggs (Hen and Duck in Shell)

Wool

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 12.

Improvements Eligible for Grant under s. 12

1. Erection, alteration, enlargement or reconditioning of permanent farm buildings (other than dwelling-houses), and making or improvement of permanent yards, loading banks and stocks.

2. Provision of means of sewage disposal other than from dwelling-houses.

3. Making and improvement of roads, fords, bridges, railway crossings and creeps.

4. Provision or laying-on of electric light or power to farms for agricultural purposes.

5. Provision of pens and other fixed equipment for use in connection with the sheltering, gathering, marking, dipping, spraying, treatment or feeding of sheep and cattle.

6. Making and improvement of permanent fences (including hedges), walls and gates.

7. Provision of cattle-grids.

8. Reclamation of waste land.

9. Provision of shelter belts.

10. Removal of hedges and banks, filling in of ditches, removal of boulders, tree roots and other like obstructions to cultivation.

11. Claying and marling.

12. Any operation incidental to any of the operations specified in the other paragraphs of this Schedule or necessary or proper in carrying it out or securing the full benefit thereof.

944

Ch. 57

Agriculture Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Sections 23, 24.

THIRD SCHEDULE Provisions as to Pig Industry Development Authority

Part I

Functions of the Authority

1. Undertaking arrangements for assessing the breeding qualities of boars and sows and the management of the herds to which they belong on the basis of information recorded as to the pigs bom to those boars and sows.

2. Promoting or undertaking the progeny testing of pigs and acquiring and maintaining establishments where progeny testing may be carried out (whether by the Authority or by any person on their behalf).

3. Promoting or undertaking the provision of services of artificial insemination for pigs.

4. Maintaining and publishing a register of pig herds appearing to the Authority to be efficiently managed and to conform to standards specified by the Authority.

5. Promoting the use for breeding purposes of boars of a quality approved by the Authority.

6. Promoting or, with the approval of the Ministers and the Lord President of the Council, undertaking investigations and research relevant to the problems of pig production, marketing and distribution and the production, processing, manufacture, marketing and distribution of pig products.

7. Formulating and encouraging the adoption of grading standards for pigs and pig products.

8. Undertaking the certification of pig products, the registration of certification trade-marks and the functions of proprietors of such marks.

9. Promoting or undertaking research into the demand (whether in Great Britain or elsewhere) for pigs and pig products and into matters connected therewith, including the collection and analysis of information about the demand and prices paid for pigs and pig products.

10. Promoting or undertaking arrangements for advertising and increasing the sales (whether in Great Britain or elsewhere) of pigs and pig products.

11. Undertaking arrangements for making available information obtained, and advising, on matters with which the Authority are concerned in the exercise of any of their functions.

12. Any function incidental or ancillary to any of the functions specified in the foregoing paragraphs.

1957

Agriculture , 1957

Ch. 57

945

Part II

Incidental Provisions as to the Authority

1. The Authority shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal and power to hold land without licence in mortmain.

2. The Authority may act notwithstanding a vacancy among the members of the Authority.

3. It shall be within the capacity of the Authority as a statutory corporation to do such things and to enter into such transactions as are incidental or conducive to the performance of their functions.

4. The Authority may appoint such advisory committees as they think fit to consider such matters with which the Authority may be concerned as they may specify and to report thereon to the Authority, and any such committee may comprise persons who are not members of the Authority.

5. —(1) A member of the Authority shall, if he is in any way directly or indirectly interested in a contract made or proposed to be made by the Authority, disclose the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Authority as soon as possible after the relevant circumstances have come to his knowledge.

(2) Any disclosure made by a member under the last foregoing sub-paragraph shall be recorded in the minutes of the Authority, and that member—

(a) shall not take part after the disclosure in any deliberation or decision of the Authority with respect to that contract, and

(b) shall be disregarded for the purpose of constituting a quorum of the Authority for any such deliberation or decision.

6. In the case of an equality of votes at any meeting of the Authority, the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or casting vote.

7. Subject to the two last foregoing paragraphs, the Authority may determine their own quorum and procedure and the quorum and procedure of any committee of the Authority.

8. —(1) The Authority may appoint a secretary and such other officers and such servants as the Authority may determine.

(2) The Authority shall—

(a) pay to their officers and servants such remuneration as they may determine, and

(b) as regards any officers or servants in whose case they may determine to do so, pay to or in respect of them such pensions and gratuities, or provide and maintain for them such pension schemes (whether contributory or not), as the Authority may determine.

9. The application of the seal of the Authority shall be authenticated by the signatures of two members of the Authority and of the secretary thereof or some other person authorised by the Authority to do so in his stead.

3rd See.

— com

946

Ch. 57

Agriculture , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Section 36.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Enactments and Regulations Repealed Part I

Enactments and regulations repealed on commencement of Part I of Act

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

1 Edw. 8. & 1

The Livestock Indus-

The whole Act.

Geo. 6. c. 50. 1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 70.

try Act, 1937.

The Agriculture Act, 1937.

Part II.

In section twenty-nine, in subsection (1), paragraph (b).

In section thirty-two, the definitions of 44 acre " and 44 home-grown ". In section thirty-three, paragraph 0d).

1 & 2 Geo. 6.

c. 25.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 48.

The Eire (Confirmation of Agreements) Act, 1938.

The Agricultural Development Act, 1939.

The First Schedule.

In section three, subsection (3) and in subsection (4), the words from 44 and may" to 44 1937 ".

Parts I, II and m.

Section thirty-three.

In section thirty-four, subsections (1) and (4).

In section thirty-five, subsection (1), and in subsection (2), the words 44 or under " where first occurring, and the words from 44 or who " to

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 14.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 48.

The Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940.

The Agriculture Act, 1947.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. The Statute Law c. 5. Revision Act, 1953.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

The Sugar Act, 1956.

The Defence (Apiculture and Fish-

"power".

Sections thirty-six and thirty-seven. In section thirty-eight, in subsection

(1) , the definitions of "acre", "home-grown", "the Ministers" and44 ploughing ", and subsections

(2) , (3) and (4).

In section thirty-nine, paragraphs (b) and (c).

The Schedules.

Part II.

Section twenty-eight

In section thirty-two, subsection (5).

The Third Schedule.

Sections three to seven.

In section eight, in subsection (1), the words from 44 and the expression 44 to the end of the subsection. The First Schedule.

In the Fourth Schedule, the entry relating to section ten of the Agricultural Development, Act, 1939.

In section seventeen, subsection (8).

Partin.

The Second Schedule.

eries) Regulations, 1939.

1957

Agriculture , 1957

Ch. 57

947

Part II

Enactments repealed on dissolution of Wheat Commission

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 24. The Wheat Act, 1932. The whole Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. The Wheat (Amend- The whole Act.

c. 37. ment) Act, 1939.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. The Agriculture Parti.

c. 14. (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940. The First and Second Schedules.

Part III

Enactments and regulations repealed on date of last

order under s. 30 (4)

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 71. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 10. The Bacon Industry Act, 1938. The Bacon Industry (Amendment) Act, 1939. The Defence (Agriculture and Fisheries) Regulations, 1939. The whole Act. The whole Act. Part n. The First Schedule.

oooo Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Trustee Act, 1925

Wheat Act, 1932

Livestock Industry Act, 1937

Bacon Industry Act, 1938

Agricultural Development Act, 1939

Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions)

Act, 1940

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946

Agriculture Act, 1947

Companies Act, 1948

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1949 ... Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids) Act, 1950

Diseases of Animals Act, 1950

Slaughterhouses Act, 1954

Food and Drugs Act, 1955

Sugar Act, 1956

House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 19.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 24.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 50.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 71.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 48.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 14.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 48.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 63.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.C.75. 14 Geo. 6. c. 24.

14 Geo. 6. c. 36.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 42.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

4ih Sch. —cont.

948

Records of deaths, births and marriages among armed forces and service civilians and their families overseas.

Ch. 58 Registration of Birt, Deaths and 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Marriages (Special Provisions) , 1957

CHAPTER 58

Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Special Provisions) , 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Records of deaths, births and marriages among armed forces and

service civilians and their families overseas.

2. Records of deaths and births on board Her Majesty’s ships and service

aircraft.

3. General provisions as to service departments records.

4. Validation of certain entries in marine register books and in registers

kept by Army and Royal Air Force.

3. Registration of births of legitimated persons in the service departments registers.

6. Provisions as to Orders in Council.

7. Short title, etc.

An Act to provide for the registration of births, deaths and marriages occurring out of the United Kingdom among members of the armed forces and certain other persons, or occurring on board certain ships or aircraft; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[31st My, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide for the keeping of records of deaths and births occurring, and marriages solemnised, outside the United Kingdom among, or among the families of—

(a) members of Her Majesty’s naval, military or air forces, or

(b) persons serving Her Majesty in, or otherwise employed in any capacity connected with. Her Majesty's naval, military or air forces, or persons belonging to or employed by any organisation concerned with the welfare of members of those forces.

(2) An Order in Council under this section may provide—

(a) for the transmission of certified copies of any such records to the Registrar General for England and Wales, and

(b) for the transmission by the said Registrar General in such cases as may be specified in the Order of extracts from such certified copies to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland or the Registrar General for Northern Ireland.

1957 Registration of Births, Deaths and Ch. 58 949

Marriages (Special Provisions) , 1957

(3) An entry in a record kept under an Order in Council under this section which relates to, or to the family of, a person of any description specified in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall not be questioned on the ground that that person did not fell within any more particular description contained in the Order.

(4) After the commencement of this Act no further entry

shall be made under the Registration of Births, Deaths and 42 & 43 Vict. Marriages (Army) Act, 1879 (which, as amended under thee 8.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, provides for the recording 7 & 8 Geo. 5. of deaths, births and marriages of members of Her Majesty’s c* 51 • military or air forces or their families overseas), in any register kept under that Act and an Order in Council under this section may provide for the transmission of any such registers to the Registrar General for England and Wales and for the transmission by him of certified copies of entries in such registers to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland or the Registrar General for Northern Ireland.

(5) In this section references to a person’s family shall include references to any relative, dependant or servant ordinarily living with him.

2.—(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide for the Records of keeping of records—

(a) of deaths and births occurring in any part of the world Her on board ships belonging to Her Majesty, and Majesty’s

(h) of deaths and births occurring in any part of the world 8hiP? and on aircraft belonging to Her Majesty, or any other aircraft not registered in the United Kingdom but for the time being employed for the purposes of Her Majesty’s forces, and

(c) of the death outside the United Kingdom of any person who, being a traveller on such an aircraft, is killed on the journey in consequence of an accident.

(2) An Order in Council under this section may provide—

(a) for the transmission of certified copies of any such records to the Registrar General for England and Wales, and

(b) for the transmission by the said Registrar General in

such cases as may be specified in the Order of extracts from such certified copies to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland or the Registrar General for Northern Ireland.

(3) After the commencement of this Act no further entry

shall be made under subsection (1) of section thirty-seven of the 37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict. Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874 (which providesc*88*

950 Ch. 58 Registration of , Deaths and 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Marriages (Special Provisions) Act, 1957

for the registration of deaths and births on board Her Majesty’s ships), and an Order in Council under this section may provide for the transmission of certified copies of entries made under that subsection to any of the said Registrars General.

General 3.—(1) All such registers and copies of entries in registers

provisions as or records as have been duly transmitted to the Registrar Apartments General for England and Wales, the Registrar General of Births,

records. Deaths and Marriages in Scotland or the Registrar General for

Northern Ireland in pursuance of this Act, or of section two erf the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Army) Act, 1879, or of section thirty-seven of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874, shall be known as " the Service Departments Registers ".

(2) The enactments relating to the registration of births and deaths and marriages in England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland (which contain provisions authorising the admission in evidence of, and of extracts from, certified copies of registers and duplicate registers) shall have effect as if the Service Departments Registers were certified copies or duplicate registers transmitted to the Registrar General in accordance with those enactments.

(3) An error of fact or substance in any register or other record kept in pursuance of this Act or of section two of the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Army) Act, 1879, or of section thirty-seven of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874, may be corrected by an entry in the margin (without any alteration of the original entry) by such officer as may be specified in an Order in Council under this Act upon production to him of a statutory declaration setting forth the nature of the error and the true facts of the case made by two credible persons having knowledge of the truth of the case, and Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide for the correction of clerical errors in any such register or other record.

Validation of certain entries in marine

register books and in

registers kept by Army and Royal Air Force.

4.—(1) Where in any marine register book kept under subsection (7) of section thirty-seven of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874, a death or birth which occurred outside the United Kingdom, but not on board one of Her Majesty’s ships, among, or among the families of, persons serving in Her Majesty’s naval forces, the Royal Marines or any Marine reserve, or persons of any description specified in paragraph ( of subsection (1) of section one of this Act, was entered before the commencement of this Act, the said subsection (7) shall be deemed always to have applied as if it authorised the making of such entries.

1957 Registration of Births, Deaths and Ch. 58 951

Marriages (Special Provisions) , 1957

(2) Where in any register kept under section two of the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Army) Act, 1879, by any of Her Majesty’s military or air forces a death, birth or marriage which occurred or was solemnised outside the United Kingdom among, or among the families of, any such persons as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section was entered before the commencement of this Act, the said section two shall be deemed always to have applied as if regulations under that section authorised the making of such entries.

5.—(1) Where in the case of— Registration

(a) a person whose birth is recorded in the Service Depart- legitimated

ments Registers, or persons in the

(b) a person bom outside the United Kingdom whose ^artments

father at the time of the birth was a member of Her registers. Majesty’s naval, military or air forces or a person of a description falling within paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act,

evidence is produced to the appropriate Registrar General which appears to him to be satisfactory that that person was, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, legitimated by the subsequent marriage of his parents, the said Registrar General may authorise at any time the re-registration or, as the case may be, the registration of that person’s birth, and the reregistration or registration shall be effected in such manner and at such place as may be provided by an Order in Council under this Act:

Provided that, except where—

(i) the paternity of the legitimated person has been

established by an affiliation order or otherwise by a decree of a court of competent jurisdiction, or

(ii) a declaration of the legitimacy of the legitimated person

has been made by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United Kingdom,

the said Registrar General shall not authorise re-registration or registration unless information with a view to obtaining it is furnished by both parents. 2

(2) In this section "the appropriate Registrar General" means, in relation to a person whose father was at the time of the marriage domiciled in Scotland, the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland, in relation to a person whose father was at the time of the marriage domiciled in Northern Ireland, the Registrar General for Northern Ireland, and in any other case the Registrar General for England and Wales.

952

Provisions as to Orders in Council.

Short titi* etc.

Ch. 58, 59 Registration of BirthDeaths and 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Marriages (Special Provisions) Act, 1957

6. —(1) Any power of making an Order in Council under this Act shall include a power of varying or revoking such an Order.

(2) An Order in Council under section one or section two of this Act may include provisions with respect to deaths or births occurring, and marriages solemnised, before the commencement of this Act.

(3) Any power conferred by this Act to make provision by Order in Council shall include power to make that provision for specified classes of cases and to make different provision for different classes of cases.

7. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Special Provisions) Act, 1957.

(2) Section two of the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Army) Act, 1879, and section thirty-seven of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874, are hereby repealed.

(3) It is hereby declared that the provisions of this Act affecting the Acts relating to the registration of births, deaths and marriages extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act shall come into force on such date as Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint.

CHAPTER 59

Coal-Mining ( Subsidenc Act, 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Duty of National Coal Board in respect of subsidence damage.

2. Notices to be given to or by Board.

3. Cases where further damage is likely or occurs.

4. Powers of Board with respect to preventive works.

5. Special provisions with respect to damage affecting land drainage.

6. Avoidance of double remedies.

7. Powers of Board to recover expenditure in certain cases.

8. Liability of Board for certain damage occurring before passing of Act.

9. Special provisions as to ancient monuments etc.

10. Special provisions as to certain tenants.

11. Special provisions with respect to ecclesiastical property, settlements,

etc.

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

953

Section

12. Payments in respect of death or disablement in certain cases.

13. Determination of disputes.

14. False information.

15. Reimbursement of expenses.

16. Regulations.

17. Interpretation etc.

18. Short title, repeals and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Provisions as to dwelling-houses rendered uninhabitable.

Second Schedule—Determination of amount of depreciation and recipients of certain payments.

An Act to provide for the execution of remedial works and the making of payments in respect of damage caused by subsidence resulting from the working and getting of coal or of coal and other minerals worked therewith; for the execution of works to prevent or reduce such damage; for the carrying out of remedial or preventive measures in connection with land drainage affected or likely to be affected by such damage; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[31st July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) This Act shall apply in relation to any subsidence Duty of damage occurring after the passing of this Act; and in this Act

the expression " subsidence damage " means any damage (includ- m

ing an alteration of the level or gradient of property not other- subsidence wise damaged such as to affect the fitness of that property for damage, use for the purposes mentioned in the next following subsection)—

(a) to a building or structure or to any of the following works, that is to say, any sewer or drain situated in a building or structure which it serves and any pipes, wires or other fixed apparatus installed in a building or structure for the purpose of providing gas, electricity, water, heating or telephone services for use in that building or structure, and any fixed apparatus (other than pipes or wires) installed outside, but within the curtilage of, a building or structure for the purpose of supplying any such service as aforesaid to that building or structure for use therein; or

ie

954

Ch. 59

Coal-Mining (

Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(b) to works of the following descriptions, that is to say, sewers, drains, and any pipes or wires for the supply of gas, electricity, water, heating, telephone or other comparable services, being either works situated outside any building or structure or works in the nature of mains situated in a building or structure in which they neither begin nor end; or

(c) to any land, not being damage to that land only as the site of an existing building or structure or of existing works such as are mentioned in the two foregoing paragraphs and being damage such as to affect the fitness of that land for use for the purposes mentioned in the next following subsection, caused by the withdrawal of support from land in connection with the lawful working and getting of coal, or of coal and other minerals worked therewith, or the lawful getting of any product from coal in the course of working it, not being—

(i) damage caused in connection with the working and

getting of coal and other minerals where the working and getting of the coal was ancillary to the working of those other minerals; or

(ii) damage caused in connection with the working and

getting of coal or of coal and other minerals by virtue of the grant of a gale in the Forest of Dean or any other part of the Hundred of St. Briavels in the county of Gloucester.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of any subsidence damage the National Coal Board (in this Act referred to as " the Board ") shall execute such works (in this Act referred to as " remedial works ") as may be necessary to render the damaged property reasonably fit for use for the purposes for which, at the date immediately before the damage occurred, it was or might in all the circumstances reasonably have been expected to be used:

Provided that no works shall be deemed to be necessary as aforesaid over and above such as may be sufficient to render ffie property not less fit for those purposes than it was at that date.

In this subsection the expression "works" includes works of redecoration.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Board may, instead of executing remedial works under the last foregoing subsection, elect—

(a) to make a payment equal to the cost reasonably incurred

by any other person in executing remedial works; or

(b) in a case where it is proposed to merge the execution

of other works in connection with the damaged property with the execution of any remedial works or to

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

955

redevelop, instead of executing remedial works in connection with, the damaged property, to make payments equal to any sums from time to time shown to have been expended by any other person in executing the merged works or, as the case may be, the redevelopment works up to an aggregate amount equal to the expenditure which it is estimated would have been incurred by the Board or by any other person, whichever estimate is the less, in executing remedial works in connection with the damaged property;

and, without prejudice to the next following subsection, the Board—

(i) where the damaged property is a highway maintainable

or repairable by the inhabitants at large or a highway in Scotland managed and maintained by the Secretary of State or by a county or town council; or

(ii) in any case where the execution of remedial works falls

within a duty with respect to the damaged property imposed by virtue of any enactment on a government department, local authority or statutory undertakers in connection with the maintenance of public services; or

(iii) where it is certified by the Minister, on an application made to him by any other person or of his own motion, that in his opinion it is not in the public interest that the Board should themselves execute the remedial works,

shall make the appropriate election under this subsection, and, in any other case where it is proposed to execute such merged works or redevelopment works as aforesaid or where the remedial works required are of a special character not suitable for execution by the Board, shall not unreasonably refuse any request to make the appropriate election under this subsection received from a person entitled to serve a damage notice in respect of the property:

Provided that the Board shall not be deemed to act unreasonably in refusing any such request received after the Board have begun to execute remedial works. 4

(4) Subject to the provisions of this Act, if in the case of any property affected by subsidence damage—

(a) the reasonable cost of executing remedial works would, in the opinion of the Board, exceed the amount of the depreciation in the value of the property caused by the damage; or

(b) the property is a dwelling-house and it appears to the Board that a notice to treat for the compulsory

Ch. 59 Coal-Mining (Subsidence) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1957

purchase thereof is likely to be served under Part HI of the Housing Act, 1936, or Part HI of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950 (which relate to clearance and redevelopment) in such circumstances that compensation payable for the purchase will fall, but if the subsidence damage had not occurred would not have fallen, to be assessed subject to subsection (2) or (3) of section forty of the said Act of 1936 or, as the case may be, subsection (2) of section thirty-six of the said Act of 1950 (which provide for compensation by reference to site value); or

(c) the property is a dwelling-house and it appears to the Board that a clearance order under either of the said Parts III is likely to be made in respect thereof in such circumstances that the making of the clearance order will be attributable to the subsidence damage,

the Board may, instead of executing any works or making any payment under the foregoing provisions of this section, elect to make a payment equal to the amount mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection; and if in the case of any dwelling-house affected by subsidence damage the Board do not elect to make a payment under this subsection but, before the completion of remedial works or, in a case falling within paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection, before all sums in respect of which the Board are liable to make payments have been expended, a notice to treat is served under either of the said Parts in either in respect of the dwelling-house in such circumstances as are mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection or in respect of the cleared site of the dwelling-house, or a clearance order is made under either of the said Parts III in such circumstances as are mentioned in paragraph (c) of this subsection, then, notwithstanding and without prejudice to any expenditure or liability of the Board in respect of works already executed, the Board shall make a payment in respect of the dwelling-house equal to the amount mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection in like manner as if they had originally elected so to do under paragraph (b) or (c) thereof and shaft be absolved from any further obligations in respect of the dwelling-house under the two last foregoing subsections:

Provided that the Board shall not make a payment under paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of this subsection—

(i) in respect of subsidence damage to any agricultural land or to any building or structure occupied in connection with such land except after consultation with the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food or, in the case of property situated in Scotland, the Secretary of State; or

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

957

(ii) in respect of subsidence damage to a dwelling-house except after consultation with the local authority for the purposes of Part II of the Housing Act, 1936, or, in Scotland, for the purposes of the Housing (Scotland)

Act, 1950, in whose area the dwelling-house is situated, and if such a payment is made in respect of a dwelling-house the local authority aforesaid shall not in the exercise of any power to require the repair of that dwelling-house require the execution of any works of repair in respect of that subsidence damage.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, but subject to the provisions of this Act, the Board shall, if works of a temporary nature urgently and reasonably required in order that the damaged property may continue to be used for the purposes for which it was used immediately before the damage occurred or in order to prevent further damage to that property arising from the subsidence damage (in this Act referred to as "emergency works") have been executed by any other person, make a payment equal to the cost reasonably incurred in executing those works.

(6) Where a dwelling-house is affected by subsidence damage, the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect.

(7) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of determining—

(a) the unit of property to be taken into account for the

purposes of subsection (4) of this section as being affected by subsidence damage;

(b) the amount of the depreciation in the value of any such

unit caused by the damage; and

(c) the persons who are to receive any payments made under

subsection (3), (4) or (5) of this section.

2.—(1) The Board shall not be required to execute any works Notices to be or make any payment under subsections (2) to (5) of the given to or by foregoing section in respect of subsidence damage to anyBoard* property unless the owner of the property or some other person who is liable to make good the damage in whole or in part has given notice in writing to the Board of the occurrence of the damage in such manner, within such time, and containing such particulars, as may be prescribed (in this Act referred to as a "damage notice") and has afforded the Board reasonable facilities to inspect the property, so far as he was in a position to afford such facilities.

(2) As soon after receiving from any person a damage notice or a request to exercise their power of election under subsection (3) of the foregoing section as is reasonably practicable having regard among other things to the provisions of sections six, nine and ten of this Act, the Board shall consider whether

958

Ch. 59

Coal-Mining (

Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

or not to exercise their powers of election under the said subsection (3) or under subsection (4) of the foregoing section and give notice in writing of their decision to the person aforesaid; and, without prejudice to subsection (3) of the next following section, where the Board have given notice that they elect to make a payment under one or the other of those subsections they shall not revoke that election except with the agreement of all persons to whom they have given notice thereof or who have served on the Board a notice under the next following subsection:

Provided that if the Board serve a notice under subsection <2> of the next following section in respect of any works in connection with the damaged property, the Board shall not be required to serve a notice under this subsection in respect of those works until the notice under the said subsection (2) ceases to be in force in respect thereof.

(3) The Board shall not be required to make any payment under subsection (3) of the foregoing section in respect of any works executed by any other person in connection with any property unless that person has given notice in writing to the Board, in the prescribed manner and, except in such circumstances as may be prescribed, at the prescribed interval before the works are begun, containing adequate particulars thereof, and has afforded the Board reasonable facilities to inspect the property, so far as he was in a position to afford such facilities.

(4) The Board shall not be required to make any payment under subsection (5) of the foregoing section in respect of any emergency works executed by any other person in connection with any property—

(a) unless that person has given to the Board in writing as

soon as was reasonably practicable in all the circumstances notice and adequate particulars of those works, and has afforded the Board reasonable facilities to inspect the property, so far as he was in a position to afford such facilities; or

(b) if the emergency works are executed after the Board

have given notice under subsection (2) of this section that they elect to make a payment in respect of the damaged property under subsection (4) of the foregoing section. 5

(5) Where the Board have given notice under subsection (2) of this section to the person by whom a damage notice was served that they propose to execute remedial works under subsection (2) of the foregoing section, the Board, if so requested by that person at any time before these works are completed, shall give to that person in writing adequate information with respect to any of those works still remaining to be executed.

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

959

3.—(1) The next following subsection shall apply in any case Cases where where a damage notice has been served on the Board in respect farther of any property and it appears to the Board to be probable #"IJa0e " that further subsidence damage will occur to that property within such a period as would make it unreasonable that all or any of the permanent works which would otherwise fall to be executed in connection therewith should be executed for the time being.

(2) In any case to which this subsection applies, the Board may serve on any person to whom, by virtue of any of the foregoing provisions of this Act, they have an obligation in respect of the damage to which the damage notice in question relates notice in writing to the effect that, except for emergency works and except for such other works, if any, as may be specified in the notice, the Board will neither execute any works while the notice remains in force nor make any payment in respect of works executed while the notice remains in force; and, except in such circumstances as may be prescribed, the obligations of the Board to that person by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Act shall be subject to the terms of that notice:

Provided that it shall be the duty of the Board to revoke any notice given by them under this subsection as soon as works in connection with the property in addition to emergency works and those works, if any, specified in the notice can reasonably be executed, and any person aggrieved by a failure of the Board to specify any works in or to revoke such a notice may apply to the county court or, where the property is situated in Scotland, to the sheriff, and the court or, as the case may be, the sheriff may, if it appears in all the circumstances to be reasonable so to do, order that the notice shall be deemed to specify such additional works as may be specified in the order or, as the case may be, shall cease to have effect, and that order shall come into force when the period for an appeal therefrom expires or, if such an appeal is made, on the date when that appeal is dismissed or abandoned.

(3) Where in the case of any property a damage notice has been served on the Board and before remedial works or any works undertaken in pursuance of an election under paragraph (6) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act have been completed or the aggregate of any sums expended in executing any works undertaken as aforesaid has reached the aggregate amount referred to in that paragraph, and without the Board having given notice under subsection (2) of the last foregoing section that they elect to make a payment under subsection (4) of section one of this Act, further subsidence damage occurs to that property, the damage referred to in the damage notice and that further damage shall be treated as one, and accordingly—

(a) references in this Act to the time immediately before or immediately after the occurrence of the damage

960

Powers of Board with respect to preventive works.

Ch. 59 Coal-Mining ( )5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

shall be construed as references to the time immediately before the occurrence of the damage referred to in the damage notice or immediately after the occurrence of the further damage, as the case may be;

(6) any notice under the said subsection (2) served before the occurrence of the further damage shall cease to have effect, the foregoing provisions of this Act shall apply as if that notice had not been given, and the reference to remedial works in the proviso to the said subsection (3) shall not include any remedial works begun before the occurrence of the further damage; and

(c) a fresh damage notice shall only be required if, before the occurrence of the further damage, notice had been served under the said subsection (2) of an election under the said subsection (3):

Provided that the Board shall be under the like liability, if any, with respect to the cost of any works executed before the occurrence of the further damage as if that further damage had not occurred.

4.—(1) Where it appears to the Board that subsidence damage is likely to occur to any building or structure or to any such works as are mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection

(1) of section one of this Act, being a building, structure or works for the time being in existence, and that the execution of certain works (in this section referred to as "preventive works ") on that property, or on that property and some other property which would benefit from those preventive works, would prevent the occurrence or reduce the extent of such damage, they may—

(a) with the consent of all persons who are owners of any

property on which the preventive works would fall to be executed or who would be liable to make good in whole or in part subsidence damage to any of that property, execute the preventive works; or

(b) upon undertaking to pay any cost reasonably incurred

in the execution of the preventive works, require their execution by the owner of the property on which they would fall to be executed or any other person who would be liable as aforesaid in respect thereof.

(2) If in the case of any property any person unreasonably withholds his consent to the execution of preventive works thereon by the Board under this section or unreasonably fails to comply with any requirement to execute such works made by the Board under this section, and subsidence damage subsequently occurs to the property, then—

(a) if the damage could have been prevented by the execution of the preventive works, the Board shall not be

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

961

required to execute any works or make any payment under subsections (2) to (5) of section one of this Act in respect of that damage;

(b) if the extent of the damage could have been reduced

by the execution of the preventive works, the Board shall not be liable under the said subsections (2) to

(5) to execute, or make any payment in respect of the execution of, any works which would not have been required if the preventive works had been executed;

(c) if the property is a dwelling-house, the person aforesaid

shall not be entitled to serve a notice in respect thereof under paragraph 4 of the First Schedule to this Act nor to receive any relief under that Schedule:

Provided that—

(i) where different consents are required in respect of dif-

ferent parts of any property, those different parts shall be treated as different properties for the purposes of this subsection;

(ii) paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection shall not apply

in the case of a failure to comply with a requirement under this section if the failure is the result of an express refusal to comply or permit compliance by one or more, but not both or all, of two or more persons whose compliance or permission is necessary;

(iii) the withholding by any person of consent to the execution of preventive works on any property by the Board shall not be deemed to be unreasonable in a case which, if those works were remedial works consequent upon subsidence damage to that property, would fall within paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act.

(3) Where in the case of any property the consent of two or more persons is required for the execution of preventive works by the Board under this section and such consent has been withheld by one or more, but not both or all, of those persons, then, if it appears to a county court or, where the property is situated in Scotland, to the sheriff, on an application made by any of those persons or by the Board, that any of those consents has been withheld unreasonably, the court or the sheriff may order that this section shall have effect as if that consent had been given.

5.—(1) Subject to the two next following subsections, the Special Board shall, in any area in England and Wales outside the Provisions Doncaster Drainage Area within the meaning of the Doncaster Area Drainage Act, 1929, from time to time carry out such, if affecting*^ any, measures (in this section referred to as " remedial land drainage, measures ") for remedying, mitigating or preventing any

2 H

962

Ch. 59

Coal-Mining (Subsidence) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act; 1957

deterioration in any land drainage system by reason of subsidence damage which has occurred or appears likely to occur, being a drainage system maintainable by a drainage authority, as may be agreed between the Board and the appropriate drainage authority, or, in default of such agreement, as may be determined in the manner provided by regulations under subsection (5) of this section, to be in all the circumstances reasonably required and not unjustifiable on economic grounds, and any such remedial measures shall be carried out in accordance with such arrangements as to the timing thereof as may be agreed or determined as aforesaid.

(2) Without prejudice to the next following subsection, the Board may elect, in respect of all or any of the remedial measures aforesaid, not to carry out those measures themselves but—

(a) to make to the appropriate drainage authority a pay-

ment equal to the cost reasonably incurred by that authority in carrying out those measures; or

(b) if that authority propose to merge the carrying out

of those measures with the execution of other works, to make to the authority payments equal to any sums from time to time shown to have been expended by the authority in carrying out the merged operations up to such aggregate amount as may be agreed or determined as aforesaid to be reasonable in all the circumstances having regard to the expenditure which would have been incurred respectively by the Board or by the authority in carrying out the remedial measures;

and the Board, in a case where the remedial measures fall to be carried out in connection with property comprised in a main river for the purposes of Part II of the Land Drainage Act, 1930, shall make the appropriate election under this subsection and in any other case shall not unreasonably refuse any request to make the appropriate election under this subsection received from the appropriate drainage authority:

Provided that the Board shall not be deemed to act unreasonably in refusing any such request received after the Board have begun to carry out the remedial measures.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the two last foregoing subsections, in any case where it is agreed or determined as aforesaid to be appropriate, the liability of the Board for the cost of any recurring remedial measures may be discharged by a lump sum payment agreed or determined as aforesaid to represent the capital amount of that cost. 4

(4) Subsection (2) of section three of this Act shall apply in any case where a damage notice has been served on the Board

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

in respect of any property and the Board are of opinion with respect to all or any of the permanent works which would otherwise fall to be executed in connection with the property that the necessity for, or the nature or manner of execution of, those works is likely to be so affected by operations under this section or under Part II of the Doncaster Area Drainage Act, 1929, as to make it unreasonable that those works should be executed for the time being.

(5) Regulations made by the Minister and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, acting jointly—

(a) shall make provision with respect to the procedure to be followed by the Board and by the appropriate drainage authority in giving effect to the provisions of this section and for the determination of questions arising under this section between the Board and the appropriate drainage authority; and

(b) may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions as the Ministers aforesaid may consider expedient.

(6) The Board shall, for the purpose of carrying out any remedial measures under this section, have the like powers of surveying and entering on any land and of doing anything thereon as are conferred on the appropriate drainage authority by the enactments relating to land drainage:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to any land occupied by or on behalf of the Crown.

(7) In this section, the expression " the appropriate drainage authority " means, in a case where the remedial measures would fall to be carried out either in connection with a main river for the purposes of Part II of the Land Drainage Act, 1930, or outside any internal drainage district as defined by that Act, the river board, or in apy other case the internal drainage board as defined as aforesaid, in whose area the remedial works would fall to be carried out.

6.—(1) A person entitled to serve a damage notice in respect of subsidence damage to any property shall not be entitled to proceed at the same time in respect of the same damage to that property with both—

(a) a claim against the Board by virtue of subsections (2)

to (5) of section one of this Act; and

(b) a claim against the Board or a licensee of the Board for damages or compensation under a liability arising apart from this Act,

but subject to the next following subsection may elect which of those claims he will proceed with for the time being.

2 H 2

Avoidance of double

remedies..

964

Ch. 59

Powers of Board to recover expenditure in certain cases.

Coal-Mining (Subsidence) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

(2) Where any person proceeds with a claim such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or, as the case may be, paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection, then unless—

(a) it is determined, whether by agreement or otherwise,

that he is entitled to none of the relief claimed; or

(b) the claim is withdrawn before it is determined,

he shall not be entitled to proceed thereafter with a claim such as is mentioned in the other of the said paragraphs of that subsection.

(3) Regulations for the purposes of subsection (1) of section two of this Act shall secure that where any person proceeds with a claim such as is mentioned in paragraph ( of subsection (1) of this section and that claim was made before the expiration of the time otherwise prescribed for the service of a damage notice in respect of the same damage, the time within which a damage notice must be served by that person in respect of that damage shall not commence to run until that claim is either determined * or withdrawn before determination.

(4) In the case of any local authority or statutory undertakers, the provisions of this Act and of any other enactment making provision with respect to rights and liabilities between the Board and the authority or undertakers in respect of the working of minerals under or adjacent to, or the leaving of minerals unworked for the support of, any property shall have effect subject to the terms of any agreement with respect to such rights and liabilities entered into between the Board and the authority or undertakers and for the time being subsisting:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to an agreement made in connection with a disposition of an interest in land or to such an agreement as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of the next following section made solely with respect to payments relieving the Board of liability for damage.

7.—(1) Where the Board incur expenditure under section one or section twelve of this Act as a result of subsidence damage caused in connection with the working and getting of coal or of coal and other minerals in accordance with the terms of a licence granted by the Board to some other person, the Board shall be entitled to recover that expenditure as a civil debt from that other person.

(2) Subject to subsection (4) of this section, where the Board incur expenditure under subsections (2) to (5) of section one of this Act in respect of subsidence damage to any property and—

(a) the Board have made payments in respect of the working of coal or of coal and other minerals under an agreement made before the passing of this Act whereby, but for the provisions of this Act, the Board would

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

965

by reason of those payments have been relieved of liability for that subsidence damage; and

(b) the recipient of any of those payments was on the tenth day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven, or has at any time thereafter before the occurrence of the subsidence damage become, the owner of that property or liable to make good in whole or in part such damage to that property, the Board shall be entitled, so far as may be necessary to recoup that expenditure, to exercise either or both of the rights specified in the next following subsection; and where the person to whom the Board have made any payment under the agreement has paid over the whole or part of that payment to any other person by virtue of that other person’s being entitled to the beneficial interest therein, any reference in this or the next following subsection to the recipient of payments under the agreement shall be construed in relation to that payment or that part thereof as including a reference to that other person.

(3) The rights referred to in the last foregoing subsection are—

(a) to recover as a civil debt from any person who has

received any payments made by the Board under the agreement in question in respect of the property in question an amount not exceeding the aggregate of those payments less—

(i) any sums shown by that person to have been expended by him while he was entitled to those payments for the purposes of making good in whole or in part other damage to that property of a kind for which the Board are relieved of liability by the agreement; and

(ii) any amount by which it is shown by that person that the aggregate of any other sums expended by him for the purposes aforesaid since the making of the agreement exceeds the aggregate of any other payments received by him under the agreement in respect of that property; and

(iii) any amounts shown by that person to have been borne by him by way of tax which he would not have borne but for periodical payments made by the Board under the agreement;

(b) to retain for their own use any further payments falling

to be made under the agreement in question in respect of the property in question, unless the person otherwise entitled to those payments shows that the aggregate of the sums expended by him for the purposes aforesaid since the making of the agreement exceeds the aggregate of any payments under the agreement in respect of that property received by him.

966 Ch. 59 Coal-Mining (Subsidence) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1957

(4) So much, if any, of any payment under an agreement such as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section as may fairly be regarded as paid otherwise than in satisfaction of any liability of the Board for damage shall be disregarded for the purposes of the two last foregoing subsections; and where the Board are entitled to exercise the right specified in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection against two or more persons by virtue of payments in respect of different periods, they shall not exercise that right against any of those persons until they have exhausted it so far as it is exercisable against any other of those persons by virtue of payments in respect of a more recent period.

(5) Where under subsection (1) of this section the Board have recovered any expenditure incurred by them under section one of this Act from a licensee of the Board, then, so far as that expenditure was incurred under subsections (2) to (5) of the said section one, the three last foregoing subsections shall have effect as if that expenditure had been incurred by the licensee and as if for any reference in those three subsections to the Board there were substituted a reference to the licensee:

Provided that the licensee shall not be entitled to recover the amount of any payment made by him before he became a licensee of the Board.

(6) In determining in any case to which subsection (1) or (2) of this section applies the expenditure incurred by the Board under section one of this Act or, as the case may be, subsections (2) to (5) thereof, any amount by which that expenditure exceeds what was necessary or reasonable for the discharge by the Board of their obligations under the said section one or, as the case may be, subsections (2) to (5) thereof shall be left out of account.

Liability of Board for certain damage occurring before passing of Act.

8.—(1) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, this Act shall apply in relation to subsidence damage occurring before the passing of this Act but after the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, to property within the curtilage of a dwelling-house which at the time of the occurrence of the damage was not a dwelling-house to which the Coal-Mining (Subsidence) Act, 1950, applied, being—

(a) in the case of damage to a building or structure, damage

to the dwelling-house or to a building or structure appurtenant thereto;

(b) in the case of damage to works such as are mentioned

in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act, damage to such works installed for the purposes of the dwelling-house or of a building or structure appurtenant thereto.

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

967

(2) In the case of any property damaged by subsidence damage in relation to which this Act applies by virtue of this section, t be other provisions of this Act shall have effect subject to the three next following subsections.

(3) Without prejudice to subsection (3) of section three of this Act, all subsidence damage in relation to which this Act applies by virtue of this section shall be treated as one, and accordingly references in this Act to the time immediately before or immediately after the occurrence of the damage shall be construed as references to the time immediately before the first occurrence of any such damage or immediately after the last occurrence of any such damage, as the case may be:

Provided that the Board shall be under the like liability, if any, with respect to the cost of any works executed after the occurrence of any such damage as if no further such damage had occurred.

(4) If remedial works or such merged works or re-development works as are mentioned in subsection (3) of section one of this Act were begun in connection with the damaged property before the passing of this Act—

(a) the persons entitled to serve a damage notice in respect

of the damage shall include any person by whom the whole or any part of the cost of carrying out the works in question was incurred and who at the time of incurring that cost was the owner of the damaged property or liable to make good the damage in whole or in part;

(b) the Board shall make the appropriate election under

subsection (3) or subsection (4) of the said section one;

(c) any payment under the said subsection (4) shall be

made in accordance with paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule to this Act. 5 6

(5) Subsection (1) of section seven of this Act shall not apply, and in paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of that section for the reference to the tenth day of January there shall be substituted a reference to the twenty-fifth day of June.

(6) This Act shall not apply in relation to any subsidence damage by virtue of this section—

(a) if before the passing of this Act the Board made a

payment or executed works in full satisfaction of an obligation apart from this Act to make a payment by way of damages or compensation in respect of that damage or to make the damage good;

(b) in a case where before the passing of this Act the Board

made, otherwise than in full satisfaction of such an obligation as aforesaid, any payment in respect of that

968 Ch. 59 Coal-Mining ( )5 & 6 Eliz. 2

, 1957

damage to a person who, or whose successor in tide, would but for this subsection be entitled to serve a damage notice in respect of the damage, unless the amount of that payment is refunded to the Board or brought into account either by that person or by his successor in title:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to such a payment made under such an agreement as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section seven of this Act, being an agreement made before the occurrence of the damage.

Special provisions as to ancient monuments, etc.

9.—(1) This section shall apply in relation to any subsidence damage where the damaged property is—

(a) specified in the Schedule to the Ancient Monuments

Protection Act, 1882, or for the time being specified in a list published under section twelve of the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913; or

(b) notified to the Board by the Minister of Works as an ancient monument within the meaning of the Ancient Monuments Acts, 1913 to 1953, for the time being under the care of that Minister; or

(c) a building notified to the Board by the Minister of Works

as being in that Minister’s opinion of outstanding historic or architectural interest.

(2) If and so far as, having regard to the nature and extent of the subsidence damage, it is practicable and in the public interest so to restore the damaged property to a condition comparable to its condition at the date immediately before the subsidence damage occurred as to maintain the historic, architectural, archaeological or other special interest attaching thereto at that date, then, for the purposes of remedial works in connection with that property, that property shall not be deemed to be reasonably fit for the purposes mentioned in subsection (2) of section one of this Act unless it has been so restored.

(3) Any dispute arising under the last foregoing subsection as to whether or how far it is practicable or in the public interest to restore any property as mentioned in that subsection shall be determined by the Minister of Works.

Special 10.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect in any

provisions case where property is affected by subsidence damage and—

tenants. («) a person who is a tenant for the purposes of Part I of

the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948, or the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1949, a landholder for the purposes of the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1931,

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

or a crofter for the purposes of the Crofters (Scotland) Act, 1955, would have been entitled under any enactment contained in those Acts to remove that property or to be paid compensation in respect thereof by his landlord if his tenancy had terminated immediately before the damage occurred; and (b) apart from the provisions of this section, neither the person aforesaid nor any other person would be liable to make good the damage in whole or in part;

and in the following provisions of this section the expression " protected tenant " in relation to any property means the person who would have been entitled as aforesaid in respect of that property.

(2) Where the damaged property is property in respect of which the protected tenant would have been entitled to compensation as aforesaid, the protected tenant shall, subject to subsection (5) of this section, be treated for the purposes of this Act either—

(a) as a person liable to make good the whole of the damage

to the property; or

(b) if by reason of any other enactment contained in the

Acts aforesaid compensation in respect of the property would have been payable to him as aforesaid of less than the amount otherwise provided for by subsection (1) of section one of the said Act of 1927, section thirty-seven or section forty-eight of the said Act of 1948, section thirty-eight or subsection (1) of section forty-nine of the said Act of 1949, so much of section ten of the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886, as precedes the proviso thereto, or subsection (4) of section fourteen of the said Act of 1955, as the case may be, as a person liable to meet such part of the cost of making good the whole of the damage to the property as bears to the whole of that cost the same proportion that the compensation which would have been payable bears to the amount otherwise provided for as aforesaid:

Provided that, for the purposes of this section, there shall be deemed to be omitted from the said section ten the words from " and the value " onwards. 3

(3) Where any of the property consists of a building or structure which the protected tenant would have been entitled to remove as aforesaid, then, without prejudice to any liability of the Board in respect of damage to that building or structure, paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act shall have effect in relation to the site thereof as if that building or structure had not been erected.

2 H*

Ch. 59 Coed-Mining (Subsidence) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

(4) Any question arising under this section in relation to any property as to whether or not any person is a protected tenant or as to the amount of any compensation which would have been payable to him as aforesaid under any of the Acts aforesaid shall be determined in like manner as if it had arisen under the Act in question.

(5) Where in the case of any damaged property it is claimed that a person who, apart from the provisions of this section, is neither the owner of, nor liable to make good in whole or in part the damage to, the property falls to be treated as so liable by virtue of this section, and a damage notice is served in respect of the property, whether by that or any other person, that person shall not be treated as liable as aforesaid unless—

(a) either it is agreed between that person and his landlord

before the expiration of the period of one month from the first service of a damage notice in respect of the property, or it is determined in proceedings by virtue of the last foregoing subsection begun before the expiration of that period, that that person is a protected tenant in relation to that property; and

(b) notice in writing of that agreement or of the beginning

of those proceedings has been given to the Board before the expiration of the said period; and where the liability of the Board to comply with any requirement of this Act in consequence of the service of the damage notice depends on the determination of the question whether or not that person falls to be treated as liable as aforesaid, the Board shall not be required to comply with that requirement until it is established in accordance with the provisions of this subsection whether or not that person falls to be so treated.

(6) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection, proceedings to determine by arbitration whether or not a person is a protected tenant by virtue of the said Act of 1948 or the said Act of 1949 shall be deemed to be begun when either an arbitrator or, as the case may be, an arbiter has been appointed by agreement between that person and his landlord or an application for the appointment of an arbitrator or, as the case may be, an arbiter has been made to the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food or, as the case may be, to the Secretary of State by either that person or his landlord.

(7) Subsection (1) of section eight of the Small Landholders (Scotland) Act, 1911, other than the provisos thereto, and subsection (3) of section twenty-three of the said Act of 1955 (which provide that the agreement for a loan by the Secretary of State to a landholder or, as the case may be, crofter shall effect a transfer to the Secretary of State of all rights of the landholder or crofter to compensation for permanent improvements) shall

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

971

have effect as if the references therein to such compensation included references to any amount payable to the landholder or crofter by virtue of this section.

11.—(1) Any payment under subsection (4) of section one of Special this Act in respect of ecclesiastical property which would, apart provisions from die provisions of this subsection, fall to be made to the owner thereof shall be made to the Church Commissioners to property, be applied for the purposes for which the proceeds of a sale settlements, of the property by agreement would be applicable under any etc. enactment or Measure authorising, or disposing of the proceeds of, such a sale.

(2) In the case of subsidence damage to any ecclesiastical property—

(a) in addition to any other person entitled to serve a

damage notice in respect thereof, the Church Commissioners shall be so entided;

(b) in addition to any other person upon whom the Board

serve a notice in respect of that damage under subsection (2) of section two or subsection (2) of section three of this Act, the Board shall serve any such notice upon the Church Commissioners.

(3) Where any property such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section four of this Act is ecclesiastical property, the Church Commissioners shall be included among the persons whose consent is required under that paragraph. 4 5

(4) Where a damage notice is served in respect of ecclesiastical property in respect of which the Church Commissioners, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or Queen Anne’s Bounty have received payments under such an agreement as is mentioned in subsection (2) of section seven of this Act, the Church Commissioners shall be under the like liability, if any, by virtue of that subsection as if they had been the owner of the property at any time while it was ecclesiastical property and as if any of the payments aforesaid received by any of the authorities aforesaid had been received by them; and the Church Commissioners may apply any money or securities held by them in the payment of any sum recoverable from them under the said section seven by virtue of this subsection.

(5) The four foregoing subsections shall not extend to Scotland, Wales or Monmouthshire, and in those subsections the expression " ecclesiastical property " means property belonging to any ecclesiastical benefice, or being or forming part of a church subject to the jurisdiction of a bishop of any diocese or the site of such a church, or being or forming part of a burial ground subject to such jurisdiction.

2 H* 2

972 Ch. 59 Coal-Mining (Subsidence) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

, 1957

(6) Where, in the case of any property to which subsection (1) of this section does not apply, the interest therein of the person to whom the whole or part of a payment under subsection (4) of section one of this Act would, apart from this subsection, fall to be paid is held by that person for religious purposes, then, if so requested by or on behalf of a body of persons notified to the Board by the Minister, after consultation with such persons and organisations as he may think appropriate, as the appropriate representative body, that payment or that part thereof shall be paid to that representative body.

(7) The purposes authorised for the application of capital moneys—

(a) by section seventy-three of the Settled Land Act, 1925,

and by that section as applied by section twenty-eight of the Law of Property Act, 1925, in relation to trusts for sale; and

(b) by section twenty-six of the Universities and College Estates Act, 1925,

and the purposes authorised by section seventy-one of the Settled Land Act, 1925, by that section as applied as aforesaid, and by section thirty-one of the Universities and College Estates Act. 1925, as purposes for which moneys may be raised by mortgage, shall include the payment of any sum recoverable under section seven of this Act.

Payments in 12.—(1) If as the result of an injury caused after the passing of

respect of this Act by the happening of subsidence damage any person dies

disablement or sei*iously and permanently disabled, and apart from this

in certain section no action to recover damages is maintainable in respect

cases. of the death or disablement, then, subject to the next following

subsection, the Board shall be liable—

(a) in the case of a death, to pay the like damages, recoverable in the like manner and within the like time, as would have been payable if—

(i) the death had been attributable to the negligence of the Board; and

(ii) the persons by or on behalf of whom an action could have been brought against the Board for damages in respect of the death if it had been so attributable included any person who at the time of the death was, or but for the injury would have been, wholly or partly maintained by the deceased; and

(iii) where the death resulted from an injury caused in England or Wales, the damages were claimed under the Fatal Accidents Acts, 1846 to 1908;

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

973

(b) in a case of disablement, to pay the like damages, recoverable in the like manner and within the like time, as if the disablement had been attributable to the negligence of the Board.

(2) No liability shall attach to the Board under the foregoing subsection in respect of the death or disablement of any person as a result of an injury if—

(a) at the time when that person incurred the injury he was a trespasser; or

(b) the injury was incurred underground in a mine of coal within the meaning of the Mines and Quarries Act,

1954; or

(c) the injury was wholly attributable to the negligence of that person;

and if the injury was partly attributable to the negligence of that person the liability of the Board under the foregoing subsection shall be reduced proportionately.

(3) For the purposes of this section a person shall be treated as seriously and permanently disabled if, and only if, he is suffering from loss of physical or mental faculty which is likely to be permanent and is such that the resulting disablement assessed, by reference to the disabilities incurred by that person as a result of that loss of faculty, in such manner as may be prescribed is not less than twenty per cent.; and any question arising under this section in any particular case shall be determined by a court having jurisdiction to hear and determine proceedings for the recovery of damages in that case.

13.—(1) Save as otherwise provided by or under this Act, any Determination question arising under this Act shall, in default of agreement, be of disputes, referred—

(a) in England and Wales, in a case where the damaged

property in relation to which the question arises constitutes or is comprised in a hereditament for rating purposes of a net annual value not exceeding one hundred pounds, or in any other case where all the parties so agree, to the county court;

(b) in any other case in England and Wales, to the Lands Tribunal:

(c) in Scotland, to the sheriff.

(2) Where in any proceedings under this Act the question arises whether any damage to property is subsidence damage, and it is shown that the nature of the damage and the circumstances are such as to indicate that the damage may be subsidence damage, the onus shall be on the Board to show that the damage is not subsidence damage.

974

Ch. 59

Coal-Mining (Subsidence) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

(3) The tribunal, court or sheriff by whom any question is heard and determined under this Act may make such orders as may be necessary to give effect to its or his determinations and in particular may by order—

(a) require the Board to carry out any obligations imposed

upon them by this Act within such period as the tribunal, court or sheriff may direct;

(b) award damages in respect of any failure of the Board

to carry out any such obligations within a reasonable time.

(4) If proceedings are brought under this Act before a county court, the judge of the court may, if he thinks fit, summon an assessor or assessors under subsection (1) of section eighty-eight of the County Courts Act, 1934, notwithstanding that no application is made in that behalf by any party to the proceedings.

(5) In proceedings brought under this Act in Scotland, the court may, if it thinks fit, summon to its assistance at the proof or at any subsequent hearing, whether on appeal or otherwise,

a specially qualified assessor or assessors.

(6) Where the court summons an assessor or assessors in any proceedings by virtue erf either of the two last foregoing subsections—

(a) the assessor or assessors may, if so directed by the

court, inspect the property to which the proceedings relate on behalf of the court and report to the court in writing thereon; and

(b) the court may, on consideration of the report and any

observations of the parties thereon, give such judgment or make such order in the proceedings as may be just

(7) The remuneration of an assessor summoned as aforesaid shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(8) Where in proceedings under this Act in Scotland the sheriff makes a remit by virtue of rule 60 in the First Schedule to the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907, the expense attending the execution of that remit shall, notwithstanding anything contained in that rule, be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament. 9 * * * * * *

(9) If the occupier of any premises refuses to afford the

Board such facilities as they may require for the purposes of

any provision of this Act (other than section five thereof) to

enter upon, inspect and execute works on those premises, a

magistrates’ court, on a complaint made by the Board, or, where

the premises are situated in Scotland, the sheriff on an application

so made, may confer such powers to enter, inspect and execute

1957

Coal-Mining ( )

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

975

works on the premises as may appear to the court or the sheriff to be necessary and order the occupier to permit the exercise of those powers:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any premises occupied by or on behalf of the Crown.

14. If any person, for the purpose of obtaining for himself False

or any other person any benefit under this Act— information.

(a) furnishes any information which he knows to be false in a material particular, or recklessly furnishes any information which is false in a material particular; or (b)with intent to deceive withholds any material information,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

15. Without prejudice to any powers of the Board apart Reimburse-from this section, the Board may make such payments as may be ment of prescribed by way of reimbursement of the expenses incurred expenses, by any person for the purpose of securing the carrying out by

the Board of their obligations under this Act.

16. —(1) Any power to make regulations conferred by any Regulations, provision of this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument,

and any such instrument shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(2) Regulations prescribing anything required or authorised by this Act to be prescribed may make different provision for different circumstances. 17

17. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires. Interpretation the following expressions have the following meanings respec- etc. tively, that is to say—

" agricultural land " means land used for agriculture within the meaning of the Agriculture Act, 1947, or, in the case of land in Scotland, the Agriculture (Scotland)

Act, 1948, which is so used for the purpose of a trade or business;

" the Board " means the National Coal Board;

" damage notice " has the meaning assigned by subsection

(1) of section two of this Act;

" dwelling-house " means—

(a) a rating unit used wholly or mainly for the purposes of a private dwelling; or

(b) any such separately occupied part of a rating unit as is used wholly or mainly for the purposes of a private dwelling; or

976

Ch. 59 Coal-Mining (,) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

(c) such part of a rating unit which is used partly, but not wholly or mainly, for the purposes of a private dwelling as is used for those purposes; or

() any such part (whether separately occupied or not) of a rating unit in Scotland entered in the valuation roll as agricultural lands and heritages within the meaning of the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, as is occupied wholly or mainly as a private dwelling;

" emergency works" has the meaning assigned by subsection

(5) of section one of this Act;

" ground lease " means a lease for building purposes at a rent (or, where the rent varies, at a maximum rent) which does not substantially exceed the rent which a tenant might reasonably have been expected, at the date when the lease was granted, to pay for the land comprised in the lease, excluding any buildings, for a term equal to the term created by the lease;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Power;

" owner " in relation to any property—

(a) if the property is held on a ground lease, means the lessee under that lease;

(b) in the case of any other real property in England and Wales, means the owner of the fee simple;

(c) in the case of any other heritable property in Scotland, means, if the property is feudal property, the proprietor of the dominium utile, or, if the property is not feudal property, the owner of the property;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister under tins Act;

"rating unit" means—

(a) in England and Wales, a hereditament which is separately valued for rating purposes,

(b) in Scotland, lands and heritages within the meaning of the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, which are separately valued for rating purposes;

" remedial works " has the meaning assigned by subsection

(2) of section one of this Act;

" structure " includes any works providing passage or hard standing for persons, animals, or vehicles, including railway or tramway vehicles and aircraft;

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

"subsidence damage" has the meaning assigned by subsection (1) of section one of this Act

(2) For the purposes of this Act subsidence damage shall be deemed to occur—

(a) in the case of damage such as is specified in para-

graph (c) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act or damage consisting in an alteration of the level or gradient of property not otherwise damaged, at the time when the damage first affected the fitness of the damaged property for use for the purposes mentioned in subsection (2) of that section;

(b) in any other case, at the time when evidence of the damage first appears.

(3) Save where the context otherwise requires, references in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including any enactment contained in this Act.

(4) Any notice required by this Act to be given to any person by the Board may be served by post in a registered letter addressed to that person at his usual or last known place of abode or, if that person is a body corporate, at the registered or principal office of the body corporate.

18.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Coal-Mining (Sub- Short title, sidence) Act, 1957. repeals and

extent

(2) The provisions of this Act shall have effect notwithstanding anything in section fifty-nine of the Tramways Act,

1870; and the Coal-Mining (Subsidence) Act, 1950, shall not apply to any subsidence damage occurring after the date of the passing of this Act; and no payment shall be made by the Minister to the Board under section eleven of the said Act of 1950 in respect of any expenditure incurred on or after that date.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

978

Ch. 59

Coal-Mining (Subsidence) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

Sections 1, 4.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Provisions as to dwelling-houses rendered uninhabitable

1. Where a dwelling-house is affected by suibsidenoe damage occurring after the passing of this Act, the provisions of this Schedule shall have effect as respects any period (in this Schedule referred to as " the period of dispossession ") during which both the following conditions are satisfied, that is to say—

(a) that by reason of deterioration due to the subsidence damage

in the condition of the dwelling-house, and having regard to the time which will be required to remedy that deterioration, the dwelling-house is not in a reasonably fit state for it to be used as such; and

(b) that the dwelling-house is not used as such by or with the authority of the person who immediately before the occurrence of the subsidence damage was entitled to possession thereof (hereinafter in this Schedule referred to as "the occupier ").

2. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, in the case of any person ordinarily resident in the dwelling-house during the period immediately preceding the occurrence of the subsidence damage (hereinafter in this Schedule referred to as a " resident ") the Board shall so long as the period of dispossession lasts be under an obligation at all times—

(a) to make available alternative living accommodation which—

(i) is of a standard comparable to the general standard of the housing accommodation under the management of the local authority for the purposes of Part V of the Housing Act, 1936, or, as the case may be, for the purposes of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, for the area in which the dwelling-house is situated; and

(ii) is otherwise reasonable having regard to aU the circumstances, including the probable duration of the period of dispossession; or

(h) as respects any of the first thirty days of the period of dispossession during which such alternative living accommodation as aforesaid is not made available, to pay to the resident in question the amount, if any, by which the aggregate expenditure reasonably incurred by him by way of rent, rates, food, living accommodation, heating, light and other household expenses exceeds what it would have been if the subsidence damage had not occurred and he had continued to reside in the dwelling-house; or

(c) as respects any other part of the period of dispossession

during which such alternative living accommodation as aforesaid is not made available, to pay to the resident in question the amount aforesaid or the amount which would be payable by way of rent for accommodation equivalent to such alternative living accommodation as aforesaid whichever amount is the less:

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

979

Provided that the Board shall not be under any obligation under this sub-paragraph in respect of any part of the period of dispossession during which, irrespective of the subsidence damage, the resident in question would not have been residing at the dwelling-house.

(2) Where the Board are under an obligation towards a resident by virtue of the foregoing sub-paragraph, the Board shall also be under an obligation with respect to the contents of the dwelling-house to provide, or to pay to that resident any expenditure reasonably incurred .by him in providing, for any removal or storage thereof reasonably required during the period of dispossession as a result of the subsidence damage and any removal thereof reasonably required as a result of the termination of the Board’s obligations towards that resident under the foregoing sub-paragraph:

Provided that the Board shall not be under any obligation under this sub-paragraph in respect of the contents of any part of the dwelling-house which, immediately before the occurrence of the subsidence damage, was not used for the purposes of a private dwelling and the said obligations shall not extend to storage in or removal to any place outside Great Britain.

(3) Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 4 of this Schedule, and without prejudice to their liability under the two foregoing sub-paragraphs in respect of any part of the period of dispossession falling before the making of their election, the Board may elect which of the courses open to them under the two foregoing sub-paragraphs they will for the time being adopt in any particular case.

3.—(1) Subject to the two following sub-paragraphs, the obligations of the Board towards any resident under sub-paragraph (1) of the last foregoing paragraph shall cease, notwithstanding that the period of dispossession has not expired—

(a) if .the occupier has ceased (otherwise than by reason of his death) to be entitled to possession of, or, as the case may be, of the site of, the dwelling-house; or (b) on the expiration of a period of six months from the service by the Board on the resident in question of notice in writing of the opinion of the Board that the period of dispossession watl continue indefinitely or that the said period will be unreasonably long or that the resident in question will not resume residence at or on the site of the dwelling-house at the expiration of that period.

(2) Where a damage notice has been served in respect of the dwelling-house, the Board shall not be entitled to serve a notice under sub-paragraph (b) of the foregoing subparagraph on the grounds that the period of dispossession will continue indefinitely or will be unreasonably long—

(< a) unless the Board have elected to make a payment in respect of the dwelling-house under subsection (3) or subsection (4) of section one of this Act; or

(b) while a notice under subsection (2) of section three of this Act is in force with respect to the dwelling-house.

(3) Any person upon whom a notice under the said paragraph (b) is served may apply to the county court or, where the dwelling-house

1st See. —cont.

980

Ch. 59

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

1st See. is situated in Scotland, to the sheriff, and the court or sheriff, X —cont. satisfied that there are not reasonable grounds for the opinion of the Board, may declare the notice to be of no effect.

4. —(1) The Board shall not be under any obligation by virtue of paragraph 2 of this Schedule unless either the owner or the occupier of the dwelling-house is a resident and has given to the Board notice in writing, in such a manner, within such time and containing such particulars as may be prescribed, that in his opinion die condition specified in sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule is satisfied, and has afforded the Board reasonable facilities to inspect the dwelling-house so far as he was in a position to afford such facilities.

(2) As soon as reasonably practicable after receiving from any person a notice under the foregoing sub-paragraph, the Board shall give to that person notice in writing as to whether or not they agree with that person’s opinion and, if they so agree, as to the manner in which they propose to discharge their obligations under paragraph 2 of this Schedule, and where in the circumstances of any particular case it appears to the Board appropriate so to do they may serve a separate notice such as aforesaid on any other resident; and where they have so given notice to any resident of an intention to adopt in his case the alternative set out in paragraph (a) or paragraph (c) of sub-paragraph (1) of the said paragraph 2, they shall not adopt in his case the other of those alternatives without his consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

5. —(1) Where, in pursuance of paragraph (a) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule, the Board have made alternative 'living accommodation available to a resident, the following provisions of this paragraph shall apply.

(2) The Board shall be entitled to possession of the accommodation so made available—

(a) in a case failing within paragraph (b) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 3 of this Schedule, at the expiration of the period of six months mentioned in the said paragraph (b);

(b) without prejudice to any obligations of the Board under the said paragraph 2 or to the provisions of sub-paragraph (2) of the last foregoing paragraph, at any time not less than one week after the Board have served notice k writing on the resident in question of their intention to take possession;

and where notice is given under paragraph (b) of this sub-paragraph, the said obligations shall continue until the expiration of the said week or such longer period as may be specified in the notice notwithstanding that the period of dispossession may have expired.

(3) The Board shall be entitled to recover as a civil debt from the resident in question any amount by which the aggregate expenditure incurred by him by way of rent and rates is less than it would have been if the subsidence damage had not occurred and he had continued to reside in the dwelling-house, reduced by any amount by which that resident shows that the aggregate expenditure reasonably incurred by him by way of food, living accommodation (other than

1957

Coal-Mining ( )

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

981

rent or rates), heating, light and other household expenses is greater 1st Sch than it would have been in the circumstances aforesaid: —eon/.

Provided that the Board shall not be entitled to recover any amount under this sutnparagraph in excess of the amount which would have been payable by way of rent for the alternative living accommodation if it had been provided by the local authority for the purposes of Pant V of the Housing Act, 1936, or for the purposes of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, for the area in which the dwelling-house is situated.

6. Where no damage notice has been served in respect of the dwelling-house or where the Board have elected to make a payment under subsection (3) or subsection (4) of section one of this Act, then, during any period while the Board are under an obligation by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule, they may exercise in the name of the occupier any right with respect to the repair of the dwelling-house exercisable by the occupier against any person other than the Board.

7. Where the Board have elected to make a payment in respect of the dwelling-house under paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act, the Board shall be entitled to recover as a civil debt from the owner of the dwelling-house any amount by which the expenditure of the Board under this Schedule in connection with the dwelling-house exceeds what it would have been if only remedial works had been executed.

8. Where a person entitled to serve a notice under paragraph 4 of this Schedule also has a right apart from this Act to daim from the Board or any other person compensation or damage in respect of any of the matters dealt with by this Schedule, he shall not be entitled to relief in respect of the same matters both under tins Schedule and under that other right.

SECOND SCHEDULE Sections 1;

Determination of Amount of Depreciation and Recipients

OF CERTAIN PAYMENTS

1. For the purposes of determining under subsection (4) of section one of this Act the amount of the depreciation in the value of any property affected by subsidence damage which is caused by that damage, the unit of property to be taken into account shall be—

(a) where any property which has suffered subsidence damage constitutes or is comprised in a rating unit, that rating unit; and

(b) in any other case, such unit consisting of or comprising property which has suffered subsidence damage as may be determined by agreement between the Board and all persons entitled to serve a damage notice in respect of that damage or, in default of such agreement, in the manner provided by section thirteen of this Act, to be equitable in all the circumstances of the case:

Provided that a rating unit and property not included in any rating unit may, if it is determined as aforesaid to be equitable so to do, be

982

Ch. 59

Coal-Mining (

Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. treated for the purposes aforesaid as a single unit of property, and

—amt, two or more rating units within the same curtilage and belonging to

the same owner, or a rating unit part only of which has suffered subsidence damage, may in either case be treated for the purposes aforesaid either—

(i) as a single unit of property; or

(ii) as consisting of such separate units of property as may be determined as aforesaid to be equitable in all the circumstances of the case,

as may be so determined.

2.—(1) For the purposes aforesaid the amount of the depreciation in the value of a unit of property caused by any subsidence damage shall be taken to be the amount by which the value of the property in the state in which it was immediately after the occurrence of the damage is less than the value of the property in the state in which it was immediately before the occurrence of the damage, and the value of the property in either of the said states shall be taken to be the amount which it might have been expected to realise in that state on a sale effected immediately after the damage occurred, being in the case of property comprising land or buildings a sale of the fee simple in the open market and with vacant possession subject to—

(a) any restrictive covenant, easement, quasi-easement, or other

right inuring for the benefit of other land;

(b) any public right of way, right of common, or other right inuring for the benefit of the public or of any section thereof; and

(c) any restriction imposed by or under any enactment,

to which the property was subject at the time immediately after the damage occurred, but free from any other incumbrance, and without regard to any liability of the property to become subject after the said time to any restriction by virtue of any enactment other than a closing order under section twelve of the Housing Act, 1936, or section ten of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953, or under or by virtue of section nine, ten, eleven or thirteen of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950:

Provided that—

(i) except where a demolition order under section eleven of the said Act of 1936, a clearance order under section twenty-six of that Act, a closing order under section ten of the said Act of 1953 or a compulsory purchase order was in force in respect of the property immediately before the date of the occurrence of the damage, if any payment or payments would have fallen to be made under section one of the Slum Clearance (Compensation) Act, 1956, in respect of any person’s interest in the property upon a compulsory purchase thereof in pursuance of a notice to treat served immediately before that date, the amount of the depreciation in the value of the property caused by the damage shall not be taken to be less than the amount, if any, by which the full compulsory purchase value within the meaning of the said Act of

le

1957

Coal-Mining ( )

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

983

1956 of that interest, or of all such interests taken together, for the purposes of that compulsory purchase would have been reduced if the notice to treat had been served immediately after that date;

(ii) in the case of a unit of property consisting of or comprising property of a kind not normally the subject of sales in the open market, provision may be made by regulations made by the Minister for ascertaining the value of the property in any state by reference to such matters as may be specified in the regulations.

(2) In determining for the purposes of the foregoing sub-para-graph the value of any property in the state in which it was immediately after the occurrence of the damage, any right to a payment under subsection (4) of section one of this Act in respect of that damage shall be disregarded.

3. A payment under subsection (3) or subsection (5) of section one of this Act shall be made to the person by whom the cost of carrying out the works in question is incurred, or. if that cost is incurred partly by one person and partly by another, shall be apportioned between them in such manner as may be determined by agreement or, in default of agreement, in shares corresponding to their respective shares in the cost.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Act, a payment under subsection (4) of section one of this Act shall be made to the person who is for the time being the owner of the property in question:

Provided that—

(a) if any other person is liable to make good the whole of

the damage to which the payment relates, the payment shall be made to him;

(b) if any other person is liable to make good any part of that damage, such part of the amount of the payment shall be paid to him as bears to the whole of that amount the same proportion as the cost of meeting that liability bears to the cost of making good the whole of the damage. 5 * * *

5. Where the Board are satisfied that the interest in the property in question of any person to whom, apart from the provisions of this paragraph or paragraph 7 of this Schedule, the whole or part of a payment under the said subsection (4) would fall to be paid

was, at the time immediately after the damage occurred, subject to a mortgage, the payment or that part thereof shall be paid to the mortgagee, and the mortgagee shall be liable to account therefor as if it had been proceeds of sale of that interest arising under a power of sale exercised by the mortgagee at the said time, except that the mortgagee shall not be entitled to credit for any costs incurred by him in connection with the claiming, ascertainment, apportionment or making of the payment:

Provided that—

(a) if at the time when the payment is made the debt secured by the mortgage (other than any part thereof representing

2nd Sch.

—am

984

Ch. 59

2nd Sch. —cortt.

Coed-Mining (Subsidence) 5 & 6 Elk. 2

Act, 1957

costs for which the mortgagee would not be entitled to credit) has been paid in full, the payment shall be disposed of as if the interest had not been subject to the mortgage;

(b) if the interest was subject to two or more successive mortgages, this paragraph shall have effect with the substitution for references to the mortgagee of references to the first mortgagee, or, if the preceding sub-paragraph has effect in relation to the first mortgage, to the second mortgagee, and so on; and

(c) in any case this paragraph shall have effect, as regards any

mortgage, subject to any agreement between the mortgagee and the person who apart from that mortgage would have been entitled to receive the payment or part thereof.

6. —(1) The Minister may by regulations make provision as to the person to whom any payment under the said subsection (4) or any part thereof is to be paid in cases where the interest in die property in question of a person to whom, apart from the provisions of (this or the next following paragraph, the whole or part of the payment would fall to be paid was at the time immediately after the damage occurred subject to a rentcharge; and any such regulations may apply all or any of the provisions of section twenty-five of (the War Damage Act, 1943 (which relates to the rights of owners of rentcharges as to payments for war damage), subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the regulations.

(2) In this paragraph the expression M rentcharge " means any annual sum charged on the property, not being rent incidental to a reversion.

7. Where the interest in the property in question of the person to whom, apart from the provisions of this paragraph, the whole or part of a payment under the said subsection (4) would fall to be paid is subject to a settlement or otherwise held in such manner that the person entitled to die interest would not be competent to give an effective discharge for the proceeds of a sale thereof, that payment or that part thereof shall be paid to the person so competent.

8. Where the interest in the property in question of the person to whom the whole or part of a payment under the said subsection

(4) falls to be paid, or the proceeds of sale of that interest, are the subject of a devise or bequest, that devise or bequest shall be deemed to include that payment or that part thereof. 9

9. Where the interest in the property in question of the person to whom the whole or part of a payment under the said subsection

(4) falls to be paid is the subject of a contract of sale or of a notice to treat served under an enactment authorising the compulsory acquisition thereof, being a contract made or notice served before the damage occurred, that payment or that part thereof shall, unless the contract is rescinded or the notice ceases to have effect, be held by that person upon trust for the purchaser:

1957

Coal-Mining (Subsidence)

Act, 1957

Ch. 59

985

Provided that any lien upon that interest to which that person is entitled by virtue of the contract shall extend to that payment or that part thereof.

10. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland—

(a) paragraph 7 shall not apply, but where the interest in the

property in question of the person to whom the whole or part of a payment under subsection (4) of section one of this Act falls to be paid is subject to a trust within the meaning of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921, or to an entail or to a life-rent, that person shall hold and apply that payment or that part thereof in like manner as if the interest had been acquired under compulsory powers and the payment or that part thereof were the purchase money or compensation for that interest;

(b) the following expressions have the following meanings

respectively, that is to say—

"fee simple" means, in the case of feudal property, the estate or interest of the proprietor of the dominium utile, or, in the case of property other than feudal property, the estate or interest of the owner;

"incumbrance" means any ground annual or othei incumbrance or any liability to pay feuduty;

" easement " means servitude;

" mortgage " means—

(i) a heritable security within the meaning of the

Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924, exclusive of a security by way of ground annual and a real burden ad factum praestandum but inclusive of a security constituted by ex facie absolute disposition; or

(ii) an assignation in security of a lease recorded

under die Registration of Leases (Scodand) Act, 1857;

and " mortgagee " shall be construed accordingly;

" rentcharge " means a feuduty or a ground annual.

oooo

2nd Sch. —cont.

986 Ch. 59, 60 Coal-Mining (Subsidence) 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

, 1957

0/ Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854 17 & 18 Vict. c. 91.

Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857 20 & 21 Vict. c. 26.

Tramways Act, 1870 33 & 34 Vict. c. 78.

Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882 ... 45 & 46 Vict c. 73.

Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886 49 & 50 Vict. c. 29.

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907 7 Edw. 7. c. 51.

Small Landholders (Scotland) Act, 1911 ... 1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 49.

Ancient Monuments Consolidation and

Amendment Act, 1913 3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 32.

Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921 11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 58.

Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924 14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 27.

Settled Land Act, 1925 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 18.

Law of Property Act, 1925 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 20.

Universities and College Estates Act, 1925 ... 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 24.

Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927 17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 36.

Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act,

1928 18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 44.

Doncaster Area Drainage Act, 1929 19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. xvii.

Land Drainage Act, 1930 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 44.

County Courts Act, 1934 24 &25 Geo. 5. c. 53.

Housing Act, 1936 26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 51.

War Damage Act, 1943 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 21.

Agriculture Act, 1947 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 48.

Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 45.

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 63.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 75.

Coal-Mining (Subsidence) Act, 1950 14 Geo. 6. c. 23

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950 14 Geo. 6. c. 34

Local Government (Miscellaneous Provi-

sions) Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

Mines and Quarries Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 70.

Crofters (Scotland) Act, 1955 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 21.

Slum Clearance (Compensation) Act, 1956 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 57.

CHAPTER 60

An Act to make provision for and in connection with the establishment of the Federation of Malaya as an independent sovereign country within the Commonwealth.

[31st July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Provision for 1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the approval

establishment of Parliament is hereby given to the conclusion between Her Federation as Majesty and the Rulers of the Malay States of such agreement as an independent appears to Her Majesty to be expedient for the establishment of sovereign the Federation of Malaya as an independent sovereign country country. within the Commonwealth.

1957

Federation of Malaya

Independence , 1957

Ch. 60

987

(2) Any such agreement as. aforesaid may make provision—

(a) for the formation of the Malay States and of the Settlements of Penang and Malacca into a new independent Federation of States under a Federal Constitution specified in the agreement, and for the application to those Settlements, as States of the new Federation, of State Constitutions so specified;

(b) for the termination of Her Majesty’s sovereignty and jurisdiction in respect of the said Settlements, and of all other Her power and jurisdiction in and in respect of the Malay States or the Federation as a whole, and the revocation or modification of all or any of the provisions of the Federation of Malaya Agreement,

1948, and of any other agreements in force between Her Majesty and the Rulers of the Malay States.

(3) Any such agreement shall be conditional upon the approval of the new Federal Constitution by enactments of the existing Federal Legislature and of each of the Malay States; and upon such approval being given Her Majesty by Order in Council may direct that the said Federal and State Constitutions shall have the force of law within the said Settlements, and, so far as She has jurisdiction in that behalf, elsewhere within the Federation, and may make such other provision as appears to Her to be necessary for giving effect to the agreement.

(4) Any Order in Council under this section shall be laid before Parliament after being made.

(5) In this Act " the appointed day " means such day as may be specified by Order in Council under this section as the day from which the said Federal Constitution has the force of law as aforesaid.

2.—(1) On and after the appointed day, all existing law to Operation oi which this section applies shall, until otherwise provided by the existins laws, authority having power to amend or repeal that law, continue to apply in relation to the Federation or any part thereof, and to persons and things in any way belonging thereto or connected therewith, in all respects as if no such agreement as is referred to in subsection (1) of section one of this Act had been concluded:

Provided that—

(a) the enactments referred to in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as from the appointed day subject to the amendments made by that Schedule (being amendments for applying in relation to the Federation certain statutory provisions applicable to Commonwealth countries having fully responsible status within Her Majesty’s dominions);

988

Ch. 60

Federation of Malaya

Independence , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(b) Her Majesty may by Order, in Council make such further adaptations in any Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed before the appointed day, or in any instrument having effect under any such Act, as appear to Her necessary or expedient in consequence of the agreement referred to in subsection (1) of section one of this Act;

(c) in relation to the Colonial Development and Welfare Acts, 1940 to 1955, this subsection shall have effect only so far as may be necessary for the making of payments on or after the appointed day in pursuance of schemes in force immediately before that day and in respect of periods falling before that day;

() nothing in this section shall be construed as continuing in

force any enactment or rule of law limiting or restricting the legislative powers of the Federation or any part thereof.

(2) An Order in Council made under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) An Order in Council made under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council so made and may, though made after the appointed day, be made so as to have effect from that day.

(4) In this section " existing law " means any Act of Parliament or other enactment or instrument whatsoever, and any rule of law, which is in force on the appointed day or, having been passed or made before the appointed day, comes into force after that day; and the existing law to which this section applies is law which operates as law of, or of any part of, the United Kingdom, Southern Rhodesia, or any colony, protectorate or United Kingdom trust territory except that this section—

(a) does not apply to any law passed by the Federal Legislature of Rhodesia and Nyasaland;

(b) applies to other law of, or of any part of, Southern Rhodesia so far only as concerns law which can be amended neither by a law passed by the Legislature thereof nor by a law passed by the said Federal Legislature; and

(c) applies to other law of, or of any part of. Northern

Rhodesia or Nyasaland so far only as concerns law which cannot be amended by a law passed by the said Federal Legislature.

1957

Federation of Malaya

Independence , 1957

Ch. 60

989

(5) References in subsection (4) of this section to a colony, a protectorate and a United Kingdom trust territory shall be construed as if they were references contained in the British Nationality Act, 1948.

3. —-(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council confer on the Appeals from Judicial Committee of the Privy Council such jurisdiction in Supreme respect of appeals from the Supreme Court of the Federation as

appears to Her to be appropriate for giving effect to any arrangements made after the appointed day between Her Majesty and the Head of the Federation for the reference of such appeals to that Committee.

(2) An Order in Council under this section may determine the classes of cases in which, and the conditions as to leave and otherwise subject to which, any such appeal may be entertained by the said Committee, and the practice and procedure to be followed on any such appeal, and may in particular make such provision with respect to the form of the report or recommendation to be made by the Committee in respect of any such appeal, and the transmission to the Head of the Federation of such reports or recommendations, as appears to Her Majesty to be appropriate having regard to the said arrangements.

(3) Except so far as otherwise provided by Order in Council under this section, and subject to such modifications as may be so provided, the Judicial Committee Act, 1833, shall apply in relation to appeals under this section as it applies in relation to appeals to Her Majesty in Council.

(4) Arrangements made in pursuance of this section may apply to any appeal to Her Majesty in Council, or any application for leave to bring such an appeal, which is pending on the appointed day; but except as aforesaid nothing in this Act shall be construed as continuing in force any right of appeal to Her Majesty in Council from any court in the Federation.

(5) An Order in Council made under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council so made.

4. —(1) References in this Act to any other enactment are interpretation,

references thereto as amended or extended by any subsequent repeal and enactment. short title.

(2) The enactments described in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, as from the appointed day, to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule. 3

(3) This Act may be cited as the Federation of Malaya Independence Act, 1957.

990

Section 2

Ch. 60 Federation of Malaya 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Independence Act, 1957

SCHEDULES FIRST SCHEDULE Consequential Amendments of Enactments Nationality and Citizenship

1. Subsection (3) of section one of the British Nationality Act, 1948 (which specifies the Commonwealth countries whose citizens are British subjects or Commonwealth citizens) shall have effect as if for the words " and Ghana " there were substituted the words " Ghana and the Federation of Malaya"; and the British Protectorates, Protected States and Protected Persons Order in Council, 1949, made in pursuance of sections thirty and thirty-two of that Act, shall have effect as if the references to the Malay States in section eight of that Order and in the Second Schedule thereto were omitted.

Armed forces

2. —(1) References in the Army Act, 1955, the Air Force Act, 1955, and the Naval Discipline Act, 1957, to a colony or to territory under Her Majesty’s protection shall not include any part of the Federation, and section two hundred and eighteen of the Army Act, 1955, section two hundred and sixteen of the Air Force Act, 1955, and subsection (3) of section one hundred and twenty-seven of the Naval Discipline Act, 1957, shall cease to have effect.

(2) In the definitions of " Commonwealth force " in subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-five of the Army Act, 1955, and in subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-three of the Air Force Act, 1955, and in the definition of "Commonwealth country " in subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-five of the Naval Discipline Act, 1957, for the words "or Ghana" there shall be substituted the words 44 Ghana or the Federation of Malaya ".

(3) Until the coming into force of the Naval Discipline Act, 1957, sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph shall have effect as if for the reference to the definition of "Commonwealth country" in subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-five of that Act there were substituted a reference to the definition of "Commonwealth force " in section eighty-six of the Naval Discipline Act, as amended by the Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1955.

3. Section four of the Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933 (which deals with attachment and mutual powers of command), and the definition of44 visiting force " for the purposes of that Act which is contained in section eight of that Act, shall apply in relation to forces raised in the Federation as they apply in relation to forces raised in Dominions within the meaning of the Statute of Westminster, 1931. 4 * * * * *

4. —(1) In subsection (1) of section one of the Visiting Forces Act,

1952 (which specifies the countries to which that Act applies), for the

words 44 or Ghana " there shall be substituted the words 44 Ghana or

the Federation of Malaya "; and in paragraph (a) of subsection (1)

of section ten of that Act the expression 44 colony " shall not include

any part of the Federation.

1957

Federation of Malaya

Independence Act, 1957

Ch. 60

991

(2) Until express provision with respect to the Federation is made by Order in Council under section eight of the said Act of 1952 (which relates to the application to visiting forces of law relating to home forces), any such Order for the time being in force shall be deemed to apply to visiting forces of the Federation.

Diplomatic immunities

5. In section four hundred and sixty-one of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to exemption from income tax in the case of certain Commonwealth representatives and their staffs) for the words " or Ghana", in both places where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words " Ghana or the Federation of Malaya

6. In subsection (6) of section one of the Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act, 1952, after the word 44 Ghana " there shall be inserted the words 44 the Federation of Malaya ".

Financial

7. As respects goods imported after such date as Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint, section four of the Import Duties Act, 1932, and section two of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1932 (which relate to imperial preference other than colonial preference) shall apply to the Federation.

8. —(1) The Colonial Stock Acts, 1877 to 1948, shall apply in relation to stock of the Federation as they apply in relation to stock of a Dominion within the meaning of the Colonial Stock Act, 1934, but as if in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one of the said Act of 1934 for any reference to Her Majesty’s Government in the Dominion, to the Parliament of the Dominion or to the Royal Assent, there were substituted a reference to the Government or the Legislature of the Federation or to the Assent of the Head of the Federation.

(2) During any period on and after the appointed day during which there is in force as part of the law of the Federation any instrument passed or made before that day which makes provision corresponding to the undertaking required by the said paragraph (a), paragraphs (a) and (b) of the said subsection (1) shall be deemed to have been complied with in the case of the Federation.

Ships and aircraft

9. The Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1954, shall apply in relation to the Federation as they apply in relation to the Commonwealth countries mentioned in subsection (3) of section one of the British Nationality Act, 1948. 10 * * * * * *

10. Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing para-

graph—

(a) in subsection (2) of section four hundred and twenty-seven of

the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, as substituted by section

two of the Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act, 1949,

for the words 44 or Ghana " there shall be substituted the

words 44 Ghana or the Federation of Malaya and

992

Ch. 60

Federation of Malaya

Independence , 1957

5 & 6 ELiz. 2

Section 4.

(6) in the proviso to subsection (2) of section six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1948, for the words 44 or Ghana " there shall be substituted the words 44 Ghana or the Federation of Malaya ".

11. In the definitions of44 Dominion ship or aircraft " contained in subsection (2) of section three of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, and in Regulation one hundred of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, the expression 44a Dominion" shall include the Federation.

12. The Ships and Aircraft (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1939, shall not apply to any ship by reason only of its being registered in, or licensed under the law of the Federation; and the penal provisions of that Act shall not apply to persons in the Federation (but without prejudice to the operation with respect to any ship to which that Act does apply of the provisions thereof relating to the forfeiture of ships).

13. In the Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act, 1934, the expression 44 British ship to which this Act applies " shall not include a British ship registered in the Federation.

Copyright

14. The references in section thirty-one of the Copyright Act, 1956, to a colony or to a country outside Her Majesty's dominions in which Her Majesty has jurisdiction shall not include any part of the Federation.

15. If the Copyright Act, 1911, so far as in force in the law of any part of the Federation, is repealed or amended by that law at a time when sub-paragraph (2) or paragraph 39 of the Seventh Schedule to the Copyright Act, 1956 (which applies certain provisions of that Act in relation to countries to which the said Act of 1911 extended) is in force in relation to that part of the Federation, the said sub-paragraph (2) shall thereupon cease to have effect in relation thereto.

SECOND SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 37. The Straits Settlements (Repeal) Act, 1946. The whole Act so far as it relates to the Settlements of Penang and Malacca.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18. The Army Act, 1955. Section two hundred and eighteen.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19. The Air Force Act, 1955. Section two hundred and sixteen.

1957

Federation of Malaya

Independence , 1957

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Ch. 60, 61

993

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Judicial Committee Act, 1833 Merchant Shipping Act, 1894

Copyright Act, 1911

Statute of Westminster, 1931

Import Duties Act, 1932

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1932 ...

Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act

1933

Colonial Stock Act, 1934

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act, 1934 Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939 Ships and Aircraft (Transfer Restriction) Act

1939

Merchant Shipping Act, 1948 British Nationality Act, 1948 Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act

1949

Income Tax Act, 1952

Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act, 1952

Visiting Forces Act, 1952

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 41.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 46.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 4.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 8.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 16.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 6.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 47.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 49.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 70.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 44.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 56.

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 43.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 67.

Army Act, 1955

Air Force Act, 1955

Revision of the Army and Air Force Acts (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1955

Copyright Act, 1956

Naval Discipline Act, 1957

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18. 3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 74.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

CHAPTER 61

An Act to extinguish rights of common and other rights, in so far as any such rights subsist in or over certain land in the parish of Winfrith Newburgh in the county of Dorset; to provide for determining the nature of the said rights, in so far as they subsist in or over that land, and the persons entitled thereto, and to provide for compensation in respect of the extinguishment thereof; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[31st July, 1957]

WHEREAS for the purposes of their functions under the Atomic Energy Authority Act, 1954, and other enactments the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority (in this Act referred to as " the Authority ") are desirous of acquiring certain lands in the parish of Winfrith Newburgh in the county of Dorset, and of constructing buildings and other works on those lands:

21

994

Ch. 61

Winfrith Heath Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Extinguish-ment of rights of common.

And whereas the said lands include part of a common or reputed common known as Winfrith Heath and also include a common or reputed common known as Knighton Heath and part of another common or reputed common known as Burton Heath, but it is not known what rights of common or similar rights (if any) now subsist in respect thereof:

And whereas for enabling the said buildings and works to be constructed it is expedient that all such rights as aforesaid, in so far as they subsist and affect the said lands, should be extinguished by the authority of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that provision should be made for determining the nature and extent of the said rights, in so far as they subsist and affect the said lands, for determining the compensation to be paid in respect of the extinguishment of any such rights, and for the payment of any compensation so determined:

And whereas in connection with the Bill for this Act there have been deposited with the clerk of the administrative county of Dorset plans (in this Act referred to as " the deposited plans ") showing the lands in respect of which such rights as aforesaid are to be extinguished by virtue of this Act, together with a book of reference to the deposited plans containing the names of the owners or reputed owners, lessees or reputed lessees, and occupiers, of those lands:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, all such rights of common or similar rights (if any) as immediately before the passing of this Act subsisted in or over any part of the land to which this Act applies are hereby extinguished.

(2) As from the passing of this Act—

(a) no part of the land to which this Act applies shall be taken, for the purposes of any enactment, to be or to form part of a common, open space or fuel or field garden allotment; and

(b) so much of any enactment as (apart from this Act) would require any of that land to remain open and uninclosed shall cease to apply to that land.

(3) The land to which this Act applies is the land delineated on the deposited plans and shown thereon as the land in respect of which rights are to be extinguished by this Act.

(4) The rights extinguished by subsection (1) of this section shall include all rights which would have been extinguished by virtue of section one hundred and seven of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, if the following circumstances had

1957

Wmfrith Heath , 1957

Ch. 61

995

existed immediately before the passing of this Act, that is to say, if—

(a) the Authority had been duly authorised, in pursuance of subsection (1) of section five of the Atomic Energy Authority Act, 1954, and the enactments incorporated therewith, to purchase compulsorily the land to which this Act applies;

(b) all such steps had been taken as in accordance with any enactment would have been required to be taken for enabling the Authority to execute, in respect of the land to which this Act applies, a deed poll under the said section one hundred and seven for the purpose of effecting the vesting of that land in the Authority as mentioned in that section; and

(c) the Authority had duly executed such a deed poll in respect of that land and that deed had taken effect in accordance with that section,

but shall not include any rights which would not have been extinguished by virtue of the said section one hundred and seven if those circumstances had then existed.

(5) Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this section, nothing in those provisions shall affect the amount of the compensation which, in the event of the compulsory acquisition of an interest in any of the land to which this Act applies, would be payable in respect of that interest, and any such amount shall be assessed as if this Act had not been passed.

2.—(1) The Lord Chancellor shall appoint a valuer or other fit Determination person (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the valuer ") for the of dsbk ajd purposes of this section. 5SSSS&.

(2) The valuer shall first determine—

(a) whether, immediately before the passing of this Act, any such rights as are mentioned in subsection (1) of the preceding section subsisted in or over any part of the land to which this Act applies, and have been extinguished by the operation of that subsection, and

(b) if any such rights so subsisted and have been so extinguished, what was the nature of those rights, and over what parts of the land to which this Act applies they were exercisable respectively,

so however that for the purposes of this subsection the valuer shall not be required to determine the persons entitled to any such rights or the lands to which any such rights were appurtenant or appendant or otherwise belonged:

212

996

Ch. 61

Winfrith Heath , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Provided that if it appears to the valuer that the questions to be determined by him under this subsection could most conveniently be determined by way of two or more separate decisions, relating either to different rights or to different parts of the land to which this Act applies, the valuer may determine those questions accordingly.

(3) The valuer shall publish notice of every decision made by him under the last preceding subsection in such manner as he may consider appropriate for making it known to persons who may be affected thereby.

(4) Where the valuer has published notice of a decision made by him under subsection (2) of this section, then at any time not later than three months after the first publication of that notice the Authority, or any person who claims to have been entitled to any rights to which the decision relates and wishes to dispute the valuer’s decision, may give notice in writing to the valuer requiring him to refer the decision to the Lands Tribunal; and, if any such notice is given to the valuer in accordance with this subsection, he shall refer the decision to the Lands Tribunal, and on that reference—

(a) the valuer, the Authority and every person claiming to have been entitled to any rights to which the valuer’s decision relates shall be entitled to be heard by the Tribunal, and

(b) the Tribunal shall either confirm or vary the decision of the valuer and shall give notice of their decision in such manner as the Tribunal may consider appropriate for making it known to persons who may be affected thereby.

(5) If, in accordance with the preceding provisions of this section, it is determined that any such rights subsisted and have been extinguished as mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection

(2) of this section, then (subject to the next following section) at any time after—

(a) the valuer has published notice of a decision under subsection (2) of this section which relates to those rights, and

(b) any proceedings before the Lands Tribunal in respect of

that decision, or any proceedings arising from any such proceedings, have been finally determined, or the time for bringing such proceedings has expired,

any person who claims that, immediately before the passing of this Act, he, or a person from whom he derives title whether directly or indirectly, was entitled to exercise such a right which has been so extinguished, may give notice in writing to the valuer claiming compensation for the extinguishment of that right

1957

Winfrith Heath , 1957

Ch. 61

997

(6) The valuer shall consider any claim made under the last preceding subsection and, if he determines that the claim is well-founded, shall determine the compensation to be paid to the claimant in respect of the extinguishment of the right, and shall give notice of his decision to the person making the claim and to the Authority.

(7) At any time not later than three months after the valuer has given notice of his decision on a claim under subsection (5) of this section, the person making the claim, if he wishes to dispute that decision, or the Authority, if they wish to dispute it, may give notice in writing to the valuer requiring him to refer the claim to the Lands Tribunal, and the valuer shall refer it to the Tribunal accordingly; and on any reference to the Lands Tribunal under this subsection—

(a) the claimant, the Authority and the valuer shall be entitled

to be heard by the Tribunal, and

(b) the Tribunal shall either confirm or vary the decision of

the valuer and shall give notice of their decision to the claimant, to the Authority and to the valuer.

(8) Where in accordance with the provisions of subsections (5) to (7) of this section it is determined that any compensation is payable to a claimant, the amount of the compensation shall be paid to him by the Authority, together with interest thereon, from the date of the passing of this Act, at the rate for the time being in force under subsection (2) of section fifty-seven of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

3.—(1) For the purposes of the performance of his functions Supplementary under the last preceding section, die valuer may publish such provisions, notices, hold such inquiries and convene such meetings as he may think fit, and shall have power to hear, receive and examine evidence on oath, and, subject to the provisions of this Act, may regulate his procedure thereunder as he may determine.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding subsection, the valuer may fix a period within which notices of claims under subsection (5) of the last preceding section may be given to the valuer, and shall publish notice of any period so fixed in such manner as he may consider appropriate for making it known to persons who may be affected thereby:

Provided that the period fixed by a notice under this subsection shall be a period ending—

(a) not less than six weeks after the date on which the notice under this subsection is first published, and

998

Ch. 61

Winfrith Heath , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(b) not less than six weeks after the earliest date on which, in accordance with subsection (5) of the last preceding section, persons are entitled to give notice under that subsection of claims in respect of which the period is fixed.

(3) Where the valuer has published a notice fixing a period in accordance with the last preceding subsection, he may disregard any claims in respect of which the period is fixed if notice of them is not duly given to him within that period.

(4) If it appears to the valuer that any claim under subsection <5) of the last preceding section raises a question of title on which the opinion of conveyancing counsel would be of assistance in determining the claim, the valuer may refer that question to one of the conveyancing counsel of the High Court for his opinion.

(5) If, at any time after the appointment of the valuer and before he has completed the performance of his functions under this Act,—

(a) the valuer dies, or

(b) the Lord Chancellor is satisfied that the valuer, by reason of illness, absence or other cause, has become incapable of performing those functions,

the Lord Chancellor, in a case falling within paragraph of this subsection, shall terminate the valuer’s appointment under this Act, and, in either case, shall appoint another valuer or other fit person to act in his place; and, in relation to any period after that appointment takes effect, any reference in this Act to the valuer shall be construed as a reference to the person so appointed.

(6) The provisions contained in the Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to proceedings on references to the Lands Tribunal under this Act.

(7) The Authority shall pay—

(a) all costs and expenses incurred by the valuer in pursuance

of this Act, including the valuer’s costs and expenses of or incidental to any proceedings under this Act to which the valuer is a party except in so far as any such costs or expenses are ordered by any tribunal or court to be paid by another party to the proceedings and are so paid in pursuance of the order; *

(b) the remuneration of the valuer as determined by the Lord Chancellor.

(8) The Authority shall also pay all costs and expenses incurred by any person who claims to have been entitled to any rights extinguished by section one of this Act, or to derive title, directly or indirectly, from a person so entitled, in so far as any such

1957

Winfrith Heath , 1957

Ch. 61

costs or expenses are certified by the valuer to have been reasonably incurred by that person for the purposes of the determination by the valuer of any question which the valuer is required to determine under the last preceding section; and in determining under this subsection whether any costs or expenses incurred by any person were reasonably incurred for those purposes the valuer—

(a) shall have regard to the nature of the claim and the evidence produced in support thereof, and to the scale of the costs and expenses in question in relation to the nature of the claim and the evidence so produced, but

(b) shall not disallow any costs or expenses by reason only that the matter in question was determined adversely to the claimant, whether by the valuer or by the Landis Tribunal:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to costs or expenses of or incidental to any proceedings before the Lands Tribunal, and shall not affect any power of that Tribunal with respect to any such costs or expenses.

4. This Act may be cited as the Winfrith Heath Act, 1957.

SCHEDULE

References to Lands Tribunal

1. Any reference to the Lands Tribunal under this Act shall be made by means of a notice sent by the valuer to the registrar of the Tribunal (in this Schedule referred to as " the registrar "); and the registrar shall enter particulars of every such notice in the Register of References.

2. Every such notice shall be accompanied by a copy of—

(a) the decision of the valuer to which the reference relates; and

(b) the notice given to the valuer requiring him to refer the decision or claim in question to the Tribunal.

3. —(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall apply where a reference is made under subsection (4) of section two of tins Act

(2) The Lands Tribunal shall publish notice of the reference in such manner as the Tribunal may consider appropriate for making it known to persons who may be entitled to be heard thereon; and every such notice shall state the number of the reference, which shall thereafter constitute the title of the proceedings.

(3) Any person who is entitled to be heard by the Tribunal on the reference, and who intends to appear at the hearing, shall give notice in writing to the registrar of his intention to do so not later than twenty-one days after the first publication of the notice under the last preceding sub-paragraph, stating—

(a) whether he intends to appear separately or jointly with some other person;

[Short title.] Section 3.

1000

Ch. 61, 62

Winfrith Heath , 1957

5&6EUZ.2

Sch.—coni.

(b) the grounds on which he intends to rely;

(c) whether he does or does not propose to call an expert witness;

() an address at which documents may be served upon him.

(4) The registrar shall, on being requested to do so by any person who has given notice of intention to appear, or who satisfies the registrar that he is a peraon qualified to give such a notice, supply him with copies of the notice of reference and of any relevant notice of intention to appear received by the registrar from any other person.

(5) For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby declared that the preceding provisions of this paragraph apply in relation to the valuer and to the Authority as they apply in relation to other persons entitled to be heard on a reference under subsection (4) of section two of this Act.

4. Upon receipt of notice of a reference under subsection (7) of section two of this Act, the registrar shall forthwith send a copy of the notice, and of the documents sent therewith, to the Authority and to the person to whose claim the reference relates, and shall inform them and the valuer of the number of the reference, which shall thereafter constitute the title of the proceedings.

5. Subject to the preceding provisions of this Schedule—

(a) all the provisions of the Lands Tribunal Act, 1949, and

(b) except in so far as may be otherwise provided in any rules made after the passing of this Act, all the provisions (including provisions as to fees) of any rules for the time being in force under that Act,

shall apply in relation to proceedings on any reference to the Tribunal under this Act as they apply in relation to proceedings of the Tribunal on any question (not being an appeal against a determination) which, under any enactment other than the said Act of 1949, is in default of agreement to be determined by the Tribunal.

cCO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1843 Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 Lands Tribunal Act, 1949 Atomic Energy Authority Act, 1954 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. 10 All Geo. 6. c. 51. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 42. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 32.

CHAPTER 62

Governors’ Pensions , 1957 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Power to grant pensions to Governors.

2. Amount of pension.

3. Maximum amount of pension.

4. Abatement of pension in cases of Government employment.

5. Power to increase pension after re-employment as Governor.

1957

Governors' Pensions , 1957

Ch. 62

1001

Section

6. Power to grant pensions in special cases to Governors under age of 50.

7. Power to commute Governor’s pension.

8. Power to grant allowances under Superannuation Acts in lieu of

pension under this Act.

9. Gratuity in respect of Governor dying in office.

10. Power to grant Superannuation Act allowances to Governors receiving

pensions under this Act.

11. Power to grant Superannuation Act allowances to Governors not

receiving pensions under this Act.

12. Certain periods to be reckoned as service as a Governor.

13. Calculation of yearly amount of pension consisting partly or wholly of

capital sum.

14. Allocation of part of Governor’s pension to spouse or dependant.

15. Annual statement of pensions granted under Act

16. Orders.

17. Interpretation.

18. Saving, repeal and transitional provisions.

19. Short title.

Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate the Governors’ Pensions Acts,

1911 to 1956.

[31st July, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Power to Treasury, by writing under his hand grant a pension to any grant pensions Governor eligible for it. to Governora*

(2) In this Act the expression " Governor " means the Governor (however styled) or administrator of—

(a) any part of Her Majesty’s dominions other than the British Islands; or

(b) a protectorate; or

(c) a trust territory designated for the purposes of this section by an order made by the Secretary of State with die consent of the Treasury; or

() any federation or association of oversea territories; and references to a Governor include, except where the context otherwise requires, references to a person who has been a Governor.

(3) A Governor is eligible for a pension under this Act if the period of his service as a Governor or, if immediately before his appointment as a Governor he was employed in the home or oversea civil service, that period added to the period of his service in die home or oversea civil service, amounts to not less than ten years and—

(a) he has attained the age of fifty; or

21*

le

1002

Ch. 62

Governors’ Pensions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Amount of pension.

Maximum amount of pension.

(b) he has in the opinion of the Secretary of State become

incapable of discharging the duties of his office by reason of some infirmity of mind or body which is likely to be permanent; or

(c) his office has been abolished.

(4) Any question whether a person is eligible for a pension under this Act shall be decided by the Secretary of State, and his decision, if confirmed by the Treasury, shall be final.

2. —(1) The yearly amount of a pension granted under this Act shall, subject to the limit imposed by the next following section, be as follows, that is to say—

(a) where the pension is granted to a Governor who imme-

diately before his appointment as a Governor was employed in the oversea civil service, it shall be an amount determined under subsection (2) or subsection

(3) of this section, whichever is the higher;

(b) where the pension is granted to any other Governor it

shall be an amount determined under subsection (3) of this section.

(2) Where the yearly amount of a Governor’s pension falls to be determined under this subsection it shall be calculated—

(a) by taking for every completed month of his service in

the oversea civil service or as a Governor one six-hundredth of the average yearly amount of his final salary; and

(b) by deducting from the total amount ascertained under

the foregoing paragraph the yearly amount of any pension granted to him in respect of service in the oversea civil service.

(3) Where the yearly amount of a Governor’s pension falls to be determined under this subsection it shall be calculated by taking for every completed month of his service as a Governor one six-hundredth of the average yearly amount of his final salary. 3 * *

3. —(1) The yearly amount of a pension under this Act shall not exceed three thousand pounds.

(2) Subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of section ten of this Act, where a Governor is in receipt of a pension granted in respect of service in the oversea civil service or in respect of Crown service other than service in the oversea civil service or. as a Governor, then—

(a) if the yearly amount of that pension is three thousand

pounds or more he shall not receive any pension under this Act;

(b) if that yearly amount is less than three thousand

pounds, the yearly amount of any pension received by

1957

Governors' Pensions , 1957

Ch. 62

1003

him under this Act shall not exceed the difference between the first-mentioned amount and three thousand pounds.

(3) The Treasury may by order specify another sum for the purposes of this section and where another sum is so specified the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect as if for the references to three thousand pounds there were substituted references to that sum.

(4) Where, in the case of any Governor, three thousand pounds or, as the case may be, the sum specified under the last foregoing subsection, is more than two-thirds of the yearly amount of the highest salary at any time received by him in respect of service in the home or oversea civil service or as a Governor, subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall have effect in his case as if references to two-thirds of that yearly amount were substituted for the references to three thousand pounds or the sum specified under the last foregoing subsection.

4. Where a person to whom a pension has been granted Abatement under this Act becomes entitled to any salary or emolument pension (other than a pension) in respect of employment in the armed G0^cnt forces of the Crown or otherwise under the Government of the employment United Kingdom or any oversea territory, the pension shall be

reduced by one half of the amount of the salary or emolument, unless the Secretary of State and the Treasury are satisfied that the employment will not continue for more than a year and the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury directs that the reduction shall not be made.

5. Where a person to whom a pension has been granted Power to under this Act serves again as a Governor for such time and at increase such salary that the pension would have been greater if granted P*6 * 08 * *011 after instead of before that service, the Secretary of State may, ^mpi(55ment with the approval of the Treasury, by writing under his hand as Governor, increase the yearly amount of the pension to what it would have

been if the pension had been granted at the end of that service.

6. —(1) Where in any special case it appears to the Secretary of Power to grant

State and the Treasury that it is impracticable to find appropriate pensions in

employment in the public service for a Governor who would be cases to eligible for a pension under this Act if he had attained the age mrierage*

of fifty, and that it is in the interests of the public service to of 50. grant him a pension under this Act, the Secretary of State may by writing under his hand grant him such a pension notwithstanding that he has not attained that age.

(2) A minute of the Secretary of State, approved by the Treasury, granting a pension by virtue of this section shall set forth the amount of the pension and the reasons for the grant, and shall be laid before Parliament.

21*2

1004

Ch. 62

Governors' Pensions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Power to commute Governor’s pension.

7. In granting a Governor a pension under this Act the Secretary of State may, on the Governor’s application and with the approval of the Treasury, commute by the payment of a capital sum calculated in such manner as the Treasury may by order prescribe, part of the pension, not exceeding one-fourth of the yearly amount, which the Governor might have received but for the commutation.

Power to grant 8.—(1) Where a Governor eligible for a pension under this r Act was, immediately before his appointment as a Governor, annuation" employed in the home or oversea civil service, a superannuation Acts in lieu allowance and additional allowance may be granted to him of pension under the Superannuation Acts instead of a pension under this under this Act. ^ct, if the yearly amount of the allowances (calculated in the case of the additional allowance in accordance with section thirteen of this Act) is greater than would be the yearly amount of the pension under this Act together with any pension that might by virtue of subsection (1) of section ten of this Act be granted to him under the Superannuation Acts.

(2) The amount of any superannuation allowance and additional allowance granted to a Governor by virtue of this section shall be calculated as if the number of years served by him as a Governor had been served in the home civil service at the salary received by him in that or, as the case may be, the oversea civil service, immediately before his appointment as a Governor.

Gratuity in respect of Governor dying in office.

9.—(1) Where a Governor who, immediately before his appointment as a Governor, was employed in the home or oversea civil service, dies while he is a Governor, the Treasury may grant to his personal representatives a gratuity of such amount, not exceeding four thousand five hundred pounds, as is equal to the average yearly amount of his final salary.

(2) The Treasury may by order specify another sum for the purposes of this section and where another sum is so specified subsection (1) of this section shall have effect as if for the reference to four thousand five hundred pounds there were substituted a reference to that sum.

Power to grant Superannuation Act allowances to Governors receiving pensions under this Act

10.—(1) Where a Governor to whom a pension has been granted under this Act was before his appointment as a Governor employed in the home civil service the like superannuation allowance and additional allowance (if any) may be granted to him under the Superannuation Acts as if at the completion of that employment he had retired on a medical certificate.

(2) Where a Governor eligible for a pension under this Act becomes employed in service in respect of which a superannuation allowance and additional allowance under the Superannuation Acts cannot, apart from this section, be granted to him but

1957

Governors* Pensions , 1957

Ch. 62

1005

which is of a kind in respect of which such allowances are granted to persons retiring after the requisite number of years then, whether or not his employment was in an established capacity and notwithstanding that he has not completed the requisite number of years’ service, a superannuation allowance and additional allowance may on his retirement be granted to him under those Acts but—

(a) no more than five years of his service shall be taken into

account in computing their amounts; and

(b) where his service was less than three years their amounts

shall be computed as if the whole of his service were the period specified in subsection (2) of section four of the Superannuation Act, 1935 (which requires such allowances to be computed on the average annual amount of salary and emoluments during the last three years of service); and

(c) notwithstanding the payment of the allowances, no

contribution shall be collected and no pension granted in respect of his service under Part I or Part II of the Superannuation Act, 1949 (which make provision for pensions to widows and dependants).

(3) Allowances granted by virtue of the last foregoing subsection shall be disregarded for the purposes of subsection (2) of section three of this Act

11. Where a Governor who is not eligible for a pension under Power to

this Act becomes employed in the home civil service in an srant Super-established capacity his service as a Governor may for the alienees ti? purposes of the Superannuation Acts be treated as if it had Governors been passed in the home civil service. not receiving

pensions under this Act

12. The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Certain Treasury, determine under what conditions and to what extent peijod^° * any person shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have as a* been serving as a Governor while serving as a provisional Governor. Governor, while proceeding to his government, or while absent

from his government with the permission of Her Majesty.

13. Where part of a pension under this Act or the whole or Calculation

part of any other pension has been commuted by the payment of yearly of a capital sum, the yearly amount of the pension shall be ^n_

taken to be what it would have been but for the commutation; listing partly but the yearly amount of any other capital sum paid on or in or wholly of respect of retirement shall be taken to be the yearly amount capital sum. which would actuarially be the equivalent of that sum, having

regard to the expectation of lifb of the person receiving it.

1006

Ch. 62

Governors' Pensions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Allocation of part of Governor’s pension to spouse or dependant.

14.—(1) The Treasury may make rules for securing that, in such circumstances and subject to such conditions as to proof of good health and other matters as may be specified in the rules,—

(a) a Governor shall be allowed to surrender, as from the

date of his retirement, and

(b) a retired Governor under the age of seventy who has

married since his retirement shall be allowed to surrender, as from the date of his marriage,

in return for the benfits of the rules, such part of any pension granted or to be granted to him under this Act as, subject to die next following subsection, may be specified in the rules, and for enabling the Treasury to grant either to his spouse, or (unless the surrender was made under paragraph (b) of this subsection) to a dependant, a pension of such value as, according to tables to be prepared from time to time by the Government Actuary, is actuarially equivalent, at the date as from which the said part is surrendered, to the value of that part.

(2) The part of a pension surrendered under the foregoing subsection (whether by virtue of paragraph ( )or paragraph (b) or both) shall not exceed one-third or, where part of the pension is commuted under section seven of this Act, one-third of the remainder.

(3) Any pension under this section for the benefit of a dependant (not being the spouse) of a retired Governor shall be payable in respect of the period, if any, for which the dependant survives him, and any such pension for the benefit of the spouse shall, according as the Governor may, in conformity with the rules under this section, elect, be payable either—

(a) in respect of the period, if any, for which the spouse

survives him, or

(b) in respect both of the period of their joint lives

(subsequent to the retirement or marriage), and of the period, if any, for which the spouse survives him,

and the rules may provide that a pension payable thereunder in respect of the periods mentioned in paragraph ( of this subsection shall be paid at one rate in respect of the first of those periods and at a higher rate in respect of the second.

(4) For the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section three of this Act any part of a pension surrendered by a Governor in accordance with rules made under this section shall be treated as being received by him.

(5) Rules under this section shall be made by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

1957

Governors' Pensions , 1957

Ch. 62

1007

15. A statement of all pensions granted under this Act shall be laid annually before Parliament.

16. —(1) Any power conferred by this Act to make an order shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and shall include power to vary or revoke a previous order.

(2) An order designating a trust territory for the purposes of section one of this Act may be made so as to have effect from a date earlier than that on which it is made, and any order under that section shall be laid before Parliament.

(3) Any statutory instrument containing an order under section three, seven or nine of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

17. —(1) In this Act—

" final salary " means salary during the last three years of service (whether as a Governor or in the home or oversea civil service);

" Governor " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act;

" oversea territory " means a territory which is, or is part of, a colony, protectorate, protected state or United Kingdom trust territory;

" pension " includes any superannuation or other retiring allowance, including any navy, army or air-force retired pay, and also any capital sum paid on or in respect of retirement or by way of commutation of a pension payable periodically;

" protectorate " means a British protectorate;

"salary", in relation to service in the home or oversea civil service, includes emoluments which are taken into account for the purposes of any pension (other than a pension under this Act);

" service in the home civil service " means service in respect of which a pension may be granted under the Superannuation Acts;

" service in the oversea civil service " means service in any office under the Government of any country which is, or was at the time of the service, an oversea territory or a mandated territory, being service qualifying for a pension payable out of public revenue, out of any fund established by the Government of that country, or out of the fund formed under the Oversea Superannuation Scheme;

Annual statement of pensions granted under Act.

Orders.

Interpretation.

1008

Ch. 62

Governors' Pensions Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

transitional

provisions.

"the Superannuation Acts" means the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1950;

"trust territory" means a territory administered by the Government of any part of Her Majesty's dominions under the trusteeship system of the United Nations;

" United Kingdom trust territory " means a trust territory administered by Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom;

and references to the Government of an oversea territory include references to a Government constituted for two or more such territories and to any authority established for the purpose of providing or administering services which are common to, or relate to matters of common interest to, two or more such territories.

(2) References in this Act to pensions granted thereunder do not include pensions granted under section fourteen thereof.

(3) This Act shall be included among the enactments which may be applied by Order in Council under subsection (4) of section three of the Palestine Act, 1948 (which enables service under the Government of Palestine during the mandate to be treated for superannuation purposes as continuing after the relinquishment of the mandate).

18.—(1) Where the amount of a pension or gratuity granted under this Act to or in respect of a person who was serving as a Governor on the first day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty-five would be less if computed in accordance with section two or, as the case may be, section nine of this Act than if computed in accordance with the enactments repealed by the Governors’ Pensions Act, 1956, it shall be computed in accordance with those enactments notwithstanding their repeal.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) This repeal shall not affect any pension or gratuity granted before the commencement of this Act, and any order made or thing done under the enactments repealed by this Act shall, if it could have been made or done under the corresponding provisions of this Act, have effect as if so made or done, and the order under the Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Act, 1929 extending the provisions of the Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Act, 1911 to the Tanganyika Territory shall have effect as if it were an order made under section one of this Act designating that territory for the purposes of that section.

1957

Governors' Pensions , 1957

Ch. 62

1009

(4) The mention of any particular matter in the last foregoing subsection shall not be taken to prejudice the general application to this Act of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

19. This Act may be cited as the Governors’ Pensions Short title. Act. 1957.

SCHEDULE Section is.

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 24. The Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Act, 1911. The whole Act.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 16. The Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Act, 1929. The whole Act.

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 25. The Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Act, 1936. The whole Act.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 12. The Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Act, 1947. The whole Act.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 44. The Superannuation Act, 1949 In section sixty-three, in subsection (2), the words 44 or of the Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Acts, 1911 to 1947’* and the words 44 or service as a Governor within the meaning of the last-mentioned Acts’*.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 64. The Governors* Pensions Act, 1956. The whole Act.

COO

﻿1010

Ch. 62, 63

Government Pensions Act, 1957 5 & 6 2

Issue of £2,714,863,319 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March, 1958.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Interpretation Act, 1889 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Act, 1911 1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 24.

Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Act, 1929 19 &20 Geo. 5. c. 16.

Superannuation Act, 1935 25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 23.

Palestine Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 27.

Superannuation Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 44.

Governors* Pensions Act, 1956 4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 64.

CHAPTER 63

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-eight and to appropriate the supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[1st August, 1957]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

VJJ 7E, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the yY Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, is this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-eight, the sum of two thousand seven hundred and fourteen million, eight hundred and sixty-three thousand, three hundred and nineteen pounds.

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1011

2.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the Power for the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England to

and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the borrow* credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole two thousand seven hundred and fourteen million, eight hundred and sixty-three thousand, three hundred and nineteen pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-eight, and section six

of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of 40 & 41 Vict bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills. c*2-

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with any interest payable thereon, out of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned Appropriation in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated sums ^oted Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty J^vices. amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of four thousand five hundred and forty-five million, nine hundred and fourteen thousand, five hundred and forty-one pounds are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the said sums granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed, under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to 54 & 55 Vict be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services c. 24. and purposes specified in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

1012

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Buz. 2

Sanction of 4.—(1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on Navy, Army,

and Air Services respectively is not made to exceed the aggregate application of 8ums appropriated by this Act for those services respectively, surpluses on any surplus arising on any vote for those services either by an certain votes excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act " as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure to meet* on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be tem-deficiendes on porarily applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums ?thcU°te8 realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote fMMthe same same department, or in defraying expenditure in the same department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the Navy, Army, and Air Services for Che year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under tins section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

Sanction for 5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the application of Appropriation Act, 1955, the Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1955 and the Appropriation Act, 1956, surpluses arising on certain Army and Air votes for Navy, Army and Air Services have been applied Votes for towards making good deficits on those services respectively as

!9f575£. , shown in the statements set out in Schedule (Q to this Act:

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. v

c. 16. It is enacted that the application of those surpluses as shown

4 A^ EUz 2 statements is hereby sanctioned,

c. 55.

Declaration

required

before

receipt of

instalments

on certain

pensions.

6. Subject to such exemptions as may be provided by or under rules made by the Treasury by statutory instrument, a person shall not receive any payment out of moneys provided by Parliament for half-pay or navy, army, air-force or civil non-effective services unless, in relation to that payment, the declaration prescribed by such rules has been made, by the recipient or such other person as may be provided as aforesaid, before a person of such description as may be prescribed by the rules or (where it is so required by an authority so prescribed) before a person determined by that authority in accordance with the rules, and the declaration is supported by any declaration required by or under the rules to be made by a person of such a description, or a person determined, as aforesaid.

[Short title.] 7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1957.

1957

Appropriation Act, 1957

Ch. 63

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A) and (B) to which this Act refers

SCHEDULE (A)

Section 3.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund 4,545,914,541

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriation of Grants Section 3.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £ s. .

1955-56 and 1956-57

Part 1. Civil (Excesses), 1955-56 30 1,138,951 6 9

Part 2. Ministry of Defence (Sup-

plementary), 1956-57 1,650,000 —

Part 3. Navy (Supplementary),

1956-57 11,000,000 5,000,000 0 0

Part 4. Army (Supplementary),

1956-57 39,000,000 75,000 0 0

Part 5. Air (Supplementary),

1956-57 10 —

Part 6. Civil and Revenue

Departments (Supple-

mentary), 1956-57 ... 101,478,182 10,005,851 0 0

£ 153,128,222 16,219,802 6 9

1014

Ch. 63

Appropriation Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriation of Grants—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £ s. .

1957-58

Part 7. Ministry of Defence ... 17,634,000 1,658,500 0 0

Part 8. Navy 316,000,000 70,400,000 0 0

Part 9. Army 401,400,100 112,080,000 0 0

Part 10. Air 487,650,000 107,713,100 0 0

Total, Defence ...£ 1,222,684,100 291,851,600 0 0

Part 11. Civil, Class I 16,426,761 10,997,203 0 0

Part 12. Civil, Class II 87,086,601 2,619,812 0 0

Part 13. Civil, Class III 94,520,927 11,601,830 0 0

Part 14. Civil, Class IV 478,982,694 34,022,571 0 0

Part 15. Civil, Class V 779,194,548 112,333,210 0 0

Part 16. Civil, Class VI 279,501,528 97,372,390 0 0

Part 17. Civil, Class VII 78,409,010 17,663,510 0 0

Part 18. Civil, Class VII 299,762,409 23,025,515 0 0

Part 19. Civil, Class IX 202,708,986 18,658,820 0 0

Part 20. Civil, Class X 474,903,325 25,203,710 0 0

Total, Civil ...£ 2,791,496,789 353,498,571 0 0

Part 21. Revenue Departments ... 378,605,430 23,432,690 0 0

Grand Total ...£ 4,545,914,541 685,002,663 6 9

1957

Appropriation Act, 1957

Ch. 63

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of March, 1956-

Under Act 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 10 30

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of March, 1957—

Under Act 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 7 39,000,000

Under Act 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 10 114,128,192

For the service of the year ending on the 31st day of March, 1958—

Under Act 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 10 Under this Act 1,677,923,000 2,714,863,319

Total £4,545,914,541

1016

Cil 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Scp5tl®' SCHEDULE (B).—Part 1

Civil

1955-56. Civil (Excesses), 1955-56

Sums granted, and sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to make good excesses on certain grants for Civil Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1956, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

Class IV

£ s. . £ s. .

Vote

4. Imperial War Museum 10 0 0 121 14 10

Class VI

9. Ministry of Supply 10 0 0 1,136,039 4 9

Class VII

10. Stationery and Printing 10 0 0 2,790 7 2

Total, Civil (Excesses),

1955-56- - - -£ 30 0 0 1,138,951 6 9

1957

Appropriation Act, 1957

Ch. 63

1017

SCHED. (BX

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 2 Part 2.

Ministry of

Defence

Ministry of Defence (Supplementary), 1956-57 ^tuy).

Schedulb of Supplementary Sum granted to defray the charge of 1956-57. the Ministry of Defence for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1957, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Defence; expenses in connection with International Defence Organisations, including international subscriptions; and a grant in aid of certain expenses incurred in the United Kingdom by the Govern- £ £

ment of the United States of America £ 1,650,000

1018

SCHED. (B). PUt 3. Navy (Supplementary), 1956-57.

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957 SCHEDULE (B).—Part 3

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Navy (Supplementary), 1956-57

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1957, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 1. Pay, Ac., of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines- - £ Cr. 425,000 £ * —75fi00

2. Victualling and Clothing for the Navy 900,000 * -400,000

4. Civilians employed on Fleet Services 400,000 —

5. Educational Services - 75,000 —

6. Scientific Services - 1,350,000 50,000

7. Royal Naval Reserves- 50,000 —

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs and Maintenance, &c.— Section 1—Personnel - 2,600,000 650,000

Section II—Materiel - 4,250,000 400,000

Section ID—Contract Work - 1,950,000 1,700,000

9. Naval Armaments ... 1,000,000 1,000,000

10. Works, Buildings and Repairs at Home and Abroad - Cr. 1,350,000 1,250,000

11. Miscellaneous Effective Services - — 150,000

12. Admiralty Office - 600,000 —

13. Non-Effective Services Cr. 400,000 25,000

15. Additional Married Quarters — 250,000

Total, Navy (Supplementary), 1956-57 -£ 11,000,000 5,000,000

Deficit

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1019

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4

Army (Supplementary), 1956-57

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1957, viz.:—

Sched. (B). Part 4. Army (Supplementary), 1956-57.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 1. Pay, &c., of the Army £ 2,740,000 £ 2,100,000

2. Reserve Forces, Territorial Army, Home Guard and Cadet Forces 450,000 * -200,000

3. War Office 280,000 —

4. Civilians - 4,670,000 1,600,000

5. Movements .... 14,000,000 800,000

6. Supplies, Ac. 1,700,000 600,000

7. Stores 16,650,000 •-5,000,000

8. Works, Buildings and Lands Cr. 2,550,000 650,000

9. Miscellaneous Effective Services - 310,000 —

10. Non-Effective Services 750,000 —

11. Additional Married Quarters — * -475,000

Total, Army (Supplementary), 1956-57 £ 39,000,000 75,000

• Deficit

r

1020

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Elk. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 5.

Air

(Supple-

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5

Am (Supplementary), 1956-57

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Air Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1957, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Vote

9. Miscellaneous Effective Services - 10 —

Total, Air (Supplementary),

1956-57 £ 10 —

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1021

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6

Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1956-57

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1957, viz.:—

Sched. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1 1956-57.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

CIVIL Class I Vote 1. For the salaries and expenses of the £ £

House of Lords -2. For the expenses of the House of 3,872 1,516

Commons, including a grant in aid - 4. For the salaries and other expenses in the Department of Her Majesty’s Treasury and subordinate departments, the additional salary payable to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and the salary and expenses of the Minister without Port-folio 5. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Most 24,330 1,680

64,000 16,000

Honourable Privy Council - 7. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and 871 205

Wales 8. For the salaries and expenses of the 4,485 *-135

Civil Service Commission 9. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Comptroller and 7,550 3,910

Auditor General - - - - 17,000 10,200

Carried forward £ • Deficit. 122,108 33,376

1022

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1956-57.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriation* in Aid

122,108

33,376

Class I—continued

Vote

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies -

5,000

200

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Actuary

5,300

1,140

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Chemist

17,000

225

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

Royal Mint, including the withdrawal of coin from circulation, the purchase of metals and production of coinages, medals, badges, dies for postage and other stamps, and Her Majesty’s seals -

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office and Pensions Commutation Board -

10

971,240

1,345

2,975

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Savings Committee - - 222,500

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments 10

7,800

19. For the salaries and other expenses of Royal Commissions, committees, special inquiries, &c., including provision for shorthand - - -

30,000

21.

For the purchase and sale of silver and for handling, storage and shipping charges relating thereto -

Carried forward - £

105,000

508,273

1,016,956

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1023

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class I—continued

Vote

23b. For the payment to the Foreign Compensation Commission of a sum received from the Government of Czechoslovakia in 1954 and paid into the Exchequer -

24. For the salaries and expenses of the

Office of the Secretary of State for Scotland and of the Scottish Home Department, and the salary of a Minister of State; grants and expenses in connection with services relating to children and young persons and with probation services; grants in connection with school crossing patrols, physical training, coast protection and services in development areas; a grant to the Legal Aid (Scotland) Fund; expenses, including subsidies, in connection with certain transport services; grants to electricity undertakings in connection with civil defence measures; and sundry other services, including a grant in aid

25. For the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Record Office -

Class II

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, including Her Majesty’s Missions and Consulates abroad, and the salaries of two Ministers of State -

Carried forward

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

Supply

Giants

lApproprMoc.

508,273

428,929

10

2,120

350,000

1,289,332

1,016,956

7,000

460

80,000

1,104,416

1024

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriataopa in Aid

£ £

Brought forward ... 1,289,332 1,104,416

Class n—continued Vote 2. For sundry grants and services connected with Her Majesty’s Foreign Service, including subscriptions to international organisations and grants in aid 917,893

4. For subscriptions to the United Nations and towards the expenses of the United Nations Emergency Force and for a grant in aid of technical assistance for economic development 140,000

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations, including oversea establishments 65,700 7,500

6. For sundry Commonwealth services, including subscriptions to certain international organisations and certain grants in aid; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in the Republic of Ireland; a grant to the Republic of Ireland in respect of compensation to transferred officers; and certain expenditure in connection with former Burma services 10

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies, and the salary of the Minister of State for Colonial Affairs ... - 77,810 2,730

Carried forward £ 2,490,745 1,114,646

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1025

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

Vote

9.

11.

1.

3.

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 2,490,745 £ 1,114,646

Class II—continued

For sundry Colonial services, including subscriptions to certain international organisations and grants in aid; and certain expenditure in connection with the liabilities of the former Government of Palestine 1,937,358 •-7,980

In respect of schemes made under the Colonial Development and Welfare Acts for the development of the resources of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, and of the South African High Commission Territories, and the welfare of their peoples 280,000

Class III

For the salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department and Minister for Welsh Affairs and subordinate offices; grants towards the expenses of the probation of offenders, of magistrates’ courts and of school crossing patrols; certain grants in aid; and sundry other services 1,214,250 39,500

For expenses in connection with the police services in England and Wales, including the cost of inspection and training; grants in respect of expenditure incurred by police authorities; a subscription to the International Criminal Police Commission; and fees to deputy metropolitan magis-trates 1,224,000 *-9,400

Carried forward £ 7,146,353 1,142,766

• Deficit.

SCHED. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

2 K

1026

Ch. 63

Appropriation Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

Sched. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1956-57.

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class HI—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriation in Aid

7,146,353

1,142,766

Vote

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Prison Commissioners and of prisons, Borstal institutions and detention centres in England and Wales

5. For grants in respect of the expenses

of managers of approved schools in England and Wales; grants to local authorities in respect of their expenditure in connection with the care and welfare of children and young persons; grants towards the expenses of voluntary homes; and expenses in connection with training in child care

117,000

*-245000

463,750

55,000

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Carlisle State Management District including the cost of provision and management of licensed premises -

8. For such of the salaries and expenses

of the Supreme Court of Judicature, Court of Criminal Appeal and Courts-Martial Appeal Court as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of the Judge Advocate General and the Judge Advocate of the Fleet, Pensions Appeal Tribunals, and the Lands Tribunal; payments to jurors, and trial of election petitions -

10

22,939

76,790

86,500

9.

For salaries and expenses in connection with the County Courts -

10

136,730

Carried forward -

£ 7,750,062

1,232,786

•Deficit

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1027

Vote

13.

16.

17.

20.

21.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 7,750,062 £ 1,252,786

Class HI—continued

For the salaries and expenses of the Law Officers’ Department; the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Procurator-General and Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty’s Treasury, and of the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; and the costs of prosecutions and other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency 71,600 14,000

For the salary and expenses of the Inspector of Constabulary, the cost of special services, and grants in respect of police expenditure in Scotland 81,700 4,000

For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish prisons and Borstal institutions, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics 93,600 •-15,650

For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts in Scotland, including the cost of provision and management of licensed premises 10 16,390

For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s Department and other law charges, including the provision of free legal assistance, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice, of the office of the Scottish Land Court and of Pensions Appeal Tribunals - 24,000 14,000

Carried forward £ 8,020,972 1,285,526

* Deficit

SCHED. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1956-57.

2K2

1028

Ch. 63

Appropriation Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCBED. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

DtS

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

mentary),

1956-57.

CIVIL—continued

Vote

22.

Brought forward -

Class HI—continued

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registers of Scotland

23. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in Northern Ireland; and other expenses, including certain expenses in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, trial of election petitions and a grant in aid

Class IV

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, a subscription to an international organisation, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for youth welfare - - - -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

British Museum, including a grant in aid

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

British Museum (Natural History) -

Carried forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Giants

Appropriation* in Aid

8,020,972

10

1,285,526

8,607

751 400

7,931,000 •-63,000

21,333 2,050

21,500 100

15,995,566 1,233,683

' Deficit

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1029

Vote

4.

6.

7.

8.

9.

11.

12.

13.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 15,995,566 1,233,683

Class IV—continued

For the salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Museum, including a grant in aid 10 833

For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, including a grant in aid 3,600

For the salaries and expenses of the Tate Gallery, Millbank, including a grant in aid 3,118

For the salaries and expenses of the National Maritime Museum, including a grant in aid - 3,539 36

For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid 1,000

For grants in aid to certain institutions and bodies concerned with science, learning and the arts, and for other services in connection therewith, including a loan .... 10

For a grant in aid of the expenses of universities, colleges, &c., in Great Britain, and for the cost of certain post-graduate studentships 1,060,000

For grants and grants in aid to the British Broadcasting Corporation - 451,500 5,500

Carried forward -£ 17,518,343 1,240,052

Sched. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

1030

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

(Supple-

mentary),

1956-57.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Sums not

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

17,518,343

1,240,052

Class IV—continued

Vote

14. For public education in Scotland, including grants in aid and other payments into the Education (Scotland) Fund; for grants in aid and expenses in connection with the

Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh; for the education of Poles; and for other educational services - - 1,113,000

17. For the salaries and expenses of the National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid 1,798

Class V

43,800

2. For grants and other payments in respect of the provision, reconditioning, maintenance and improvement of housing accommodation, and services in relation to emergency housing, in England and Wales

10

239,000

4.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health and the Board of Control; expenses in connection with welfare food services and food hygiene; expenditure on the Polish health services; measures for civil defence; port health administration; residential accommodation for the aged, infirm, &c.; purchases on repayment for other Government Departments; and sundiy other services, including a subscription to the World Health Organisation

Carried forward - - -£

1,240,000 165,000

19,873,151 I 1,687,852

1957

Appropriation , 1957

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

Ch. 63

1031

CIVIL—continued

Sums not exceeding

SCBED. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

Supply

Grants

Appropriations

in Aid mentaiy).

1956-57.

Brought forward

- 19,873,151

1,687,852

Class V—continued

Vote

5. For the provision of a comprehensive health service for England and Wales and other services connected therewith, including medical services for pensioners, &c., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939, the treatment abroad of respiratory tuberculosis, certain training arrangements, the purchase of appliances, equipment, stores, &c., necessary for the services, and certain expenses in connection with civil defence

24,584,500

975,600

6. For a grant in aid of the Medical

Research Council, and for a grant to the Council in respect of research schemes under Conditional Aid arrangements

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Registrar General

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

Central Land Board ...

10

19,500

66,000

3,387

18,700

9. For the salaries and expenses of the War Damage Commission

48,000

38,500

10.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for Scotland and the General Board of Control for Scotland; for expenses in connection with welfare food services and food hygiene; for grants and other expenses in connection with water and sewerage services, town and country planning and the creation of new towns; and for certain expenses in connection with civil defence and other services

177,000

23,850

Carried forward -

44,768,161

2,747,889

1032

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1956-57.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

13.

14.

1.

CIVIL—continued

Vote

11.

Brought forward -Class V—continued

For the provision of a comprehensive health service for Scotland and other services connected therewith, including medical services for pensioners, &c., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939, the treatment abroad of respiratory tuberculosis, certain training arrangements, the purchase of appliances, equipment, stores &c., necessary for the services, certain expenses in connection with civil defence, and sundry other services

For Exchequer Grants to local authorities in Scotland -

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland

Class VI

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and subordinate departments, and the Monopolies Commission

For the expenditure of the Board of Trade on assistance and subsidies to certain industries, and on trading and other services; including a grant to British Industries Fair, Limited, in excess of the sum guaranteed by the Treasury under the British Industries Fair (Guarantees and Grants) Act, 1954, subscriptions to international organisations and grants in aid

Carried forward -

* Deficit

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropratioos in Aid

44,768,161

2,747,889

2,288,200

1,660,000

947

200,000

516

219,400

220,900

10

*—23 £00

-£l 48,936,718

3,145,805

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1033

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

7.

8.

CIVIL—continued

Vote

4.

6.

Brought forward -Class VI—continued

For services in Development Areas - For the salaries and expenses of the Export Credits Guarantee Department, including a subscription to an international organisation, and for payments under guarantees given after consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council - For payments under Special Guarantees given in the national interest by the Board of Trade on which consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council is not required - For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and National Service, including expenses in connection with employment exchanges and the inspection of factories; expenses, including grants and loans, in connection with employment services, training, transfer, rehabilitation and resettlement; expenses in connection with national service; repayment of loan charges in respect of employment schemes; expenses of the Industrial Court and the Industrial Disputes Tribunal; a subscription to the International Labour Organisation; and sundry

other services

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Supply for the administration of supply (including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal, and capital and ancillary services related thereto); for administrative services in connection with the aircraft, light metals and electronics industries; and for miscellaneous services -

Carried forward -

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid 1956-37.

48,936,718

600,000

10

10

183,000

8,500,000

£1 58,219,738

3,145,805

1,216,758

299,990

587,000

4,050,000

9,299,553 2 K*

1034

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCBED. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

1956-5ll

CIVIL—continued

Vote

Brought forward -Class VI—continued

11. For the expenses of operating the Royal Ordnance Factories

1.

3.

4.

8.

9.

Class VII

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Works -

For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in the United Kingdom, including a grant in aid, and sundry other services

For expenditure in respect of public buildings overseas -

For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the Crown for the public service, and certain public buildings occupied in part, on repayment, by non-Exchequer bodies; for rates on buildings occupied by representatives of other Commonwealth countries and of foreign powers; and for the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department

For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the public service; for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of parliamentary debates

10.

12,500

For the salaries and expenses of the Central Office of Information -

Carried forward - - £| 64,007,238

* Deficit

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

lAppropnatioai

58,219,738

2,600,000

200,000

480,000

275,000

9,299,553

•-2JSOJOOOO

1,300,000

920,000

18,000

*-226,500

*-410flOO

*-175,000

525,000

20,000

6,301,053

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1035

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—

2.

3.

CIVIL—continued

Vote

1.

Brought forward -Class VIII

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food; of County Agricultural Executive Committees; of the Agricultural Land Commission; of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew; and of the White Fish Authority and the Scottish Committee thereof - For the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food for grants and subsidies to farmers and others for the encouragement of food production and the improvement of agriculture; for payments and services in implementation of agricultural price guarantees; and for certain other subsidies and services (Revised sum) - For the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, for grants, grants in aid and expenses in connection with agricultural and food services; including land drainage and rehabilitation of land damaged by flood and tempest; purchase, development and management of land, including land settlement and provision of smallholdings; services in connection with livestock, and compensation for slaughter of diseased animals; provision and operation of machinery; training and supplementary labour schemes; control of pests; education, research and advisory services; marketing; agricultural credits; certain trading services; subscriptions to international organisations; and sundry other services including certain expenses in connection with civil defence

Carried forward - - -£

• Deficit

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

64,007,238

900,000

15,600,000

(Supple*

'gga/t

6,301,053

35,000

3,793,556

84,300,794

*-183,300

6,152,753 2 K* 2

1036

Ch. 63

Appropriation Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULE (B)—Part 6—continued

Sched. (B).

Part 6.

Revenue CIVIL—continued

Departments (Supple-

Brought forward -Class VIII—continued

Vote

5. For financial assistance to fishermen and for research and development in connection with fisheries and fish marketing; including grants and loans to the White Fish Authority; a grant in aid of the White Fish Marketing Fund; subscriptions to international organisations; and grants and loans towards the construction, improvement and repair of harbours and fishing

facilities

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Crown Estate Commissioners -

3. For a grant in aid of the Agricultural Research Fund -

11. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Agriculture for Scotland and the Crofters Commission; for grants and subsidies to farmers and others for the encouragement of food production and the improvement of agriculture; for certain payments in implementation of agricultural price guarantees; and for grants, grants in aid and expenses in connection with services to agriculture; including land drainage and flood services; purchase, improvement and management of land; land settlement; public works in the congested districts and roads in other livestock rearing areas; services in connection with livestock and compensation for slaughter of diseased animals; provision and operation of machinery; training and labour schemes; control of pests; agricultural education, research and advisory services; marketing; and agricultural credits -

Carried forward -£

•Deficit

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

84,300,794 6,152,753

879.000

10,779

66,000

319.000

544,029 86,119,602 I 6,138,153

1957

Appropriation 1957

Ch. 63

1037

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

1.

3.

CIVIL—continued

Vote

13.

Brought forward -Class VIII—continued

For Scottish fisheries and the United Kingdom herring industry: including the salaries and expenses of the fisheries staff of the Scottish Home Department, and of the Herring Industry Board and Advisory Council; grants, loans and expenses in connection with assistance to fishermen, fishery protection, research and development relating to fisheries and fish marketing, and the construction, improvement, maintenance and repair of harbours and fishing facilities; and a grant in aid of the Herring Marketing Fund

Class IX

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation, including the salaries and expenses of the Coastguard, the Transport and Transport Arbitration Tribunals, and the Air Transport Advisory Council, subscriptions to international organisations, and sundry other services -

For expenses, including war terminal expenses, in connection with the provision and use of ships for trooping, emigration and other purposes; and in respect of miscellaneous services connected with shipping, seamen, inland transport and ports, including the repair of damage by flood and tempest, and certain special services -

Carried forward -

•Deficit

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

Supply

Grants

Appropriations

in Aid 1956-57.

86,119,602

49,950

1,213,300

10

-£| 87,382,862

6,138,153

1,200

*-346,850

5,792,503

1038

Ch. 63

Appropriation Act, 1957

5 & 6EUZ.2

Civil and Revenue

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

Cl VIL— continued

Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriation in Aid

87,382,862

5,792^03

Class DC—continued

Vote

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Power, loans for the installation of fuel-saving equipment, a grant in respect of coal-mining subsidence damage, assistance to gas and electricity services in Development Areas, expenses in connection with the nationalisation of the coal and gas industries and in connection with the recovery of scrap metal

1,193,120

•- 6JOO

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Lord President of the Council (Atomic Energy) and for grants and loans to the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority in connection with the supply of atomic energy and radioactive substances, including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto -

3,735,000

385,000

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including certain subscriptions to international organisations

10

89,728

Class X

2.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions and National Insurance, including certain expenses in connection with national insurance, industrial injuries insurance, family allowances, workmen’s compensation, war pensions, a subscription to an international organisation and sundry other services -

308,980

1,679,430

Carried forward -

92,619,972

7,940,361

•Deficit

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1039

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

CIVIL—continued

Sums not exceeding

Brought forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 92,619,972

7,940,361

SCHED. (B). Part 6. Civil and Revenue

Class X—continued

rote

3. For payments in respect of pensions, gratuities and allowances for disablement or death arising out of war, or out of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939; sundry contributions in respect thereof; grants to ex-prisoners-of-war and other persons and bodies in respect of the distribution of Japanese assets in the United Kingdom and other countries and of proceeds of the sale of the Burma-Siam Railway; and other services, including payment of national service grants-

10

659,990

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the National Assistance Board and of certain Appeal Tribunals; non-contributory old age pensions, including pensions to blind persons; assistance grants; expenses of reception centres, &c.; and the maintenance of certain classes of Poles in Great Britain -

1,800,000

200,000

6.

For pensions and allowances to certain members of the former Indian and Burma Services and their dependants, and to certain judges; for related medical and miscellaneous expenses; for payments in respect of commutation of pensions; and for certain payments to the Governments of India and Pakistan connected with pensions

362,400

1,500

Carried forward

94,782,382

8,801,851

1040

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part L Civil and Revenue

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ t

Brought forward - 94,782,382 8,801,811

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS Vote 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs and Excise Department, including a subscription to an international organisation ... 1,059,800 89,000

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Inland Revenue Department - 1,900,000 82,000

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office, including telegraphs and telephones; and subscriptions to certain international organisations - 3,736,000 1,033,000

Total, Civil and Revenue Depart-

ments (Supplementary) 1956-57 -£ 101,478,182 10,005,851

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1041

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7 Sched. (B).

Part 7.

Ministry ot

Defence.

MINISTRY OF DEFENCE 1957-58.

Schedule of Sum granted, and of the sum which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charge of the Ministry of Defence, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry

of Defence; expenses in connection with International Defence Organisations, including international subscriptions; and certain grants in aid - - - -£ 17,634,000 1,658,500

1042

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 8.

Navy,

1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8

NAVY

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, including provision for officers, seamen, juniors and Royal Marines, and members of the Women’s Royal Naval Service and Queen Alexandra’s Royal Naval Nursing Service, to a number not exceeding 121,500, in addition to reserve forces, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 1. For the pay, &c., of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines - £ 61,559,000 £ 1,155,000

2. For victualling and clothing for the Navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad - 13,817,000 4,215,000

3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad - 1,569,000 34,000

4. For civilians employed on fleet services 8,643,000 33,000

5. For educational services - 1,363,000 230,000

6. For scientific services, including a grant in aid to the National Institute of Oceanography, and a subscription to the International Hydrographic Bureau 17,031,000 1,608,000

7. For the Royal Naval Reserve, the Royal Fleet Reserve and the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve, &c. - 1,460,000 500

Carried forward -£ 105,442,000 7,275,500

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1043

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

NAVY—continued

Brought forward -

Vote

8.

Section I. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad ...

8. Section II. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad ....

8. Section III. For contract work on

shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c.

9. For naval armaments ...

10. For works, buildings and repairs at

home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants and other charges connected therewith

11. For various miscellaneous effective

services

12. For the Admiralty Office -

13. For non-effective services - - -

14. For the Directorate of Merchant Ship-

building and Repairs and certain miscellaneous expenses -

15. For certain additional married quarters

at home

Total, Navy Services

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

105,442,000

43.908.000

35.138.000

56.192.000

21.064.000

17.514.000

8,802,300

8,484,000

19.438.000

17,600

100

-£316,000,000

7,275,500

282,000

27.447.000

19.289.000 6,600,000

2,450,000

3,979,500

34,000

243,000

2,800,000

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Navy, 1957-58.

70,400,000

1044 Ch. 63 Appropriation Act, 1957 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9

Put 9.

Army,

1957-58. ARMY

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, including provision for Land Forces to a number not exceeding 443,000, all ranks, in addition to the Reserve Forces, Territorial Army, Home Guard, Cadet Forces and Malta Territorial Force, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For the pay, Ac., of the Army

Supply

Grants

92,730,000

Appropriations in Aid

52,900,000

2. For the Reserve Forces (to a number not exceeding 385,000, all ranks, including a number not exceeding

373.000, other ranks). Territorial Army (to a number not exceeding

285.000, all ranks), and Home Guard (to a number not exceeding 1,900, all ranks), Cadet Forces and Malta Territorial Force -

15,230,000

490,000

3. For the salaries, wages, Ac., of the civilian staff of the War Office

3,880,000

60,000

4. For civilians

5. For movements

- 90,830,000 2,360,000

- 32,000,000 2,010,000

6. For supplies, &c.

- 47,500,000

16,150,000

7. For stores

- 56,730,000

28,780,000

8. For works, buildings and land

- 31,570,000

5,930,000

9. For miscellaneous effective services, including a grant in aid to the Council of Voluntary Welfare Work

7,420,000

2,300,000

10.

11.

For non-effective services -

For certain additional married quar-

23,510,000

ters -Total, Army Services

100

-£401,400,100

350.000

750.000 112,080,000

ie

1957

Appropriation Actt 1957

Ch. 63.

1045

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10

AIR

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, including provision for officers, airmen and airwomen for Air Force Service to a number not exceeding 240,000, all ranks, in addition to reserve and auxiliary services, viz.:—

Vote

1. For the pay, Ac., of the Air Force -

2. For the reserve and auxiliary services

(to a number not exceeding 224,000, all ranks, for the Royal Air Force Reserve, and 9,000, all ranks, for the Royal Auxiliary Air Force) -

3. For the salaries, wages, Ac., of civilian

staff of the Air Ministry

4. For the salaries, wages, Ac., of civilians

at outstations

5. For movements -

6. For supplies

7. For aircraft and stores -

8. For works and lands ...

9. For miscellaneous effective services,

including certain grants in aid and a subscription to the World Meteorological Organisation -

10. For non-effective services -

11. For certain additional married quar-

ters

Total, Air Services -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

96,620,000

2,579,900

4.950.000

36.630.000

14.500.000

68.430.000 205,250,000

46,000,000

5.410.000

7.280.000

100

-£487,650,000

13,050,000

105,100

223.000

6.230.000

2.250.000

7.430.000

41.750.000

29.720.000

4.355.000

300.000

2.300.000

107,713,100

SCHED. (B\.

Put 10.

Air,

1957-58.

1046

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 11. Civil. Class 1. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11

CIVIL.—-Class I

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, viz.:—

Sums not

Vote

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

For the salaries and expenses of the House of Lords (including a Supplementary sum of £15,563) £ 171,377 £ 16,356

For the salaries and expenses of the House of Commons, including certain grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £226,814) - 1,419,951 5,764

For expenses in respect of the registration of electors - 620,000 —

For the salaries and other expenses in the Department of Her Majesty’s Treasury and subordinate departments, the additional salary payable to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the salaries and other expenses of his office arising from his responsibility for the co-ordination of official information, and the salary and expenses of the Minister without Portfolio 3,351,292 117,000

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council 34,417 1,850

For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales 109,039 2,700

For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission 469,550 59,000

Carried forward -£ 6,175,626 202,670

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1047

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11—continued

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 6,175,626 £ 202,670

Vote 8. Class I—continued For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Comptroller and Auditor General - 534,615 57,805

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies - 90,780 4,500

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Actuary 36,080 27,560

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Chemist 348,213 1,400

12. For a grant in aid of the Government Hospitality Fund - 55,000

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Royal Mint, including the withdrawal of coin from circulation, the purchase of metals and production of coinages, medals, badges, dies for postage and other stamps, and Her Majesty's seals 100 10,147,250

14. For the salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office and Pensions Commutation Board ... 100 46,560

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National Savings Committee - 1,207,450

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments 124,312 12^50

17. For the salaries of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commission and the expenses of the Commission 100 54,868

Carried forward - - -£ 8,572,376 10,554,863

SCBBD. (B). Part 11. Civil. Class I. 1957-58.

1048

Ch. 63

Appropriation Actt 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 11. CiviL Class I. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part \\—continued

CIVIL—continued Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

8.572,376

10,554,863

Class I—continued

Vote

18. For the salaries and other expenses of

Royal Commissions, committees, special inquiries, &c., including provision for shorthand -

19. For Her Majesty’s foreign and other

secret services - - -

20. For the expenses of handling, storage

and shipment of silver -

21. For the salaries and expenses of the

Tithe Redemption Commission

22. For certain miscellaneous expenses,

including certain grants in aid -

22a. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances

23. For the salaries and expenses of the

Office of the Secretary of State for Scotland and of the Scottish Home Department, and the salary of a Minister of State; grants and expenses in connection with services relating to children and young persons and with probation services; grants in connection with school crossing patrols, physical training, coast protection and services in development areas; a grant to the Legal Aid (Scotland) Fund; expenses, including subsidies, in connection with certain transport services; grants to electricity undertakings in connection with civil defence measures; and sundry other services, including a grant in aid

250,400

5,000,000

10,000

100

201,601

170,581

i

i

2,180,423

345,800

1,750

82,620

24.

For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish Record Office -

Total, Civil, Class I - -£

41,280

16,426,761

12,170

10,997,203

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1049

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12

CIVIL.—Class II

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, viz.:—

Sched. (B). Part 12.

GhriL Class n. 1957-58.

Vote

1.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, including Her Majesty's Missions and Consulates abroad, and the

salaries of two Ministers of State

15,211,750

1,709,000

2. For sundry grants and services connected with Her Majesty's Foreign Service, including subscriptions to international organisations and grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £706,715) -

15,738,595

509,849

3. For a grant in aid of the British Council

2,315,850

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations, including oversea establishments

2,307,000

56,900

5.

For sundry Commonwealth services, including subscriptions to certain international organisations and certain grants in aid; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in the Republic of Ireland; a grant to the Republic of Ireland in respect of compensation to transferred officers; and certain expenditure in connection with former Burma services (including a Supplementary sum of £21,000)

5,100,122

10,100

Carried forward -

40,673,317

2,285,849

1050

Ch. 63

Appropriation Act, 1957

5 &6EUZ.2

SCHED. (B).

Part 12.

CiviL Oass II. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12—continued

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 40,673,317

2^85,849

Class U—continued

Vote

6. For expenses connected with oversea settlement, including grants in aid

192,175

500

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies, and the salary of the Minister of State for Colonial Affairs - 1,436,474

8. For sundry Colonial services, including

subscriptions to certain international organisations and grants in aid; certain expenditure in connection with the liabilities of the former Government of Palestine and certain non-effective services - 23,685,393

36,085

294,378

9. For schemes made under the Colonial Development and Welfare Acts for the development of the resources of colonies, protectorates, protected states and trust territories, and the welfare of their peoples -

18,250,000

3,000

10. For schemes made under the Colonial Development and Welfare Acts for the development of the resources of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, and of the South African High Commission Territories, and the welfare of their peoples

1,700,000

11.

For certain expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land in the United Kingdom and a grant in aid -

1,149,242

Total, Civil, Class II

87,086,601

2,619,812

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1051

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13

CIVIL.—Class in Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 1. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices; grants towards the expenses of the probation of offenders, of magistrates’ courts and of school crossing patrols; certain grants in aid; and sundry other services (including a Supplementary £ £

sum of £2,850,000) - 2. For grants and expenses in connection with civil defence, including certain expenditure arising out of the war (including a Supplementary sum of 8,997,835 1,260,800

£10) 3. For expenses in connection with the police services in England and Wales, including the cost of inspection and training; grants in respect of expenditure incurred by police authorities, and a subscription to the Inter- 7,285,750 320,800

national Criminal Police Commission 4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Prison Commissioners and of prisons, Borstal institutions and detention centres in England and 43,287,650 289,880

Wales 5. For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools in England and Wales; grants to local authorities in respect of their expenditure in connection with die care and welfare of children and young persons; grants towards the expenses of voluntary homes; and expenses in 9,362,318 1,295,000

connection with training in child care 8,882,400 875,100

Carried forward -£ 77,815,953 4,041,580

Sched. (B). Part 13.

CiviL Class HI. 1957-58.

1052

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 13.

Civil. Class IU. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

- 77,815,953

Appropriations in Aid

4,041,580

Class HI—continued

Vote

6. For expenses in connection with the fire services in England and Wales, including the cost of inspection and training, and grants in respect of expenditure incurred by fire authorities; for certain superannuation and other expenses; and for remanet expenditure in connection with the National Fire Service, England and Wales

5,554,116

18,950

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Carlisle State Management District, including the cost of provision and management of licensed premises -

100

1,811,655

8. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature, Court of Criminal Appeal and Courts-Martial Appeal Court as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of the Judge Advocate General and the Judge Advocate of the fleet, Pensions Appeal Tribunals, the Lands Tribunal, and the Restrictive Practices Court; payments to jurors, trial of election petitions, and fees to deputy metropolitan magistrates

170,495

1,692,500

9. For salaries and expenses in connection with the County Courts - 408,060 1,468,750

10. For a grant to the Legal Aid Fund - 1,433,820 —

11. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Land Registry - 100 904.460

Carried forward -£ 85,382,644 9,937,895

1957

Appropriation Act, 1957

Ch. 63

1053

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13—continued

Sums not exceeding

CTVIL—continued

Brought forward

Supply

Grants

- 85,382,644

Appropriations in Aid

9,937,895

Class III—continued

Vote

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Public Trustee - 100

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Law

Officers* Department; the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Procurator-General and Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty’s Treasury, and of the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; and the costs of prosecutions and other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency 636,956

455,000

136,500

14. For certain miscellaneous legal ex-

penses 66,015

15. For grants and expenses in connection

with civil defence in Scotland, including certain expenditure arising out of the war - - - 536,583

13,100

16. For the salary and expenses of the Inspector of Constabulary, the cost of special services, and grants in respect of police expenditure in Scotland

4,616,046

17. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish prisons and Borstal institutions, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics

902,405

8,250

128,115

18.

For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools in Scotland

268,000

9,000

Carried forward -

-£l 92,408,749

10,687,860

SCHED. (BX Part 13.

Civil. Class m. 1957-58.

1054

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 13.

Civil Class m. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13—continued

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL—continued Brought forward -

Supply

Giants

- 92,408,749

Appropriations in Aid

10,687,860

Class in—continued

Vote

19. For expenses in connection with the

fire services in Scotland, including the cost of inspection and training, and grants in respect of expenditure incurred by fire authorities and joint fire committees; and for certain superannuation and other expenses 556,681

20. For the salaries and expenses of the

State Management Districts in Scotland, including the cost of provision and management of licensed premises 100

2^38

455,600

21. For the salaries and expenses of the

Lord Advocate’s Department and other law charges, including the provision of free legal assistance, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice, of the office of the Scottish Land Court and of Pensions Appeal Tribunals

22. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Registers of Scotland

314,004

100

261,075

170,517

23.

For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in Northern Ireland; and other expenses, including certain expenses in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, trial of election petitions and a grant in aid -

62,333

24,445

Carried forward -

-£ 93,341,967

11,601,735

1957

Appropriation Act, 1957

Ch. 63

1055

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13—continued

CTVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 93,341,967 £ 11,601,735

Class HI—continued Vote 24. For charges in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, and the expenses of management of guaranteed stocks and bonds issued For the purposes of Irish land purchase I 1,178,960 95

Total, Civil, Class III - -£ j 94,520,927 11,601,830

SCHED. (B). Part 13.

CSviL Class m. 1957-58.

1056

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 &6EUZ.2

Scueo. (B). Part 14.

Civil. Class IV. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14

CIVIL.—Class IV

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, viz.:—

Vote

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, a subscription to an international organisation, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for youth welfare - 355,803,737 29,490,250

For the salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including a grant in aid 585,846 54,380

For the salaries and expenses of the British Museum (Natural History), including a grant in aid - 391,134 2,500

For the salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Museum, including a grant in aid 48,086 2,500

For the salaries and expenses of the London Museum, including a grant in aid 32,103 50

For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, including a grant in aid 78,217 525

For the salaries and expenses of the Tate Gallery, including a grant in aid 59,563 325

Carried forward * -£ 356,998,686 29,550,530

1957

Appropriation Act, 1957

Ch. 63

1057

SCHEDULE (B).—Part \4—continued

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 356,998,686 £ 29,550,530

Class IV—continued Vote 8. For the salaries and expenses of the National Maritime Museum, including a grant in aid - 57,485 95

9. For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid - - - 29,010 2,700

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection - 36,518 4,000

11. For grants in aid to certain institutions and bodies concerned with science, learning and the arts, and for other services in connection therewith, including a loan - 1,656,395 50

12. For a grant in aid of the expenses of universities, colleges, &c., in Great Britain; for a grant to universities in respect of the cost of certain medical school accommodation; and for the cost of certain post-graduate studentships 39,844,990 10

13. For grants to and grants in aid of the British Broadcasting Corporation and the Independent Television Authority 30,849,000 246,000

14. For public education in Scotland, in-

cluding grants in aid and other payments into the Education (Scotland) Fund; for grants in aid and expenses in connection with the Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh; for the education of Poles; and for other educational services - 49,397,051 4,211,409

Carried forward - - -£ 478,869,135 34,014,794

SCHED. (B). Part 14.

Civil. Class IV. 1957-58.

2 L

1058

Ch. 63

Appropriation Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 14.

Civil. Class IV. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

- 478,869,135

I

Appropriations in Aid

34,014,794

Class IV—continued

Vote

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, Scotland, and the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, including certain grants in aid

39,751

2,690

16. For the salaries and expenses of the National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland, including a grant in aid -

18,762

70

17.

For the salaries and expenses of the National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid ....

55,046

5,017

Total, Civil, Class IV -

- £478,982,694

34,022,571

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1059

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15 Sched. (B).

Part 15. Civil, j

Class V. j

1957-58.

CIVIL.—Class V

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March, 1958, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Housing and Local Government, Rent Control Tribunals, Local Valuation Panels and Courts, and the National Parks Commission; grants and other expenses in connection with water supply, sewerage, coast protection, flood emergency, abating the pollution of the air, and certain civil defence services; grants and other payments in connection with planning and redevelopment, town development, new towns, national parks, &c.; a contribution to the Ironstone Restoration Fund; and sundry other services -

21,879,630

669,000

2. For grants and other payments in respect of the provision, reconditioning, maintenance and improvement of housing accommodation, and services in relation to emergency housing in England and Wales -

63,893,710

2,258,010

3.

For Exchequer Equalisation Grants to local authorities in England and Wales

Carried forward - - -£

89,768,000

175,541,340 | 2,927,010

2 L 2

1060

Ch. 63

Appropriation Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 15.

Civil. Class V. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—

Vote

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class V—continued

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health and the Board of Control; expenses in connection with welfare food services and food hygiene; expenditure on the Polish health services; port health administration; residential accommodation for the aged, infirm, &c.; purchases on repayment for other Government Departments; and sundry other services, including a subscription to the World Health Organisation -

For the provision of a comprehensive health service for England and Wales and other services connected therewith, including payments to Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man, medical services for pensioners, &c., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939, certain training arrangements including a grant in aid, the purchase of appliances, equipment, stores, &c., necessary for the services, and certain expenses in connection with civil defence (Revised sum)

For a grant in aid of the Medical Research Council -

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General

For the salaries and expenses of the Central Land Board -

For the salaries and expenses of the War Damage Commission

Smm Tin# CXCCOiiDg

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants

175,541,340

Carried forward -

27,762,610

477,876,365

2,718,000

396,603

128,500

616,000

in Aid

2,927,010

4,827,300

•£1685,039,418 100,577,090

92,423,450

318,130

1,200

80,000

1957

Appropriation Act, 1957

Ch. 63

1061

Vote

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part \5—continued

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 685,039,418 100,577,090

Class V—continued For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for Scotland and the General Board of Control for Scotland; for expenses in connection with welfare food services and food hygiene; for grants and other expenses in connection with water and sewerage services, abating the pollution of the air, town and country planning, and the creation of new towns; and for certain expenses in connection with civil defence and other services 5,490,470 606,000

For the provision of a comprehensive health service for Scotland and other services connected therewith, including medical services for pensioners, &c., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939, certain training arrangements, the purchase of appliances, equipment, stores, &c., necessary for the services, certain expenses in connection with civil defence, and sundry other services (Revised sum) - 58,464,380 10,762,800

For grants and other payments in respect of the provision, reconditioning, maintenance and improvement of housing accommodation in Scotland 15,167,980 376,720

For Exchequer Grants to local authorities in Scotland - 14,975,000

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland 57,300 10,600

Total, Civil, Class V - -£ 779,194,548 112,333,210

SCHED. (B).

Part 15.

CiviL Class V. 1957-58

1062

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Sched.(B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16

Part 16.

Civil.

Class VI.

1957-58. CIVIL.—Class VI

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, viz.:—

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and subordinate departments, the Monopolies Commission, and the Performing Right Tribunal

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

4,682,905

2,153,130

2. For the expenditure of the Board of Trade on assistance and subsidies to certain industries, and on trading and other services; including a grant to British Industries Fair, Limited, in excess of the sum guaranteed by the Treasury under the British Industries Fair (Guarantees and Grants) Act, 1954, and subscriptions to international organisations and grants in aid

1,854,510

89,700

3. For expenditure of the Board of Trade in connection with the procurement, maintenance and adjustment of strategic reserves -

1,923,000

2,905,000

4. For services in Development Areas

3,771,550

5.

For financial assistance to industrial undertakings in Development Areas, including remanet expenditure in respect of similar assistance in former Special Areas -

Carried forward - - -£

257,510

12,489,475

5,147,830

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1063

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16—continued

Sums not exceeding

Cl VIL—continued

Brought forward -

Class VI—continued

Vote

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Export Credits Guarantee Department, including a subscription to an international organisation, and for payments under guarantees given after consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council -

Supply

Grants

12,489,475

Appropriations in Aid

5,147,830

100

8,349,660

SCHED. (B).

Part 16.

Civil. Class VI. 1957-58.

7. For payments under Special Guarantees given in the national interest by the Board of Trade on which consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council is not required and for interest payments in connection therewith

100

683,900

8. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Registrar of Restrictive Trading Agreements - - -

110,853

9.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and National Service, including expenses in connection with employment exchanges and the inspection of factories; expenses, including grants and loans, in connection with employment services, training, transfer, rehabilitation and resettlement; expenses in connection with national service; repayment of loan charges in respect of employment schemes; expenses of the Industrial Court and the Industrial Disputes Tribunal; a subscription to the International Labour Organisation; and sundry other services

Carried forward - - -£

20,401,000 3,691,000

33,001,528 17,872,390

le

1064

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 16.

CiviL Class VI. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

33,001,528

17,872,390

Vote

10.

Class VI—continued

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Supply for the administration of supply (including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto); for administrative services in connection with the aircraft, light metals and electronics industries; and for miscellaneous services

I

230,600,000

45,050,000

11. For expenditure of the Ministry of Supply on the supply of munitions, aircraft, electronics equipment, common-user and other articles for the Government service, and on miscellaneous supply

6,000,000

12.

For the expenses of operating the Royal Ordnance Factories

Total, Civil, Class VI - -£

9,900,000 34,450,000 279,501,528 97,372,390

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch* 63

1065

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17

CIVIL.—Class VII

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 1. For the salaries and expenses of the £ £

Ministry of Works -2. For expenditure in respect of Houses 7,590,525 4,152,970

of Parliament buildings - 3. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in the United Kingdom, including a grant in aid, and 370,700 2,100

sundry other services 4. For expenditure in respect of public 30,483,725 6,361,250

buildings overseas -5. For expenditure in respect of Royal 2,356,000 100,000

Palaces, including a grant in aid 6. For expenditure in respect of Royal 533,800 37,700

parks and pleasure gardens (including a Supplementary sum of £10) - * 7. For grants and expenses in connection with historic buildings and ancient 809,610 115,490

monuments, including a grant in aid 8. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the Crown for the public service, and certain public buildings occupied in part, on repayment, by non-Exchequer bodies; for rates on buildings occupied by representatives of other Commonwealth countries and of foreign powers; and for the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property 1,014,500 192,000

Department 18,460,350 1,080,000

Carried forward - - -£ 61,619,210 12,041,510

2 L*

SCHED. (B) Part 17.

Civil. Class VII. 1957-58.

1066

Ch. 63

Appropriation Act, 1957

5 & 6Euz.2

SCHED. (B).

Part 17.

Civil. Class VII. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part \1—continued

Vote

9.

10.

11.

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants

Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 61,619,210 £ 12,041,510

Class VII—continued

For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the public service; for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of parliamentary debates 14,658,600 5,310,000

For the salaries and expenses of the Central Office of Information - 2,093,200 311,500

For the construction of a harbour of refuge at Peterhead and services incidental thereto - 38,000 500

Total, Civil, Class VII - -£ 78,409,010 17,663,510

1957

Appropriation , 1957 SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18

Ch. 63

1067

CIVIL.—Class VII

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, viz.:—

Vole

1.

2.

3.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food; of the Agricultural Land Commission; of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew; and of the White Fish Authority and the Scottish Committee thereof - For the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, for grants and subsidies to farmers and others for the encouragement of food production and the improvement of agriculture; for payments and services in implementation of agricultural price guarantees; and for certain other subsidies and services including a payment to the Exchequer of Northern Ireland (including a Supplementary sum of £1,330,000) - For the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, for grants, grants in aid and expenses in connection with agricultural and food services; including land drainage and rehabilitation of land damaged by flood and tempest; purchase, development and management of land, including land settlement and provision of smallholdings; services in connection with livestock, and compensation for slaughter of diseased animals; provision and operation of machinery; training and supplementary labour schemes; control of pests; education, research and advisory services; marketing; agricultural credits; certain trading services; subscriptions to international organisations; and sundry other services, including certain expenses in connection with civil defence

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

16,878,486

Carried forward

209,149,180

267,125

5,000

11,856,128

-£237,883,794

7,511,800

7,783,925 2 L* 2

SCHED. (B)

Part 18.

Civil. Class VIII. 1957-58.

1068

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 18.

Civil. Class VIII 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18—continued

CIVIL—continued Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 237,883,794 £ 7,783,925

Class VIII—continued

Vote 4. For expenditure of the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic reserves - 3,300,000 13,800,000

5. For financial assistance to fishermen and for research and development in connection with fisheries and fish marketing; including grants and loans to the White Fish Authority; a grant in aid of the White Fish Marketing Fund; subscriptions to international organisations; and grants and loans towards the construction, improvement and repair of harbours and fishing facilities (including a Supplementary sum of £80,000) 6,685,260 8,485

6. For the survey of Great Britain and other mapping services - 3,026,600 487,850

7. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Crown Estate Commissioners 123,695

8. For a grant in aid of the Agricultural Research Fund - - - 3,862,000 —

9. For a grant in aid of the Nature Conservancy 310,000 —

10. For a grant in aid of the Development Fund 1,119,500 —

11. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund 9,293,000 —

Carried forward -£ 265,603,849 22,080,260

1957

Appropriation , 1957 SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18

Ch. 63

1069

Sums not exceeding

Vote

12.

13.

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class VIII—continued

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland and the Crofters Commission: for grants and subsidies to farmers and others for the encouragement of food production and the improvement of agriculture; for certain payments in implementation of agricultural price guarantees; and for grants, grants in aid and expenses in connection with services to agriculture; including land drainage and flood services; purchase, improvement and management of land; land settlement; public works in the congested districts and roads in other livestock rearing areas; services in connection with livestock and compensation for slaughter of diseased animals; provision and operation of machinery; training and labour schemes; control of pests; agricultural education, research and advisory services; marketing; and agricultural credits (including a Supplementary sum of £100,000) -

Supply

Grants

265,603,849

Appropriations in Aid

22,080,260

31,334,282

940,855

For Scottish fisheries and the United Kingdom herring industry; including the salaries and expenses of the fisheries staff of the Scottish Home Department, and of the Herring Industry Board and Advisory Council: grants, loans and expenses in connection with assistance to fishermen, fishery protection, research and development relating to fisheries and fishmarketing, and the construction, improvement, maintenance and repair of harbours and fishing facilities; and a grant in aid of the Herring Marketing Fund (including a Supplementary sum of £200,000)

2,824,278

4,400

Total, Civil, Class VIII -

-£299,762,409

23,025,515

SCHED. (B). Part 18.

Civil. Class VIII. 1957-58.

1070

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 19.

Civil. Class IX. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19

CIVIL.—Class IX

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation, including the salaries and expenses of the Coastguard, the Transport Tribunal, and the Air Transport Advisory Council, subscriptions to international organisations and sundry other services -

9,439,700

3,009,700

2.

For expenditure, including grants and loans to highway, &c., authorities, in respect of roads in England and Wales and services connected therewith, including the construction, improvement and maintenance of roads, road research, road safety, the provision and maintenance of vehicles and equipment for use by police forces engaged on certain duties, salaries of surveyors, and the stop-ping-up and diversion of highways; for expenses in connection with the collection of motor vehicle duties, &c., and the registration of motor vehicles in Great Britain; and for certain compensation payments

Carried forward - - -£

58,956,410 1,806,300

68,396,110 4,816,200

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1071

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 68,396,110

4,816,200

SCHED. (B). Part 19.

CiviL Class DC 1957-58,

Class IX—continued

Vote

3. For expenses, including war terminal expenses, in connection with the provision and use of ships for trooping, emigration and other purposes; and in respect of miscellaneous services connected with shipping, seamen, inland transport and ports, including the repair of damage by flood and tempest, and certain special services

140,000

1,256,500

4. For the construction, maintenance, and operation of aerodromes and other services in connection with civil aviation, including a subscription to an international organisation and certain grants and subsidies (including a Supplementary sum of £10)

9,724,510

4,779,500

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Power, loans for the installation of fuel-saving equipment, a grant in respect of coal-mining subsidence damage, assistance to gas and electricity services in Development Areas, and expenses in connection with the nationalisation of the coal and gas industries and in connection with the recovery of scrap metal

5,040,120

504,610

6.

For the supply, storage and distribution of petroleum products and certain other special services of the Ministry of Power, including expenditure on civil defence

3,484,810

375,100

Carried forward -

-£ 86,785,550

11,731,910

1072

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 19.

Civil. Class DC 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19—

Vote

7.

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class IX—continued

For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Lord President of the Council (Atomic Energy) and for grants and loans to the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority in connection with the supply of atomic energy and radioactive substances, including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto -

Supply

Grants

86.785,550

Appropriations in Aid

11,731,910

98,795.790

5,874,710

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including certain subscriptions to international organisations

8,449,536

998,700

9.

For expenditure, including grants to highway, &c., authorities, in respect of roads in Scotland and services connected therewith, including the construction, improvement and maintenance of roads, road research, road safety, the provision and maintenance of vehicles and equipment for use by police forces engaged on certain duties, salaries of surveyors, the stopping-up and diversion of highways, and certain compensation payments

Total, Civil, Class IX - -£

8,678,110 53,500

202,708,986 18,658,820

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1073

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 20 Sched.

Part

CIVIL.—Class X Class

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1.

For superannuation and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances, gratuities, compassionate allowances, supplementary pensions, and certain other expenses in connection with superannuation in respect of civil employment (including a Supplementary sum of £500,000)

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

15,055,200

709,100

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions and National Insurance, including certain expenses in connection with national insurance, industrial injuries insurance, family allowances, workmens compensation, war pensions, a subscription to an international organisation and sundry other services -

4,602,715

21,753,610

3.

For payments in respect of pensions, gratuities and allowances for disablement or death arising out of war, or out of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939; sundry contributions in respect thereof; grants to ex-prisoners-of-war and other persons and bodies in respect of the distribution of Japanese assets in the United Kingdom and other countries and of proceeds of the sale of the Burma-Siam Railway; and other services, including payment of national service grants ...

Carried forward -£

i

88,025,500 972,000

107,683,415 23,434,710

JSX-- 9

1074

Ch. 63

Appropriation Act, 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 20.

Civil. Class X. 1957-58.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 20--

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

107,683,415

23,434,710

Class X—continued

Vote

4. For sums payable by the Exchequer to the National Insurance Fund and the Industrial Injuries Fund and for payments in respect of family allowances

225,383,000

17,000

5.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the National Assistance Board and of certain Appeal Tribunals; non-contributory old-age pensions, including pensions to blind persons; assistance grants, &c.; expenses of reception centres, &c.; and the maintenance of certain classes of Poles in Great Britain

133,168,000

1,750,000

6. For pensions and allowances to certain members of the former Indian and Burma Services and their dependants, and to certain judges; for related medical and miscellaneous expenses; for payments in respect of commutation of pensions; and for certain payments to the Governments of India and Pakistan connected with pensions

7,575,910

2,000

7.

For pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities awarded to retired and disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to widows of such members, including annuities to the National Debt Commissioners in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain extra-statutory payments

1,093,000

Total, Civil, Class X

£|474,903,325

25,203,710

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1075

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 21

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1958, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs and Excise Department, including a subscription to an international organisation -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

16,120,430

859,900

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department -

41,981,000

242,000

3.

For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office, including telegraphs and telephones; and subscriptions to certain international organisations (including a Supplementary sum of £12,900,000)

Total, Revenue Departments -£

320,504,000 22,330,790 378,605,430 23,432,690

SCHED. (B). Part 21. Revenue Departments. 1957-58.

1076

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (Q. Part 1. Navy Services, 1955-56. Section 5. SCHEDULE (C).- —Part 1

DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Navy Services, 1955-56, Votes Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

1. Pay, Ac., of the Royal £ £ s. . £ s. . £ s. L

Navy and Royal

Marines 343,429 1 5 — — 108,070 16 8

2.Victualling and noth-

ing for the Navy ... — — 239,053 19 1 47,754 18 4

3. Medical Establishments

and Services — — 84 5 8 19,270 14 9

4. Civilians employed on

Fleet Services — 11,745 16 5 204,161 7 6 —

5. Educational Services... — — 7,809 7 8 14,140 15 7

6. Scientific Services — — 666,395 10 5 56,592 2 4

7. Royal Naval Reserves — — 197,827 18 9 1,931 12 4

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, &c.:

Section I.—Personnel — — 306,894 19 4 278,063 17 9

Section II.—Materiel 272,142 1 6 — 3,874,076 1 11

Section III.—

Contract Work — 187,047 18 2 1,509,107 4 9 —

9. Naval Armaments ... — — 271,057 9 11 1,226,633 17 4

10. Works, Buildings and Repairs at Home and

Abroad 11. Miscellaneous Effective 34,173 14 6 53,370 1 9

Services — — 686,045 11 3 420,203 9 9

12. Admiralty Office — 2,532 18 6 57,389 15 4 —

13. Non-Effective Services — 26,700 12 10 125,961 17 5 —

14. Merchant Shipbuilding

and Repair 3,892 1 5 — — —

15. Additional Married

Quarters — 17,213 7 3 15,592 11 11 —

Balances Irrecoverable and

Claims Abandoned 89,417 4 0 — — —

708,880 8 4 279,414 7 8 J 4,340,752 0 9 t 6,046,738 6 9

£988,294^ 16s. Od. £10,387,491 ) 7j. 6d.

Net Surplus £9,399,195 11s.

1957

Appropriation , 1957

Ch. 63

1077

SCHEDULE (C).—Part 2

SCHED. (Q.

Part 2. Army Services, 1955-56. Section 5.

Army Services, 1955-56, Votes DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

£ s. £ s. . £ . £ .

1. Pay, &c, of the Army 4,006,130 3 8 1,614,162 7 4 — —

2. Reserve Forces, Terri-

torial Army, Home

Guard and Cadet

Forces — — 1,397,592 9 3 41,619 13 11

3. War Office 116,551 13 9 — — 33,803 13 9

4. Civilians — 1,498,410 3 1 2,424,347 6 7 —

5. Movements 721,049 16 1 1,025,310 17 7 — —

6. Supplies, &c — 1,346,940 12 5 2,917,236 11 3 —

7. Stores — — 10,770,886 4 0 2,654,448 12 9

8. Works, Buildings and

Lands — 1,115,667 1 5 5,436,606 6 7 —

9. Miscellaneous Effective

Services 3,305,237 18 5 849,151 8 7 — —

10. Non-Effective Services 319,219 7 3 — — 18,898 13 2

11. Additional Married

Quarters — 2,000,000 0 0 820,535 15 5 —

Balances Irrecoverable and

Claims Abandoned 116,794 8 0 — — —

8,584,983 7 2 9,449,642 10 5 23,767,204 13 1 2,748,770 13 7

J j

'll \r~

£18,034,625 17 Id. £26,515,975 6s. 8

Net Surplus £8,4 411,349 9s.Id.

1078

Ch. 63

Appropriation , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (Q.

A Part 3. SCHEDULE (C).—Part 3

Air Services,

1955-56.

Section 5.

DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Air Services, 1955-56, Votes Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

£ s. £ s. . £ s. . £ s. <L

1. Pay, Ac., of the Air Force — — 680,591 17 0 25,684 5 11

2. Reserve and Auxiliary Services — 31,407 0 4 244,771 14 8 —

3. Air Ministry 106,869 17 9 — — 2,129 13 0

4. Civilians at Out-stations 493,440 13 0 371,428 14 0 — —

5. Movements 96,886 5 6 — — 221,487 8 8

6. Supplies — — 15,816,866 1 10 1,248,038 9 8

7. Aircraft and Stores ... — 12,229,378 5 1 69,932,704 19 2 —

8. Works and Lands — 563,202 18 8 6,254,882 8 2 —

9. Miscellaneous Effective Services — 906,028 5 9 245,821 16 1 —

10. Non-Effective Services 193,010 12 7 — — 78,175 16 5

11. Additional Married Quarters — 3,800,000 0 0 709,061 7 2 —

Balances Irrecoverable and Claims Abandoned 8,206 18 9 — — —

898,414 7 7 17,901,445 3 10 J 93,884,700 4 1 1,575,515 13 8

£18,799,85 9 11s. 5 £95,460,21! 5 17s. 9 .

Net Surplus £76,< 660,356 6s. 4 .

1957 National Insurance (No. 2) Ch. 1

Act, 1957

6 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 1

National Insurance (No. 2) /4c/, 1957

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Higher rates, etc., of contributions and benefits under Industrial

Injuries Act.

2. Higher rates, etc., of contributions and benefits under National

Insurance Act, 1946.

3. Repeal of tobacco relief for pensioners and equivalent increase in

pensions under Old Age Pensions Act, 1936.

4. Consequential and minor amendments.

5. Provisions as to appointed day.

6. Expenses.

7. Regulations.

8. Short title, construction, citation, extent and repeals.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Table to be substituted in Part I of Second Schedule to Industrial Injuries Act.

Second Schedule—Amendments of benefit provisions of Industrial Injuries Act.

Third Schedule—Provisions to be substituted in First Schedule to National Insurance Act, 1946.

Fourth Schedule—Rates of benefit under National Insurance Act, 1946.

Fifth Schedule—Consequential amendments of Industrial Injuries Act, National Insurance Act, 1946, and National Insurance Act, 1953.

Sixth Schedule—Transitional provisions.

An Act to increase contributions and benefits under the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts, 1946 to 1957, and the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1957, to repeal section four of the Finance Act, 1947, to increase pensions under the Old Age Pensions Act, 1936, by an amount equal to the current value of tobacco tokens issued under the said section four and to amend the conditions of entitlement to benefit under the Industrial Diseases (Benefit) Acts, 1951 and 1954, payable to or in respect of a person who contracted the disease of byssinosis; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[28th November, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1079

1080

Higher rates, etc., of contribution* and benefits under Industrial Injuries Act.

Higher rates, etc., of contributions and benefits under National Insurance Act, 1946.

Repeal of tobacco relief for pensioners and equivalent increase in pensions under Old Age Pensions Act, 1936.

Ch. 1 National Insurance (No. 2) 6 2

Act, 1957

1. —(1) In Part I of the Second Schedule to the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946 (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Industrial Injuries Act "), the table of rates of contributions set out in the First Schedule to this Act shall be substituted, as from the appointed day, for the table of rates of contributions set out in the First Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1954.

(2) The provisions of the Industrial Injuries Act specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act (which relate to the rates and amounts of benefit described in the second column of that Schedule) shall be amended, as from the appointed day, by substituting for the words and figures set out in the third column of that Schedule the corresponding words and figures set out in the fourth column thereof.

2. —(1) In the First Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1946, the provisions set out in the Third Schedule to this Act (which relate to weekly rates of contributions payable by insured persons and employers and the amounts of the Exchequer supplement) shall be substituted, as from the appointed day, for the provisions set out in the Third Schedule to the National Health Service Contributions Act, 1957, and in Part V of the Third Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1954.

(2) In the National Insurance Act, 1946, the provisions set out in Parts I and II of the Fourth Schedule to this Act (which relate to rates and amounts of benefit) shall be substituted* as from the appointed day, for the provisions set out in the Fourth Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1954, as amended by paragraph 8 of the Schedule to the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956.

(3) The provisions of the National Insurance Act, 1957, specified in the first column of Part III of the Fourth Schedule to this Act (which relate to the rates of child's special allowance described in the second column of the said Part 111) shall be amended, as from the appointed day, by substituting for the words in the third column of the said Part III the words in the fourth column thereof.

(4) The provisions of this section increasing retirement pensions shall not be taken as affecting the provisions of section seventy-four of the National Insurance Act, 1946, relating to non-contributory pensions.

3. —(1) Section four of the Finance Act, 1947 (which provides for relief for pensioners in respect of increase in tobacco duty) shall cease to have effect on the appointed day as respects both Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

(2) As from the appointed day the weekly rate of pension calculated in accordance with the First Schedule to the Old Age

1957

National Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1957

Ch. 1

1081

Pensions Act, 1936, and payable to a person satisfying the statutory conditions under that Act shall be increased by two shillings and fourpence (that is to say by the value of the current weekly tobacco tokens issued in pursuance of the said section four of the Finance Act, 1947).

4. —(1) The provisions of the Industrial Injuries Act, the Consequential National Insurance Act, 1946, and the National Insurance Act, and"5?or#a 1953, specified in the first column of the Fifth Schedule to this amen 60 * Act shall have effect, as from the appointed day, subject to the amendments specified in the second column of that Schedule,

being amendments consequential on the amendments made by the preceding provisions of this Act.

(2) In subsection (2) of section two of the Pneumoconiosis and Byssinosis Benefit Act, 1951 (which makes it a condition of the payment of benefit to or in respect of a person who contracted the disease of byssinosis that he has been employed for not less than twenty years in an occupation of the kind described in that subsection), for the words " twenty years " there shall, as from the passing of this Act, be substituted the words " ten years ", and a scheme under that Act may be made or amended so as to provide accordingly for the payment of benefit accruing after the passing of this Act or any later date specified in the scheme.

5. —(1) In this Act the expression " the appointed day " means. Provisions as subject to the following provisions of this section, such day as appointed the Minister may by order appoint, and different days may be y‘ appointed for different purposes of this Act or for the same

purpose in relation to different cases or classes of case:

Provided that the power of the Minister to make an order under this subsection shall, so far as relates to the repeal of section four of the Finance Act, 1947, and the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act relating to regulations made under that section, be exercised in conjunction with the Treasury.

(2) Any order under this section may, if the day thereby appointed is appointed for some only of the purposes of this Act or in relation only to some cases or classes of case, contain such incidental or supplemental provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient as respects the period or any part of the period when this Act is to have a partial operation only and, in particular, provisions modifying and supplementing, in relation to the period to which the order is to apply, the provisions of this Act or any Act amended by this Act.

(3) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and shall include power to vary or revoke any order so made by a subsequent order.

1082

Expenses.

Regulations.

Ch. 1 National Insurance (No. 2) 6 Eliz. 2

Act \ 1957

(4) The provisions of this Act shall take effect subject to the transitional provisions set out in the Sixth Schedule to this Act

6. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any increase in the sums payable out of moneys so

provided under—

(i) paragraph (b) of section two or subsection (1) of section sixty of the Industrial Injuries Act; or

(ii) subsection (3) of section two of the National Insurance Act, 1946 (as amended by section one of the National Insurance Act, 1951), or subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of the National Insurance Act, 1946,

which is attributable to any provision made by this Act for increasing any rates or amounts of contributions or benefits under the Industrial Injuries Act or the National Insurance Act, 1946, and

(b) any increase in the sums payable out of moneys so

provided under subsection (3) of section one of the Old Age Pensions Act, 1936, or in the expenses incurred in the administration of that Act, which is attributable to any provisions of this Act increasing pensions under the Old Age Pensions Act, 1936.

7. —(1) For the purposes—

(a) of any provision of the Industrial Injuries Act relating to regulations under the Industrial Injuries Act;

(b) of any provision of the National Insurance Act, 1946, relating to regulations under the National Insurance Act, 1946; and

(c) of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946,

regulations under this Act relating to the Industrial Injuries Act shall be treated as regulations under the Industrial Injuries Act and regulations under this Act relating to the National Insurance Act, 1946, shall be treated as regulations under the National Insurance Act, 1946.

(2) Section seventy-seven of the National Insurance Act, 1946 (which requires a preliminary draft of regulations to be submitted to the National Insurance Advisory Committee before the regulations are made or, in certain cases, before a draft thereof is laid before Parliament), shall not apply to any regulations made, or to any draft of regulations laid before Parliament, before the expiration of the period of six months beginning with the date of the passing of this Act if the instrument containing the regulations or, as the case may be, the draft of that instrument states that the regulations are made in consequence of this Act.

1957

National Insurance (No, 2)

Act, 1957

Ch. 1

1083

8.—(1) This Act may be cited as the National Insurance Short title.

(a) so far as it relates to the Industrial Injuries Act, shall

be construed as one with that Act and shall be included among the Acts referred to in citing the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts, 1946 to 1957, and

(b) so far as it relates to the National Insurance Act, 1946,

shall be construed as one with that Act and shall be included among the Acts referred to in citing the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1957, and

(c) so far as it relates to the Old Age Pensions Act, 1936, shall be construed as one with that Act,

and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this subsection with respect to the construction of this Act, subsection (1) of section four of the National Insurance Act, 1954 (which relates to the making under the National Insurance Act, 1946, of regulations relating to the provisions of the said Act of 1954), shall have effect for the purposes of this Act as if any reference in that subsection to the said Act of 1954 were a reference to this Act

(3) Save as otherwise expressly provided, and without prejudice to the operation, in relation to any matters arising out of this Act of any provision relating to Northern Ireland contained in the Industrial Injuries Act or in the National Insurance Act 1946, or in the Pneumoconiosis and Byssinosis Benefit Act 1951, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) Section four of the Finance Act 1947, and subsection (7) of section one of the Finance Act 1948, shall be repealed as from the appointed day but subject to the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act.

This subsection extends to Northern Ireland.

(5) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any Act

(No. 2) Act 1957. (2) This Act—

construction, citation, extent and repeals.

1084

Section 1.

Section 1.

Ch. 1 National Insurance (No. 2) 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Table to be substituted in Part I of Second Schedule to Industrial Injuries Act

Weekly Rates of Contributions payable by Insured Persons and Employers

Class of insured person to whom rate applies Weekly rate of contribution

By the insured person By the employer

Men over the age of 18 8d. 9d.

Women over the age of 18 ... 5d. 6d.

Boys under the age of 18 ... 4d. 5d.

Girls under the age of 18 ... 3d. 3d.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Amendments of Benefit provisions of Industrial Injuries Act

(The references to the various provisions are references to those provisions as amended by the Second Schedule to the National Insurance , 1954,

did any other enactments specifically mentioned)

Provision of Industrial Injuries Act

Description of rates and amounts of benefit

Section 11 (3)

Weekly rates of injury benefit—

(a) for beneficiaries over 18 or with dependants,

(6) for beneficiaries between 17 and 18 without dependants,

(c) for beneficiaries under 17 without dependants.

Existing rate or amount

Sixty-seven shillings and sixpence.

Fifty shillings and eightpence. Thirty-three shillings and

New rate or amount

Eighty-five

shillings.

Sixty-three shillings and ninepence. Forty-two shillings and

Section 12 (6)

Maximum amount of disablement gratuity for disablement of less than 20 per cent.

ninepence. Two hundred and twenty-five pounds.

sixpence. Two hundred and eighty pounds.

1957

National Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1957

Ch. 1

1085

Provision of Industrial Injuries Act Description of rates and amounts of benefit Existing rate or amount New rate or amount

Third Schedule («PP>W by s. 12 (7)). Weekly rates of disablement pension for degrees of disablement of—

100 per cent 67 shillings 85 shillings.

90 per cent and 6 pence. 60 shillings 76 shillings

80 per cent and 9 pence. 54 shillings. and 6 pence. 68 shillings.

70 per cent 47 shillings 59 shillings

60 per cent and 3 pence. 40 shillings and 6 pence. 51 shillings.

50 per cent and 6 pence. 33 shillings 42 shillings

40 per cent. and 9 pence. 27 shillings. and 6 pence. 34 shillings.

30 per cent 20 shillings and 3 pence. 25 shillings and 6 pence.

Section 13 (1) 20 per cent. Amounts by which weekly rates of disablement pension are increased on account of unemployability— 13 shillings and 6 pence. 17 shillings.

(a) for beneficiaries over Forty Fifty

18 or with dependants. shillings. shillings.

(b) for beneficiaries under Twenty-three Twenty-eight

18 without dependants. shillings. shillings and

Section 14 (1) Maximum amount of increase Twenty-seven sixpence. Thirty-four

(as amended of weekly rate of disablement shillings and shillings.

by s. 1 of National Insurance Go* dustrial Injuries) Act, 1948). Section 13 (2) pension in cases of special hardship. Maximum amount of increase of weekly rate of disablement pension where constant attendance is needed— sixpence.

(a) in cases other than Thirty Thirty-five

those of exceptionally severe disablement. shillings. shillings.

(b) in cases of exceptionally Sixty Seventy

Section 17 (1) (as amended by s. 3 of National In- severe disablement. Amount of increase of weekly rates of injury benefit or (in certain cases) disablement pension— shillings. shillings.

surance Act, (a) in respect of only. Eleven Fifteen

1951). elder or eldest child. shillings and sixpence. shillings.

(6) in respect of each child other than the elder or eldest Three Seven

shillings and sixpence. shillings.

Section 18 (1) Amount of increase of weekly Twenty-five Thirty

rates of injury benefit or (in certain cases) disablement pension in respect of adult dependant. shillings. shillings.

2nd Sch —cont.

1086 Ch. 1 National Insurance (No. 2) 6 Eliz. 2

Act, 1957

2nd Sea. coni. Provision of Industrial Injuries Act Description of rates and amounts of benefit Existing rate or amount New rate or amount

Section 19 (3) Weekly rate of widow's pension payable in circumstances specified in the subsection. Forty-five shillings. Fifty-six shilling*

Section 19 (4) Maximum higher weekly rate of widow’s pension payable for prescribed period after deceased's death. Fifty-five shillings. Seventy shillings

Section 20 (2) Section 21 (1) Weekly rate of widower's pension. Weekly rate of death benefit— Forty-five shillings. FiftjHax shillings.

(as amended (a) in respect of only. Eleven Fifteen

by s. 3 of National In- elder or eldest child. shillings and sixpence. shillings

surance Act, (6) in respect of each child other than the elder or eldest. Three Seven

1951, and s. 2 of Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956). shillings and sixpence. shillings

1957

National Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1957

Ch. 1

1087

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 2.

Provisions to be substituted in First Schedule to National Insurance Act, 1946

Contribution Rates

Part I

Employed Persons

Description of employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

Men between the ages of 18 and 70 (not including men over the age of 65 who have retired from regular employment)— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 60s s. . 7 41

Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 60s. or less 3 101

Women between the ages of 18 and 65 (not including women over the age of 60 who have retired from regular employment)— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 60s 6 21

Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 60s. or less 3 41

Boys under the age of 18 4 21

Girls under the age of 18 3 61

For the purposes of this Part and Part II of this Schedule a person shall be deemed to be earning remuneration at a weekly rate of sixty shillings or less if, but only if, his remuneration does not include the provision of board and lodging by the employer and the rate of the remuneration neither exceeds nor is deemed in accordance with regulations made under subsection (5) of section seventy-eight of this Act to exceed sixty shillings a week, and to be earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding sixty shillings in any other case.

II

1088 Ch. 1 National Insurance (No. 2) 6 Buz. 2

1957

3rd Sch. Part II

cont’ Employers

Description of employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

Men over the age of 18— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 60s. or not being liable to pay a contribution as s. .

an employed person Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 60s. or less and being liable to pay a contribution as an 7 0*

employed person Women over the age of 18— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 60s. or not being liable to pay a contribution as 10 61

an employed person Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 60s. or less and being liable to pay a contribution as an 5 91

employed person 00

Boys under the age of 18 4 0*

Girls under the age of 18 3 3*

For the purpose of this Part of this Schedule a person over pensionable age, not being an insured person, shall be treated as ar employed person if he would be an insured person were he unde pensionable age and would be an employed person were he an insurec person.

Part III

Self-Employed Persons

Description of self-employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

s. .

Men between the ages of 18 and 70 (not including men over the age of 65 who have retired from regular employment) 9 10

Women between the ages of 18 and 65 (not including women over the age of 60 who have retired from regular employment) 8 4

Boys under the age of 18 5 7

Girls under the age of 18 4 9

1957 National Insurance (No. 2) Ch. 1

Act, 1957

Part IV

Non-Employed Persons

Description of non-employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

s. .

Men between the ages of 18 and 65 7 5

Women between the ages of 18 and 60 5 11

Boys under the age of 18 4 3

<3irls under the age of 18 3 4

Part V

Exchequer Supplement

Description of person by or in respect of whom contribution is paid Amount of Supplement

For contribution as employed person For employer’s contribution For contribution as self-employed person For contribution as non-employed person

s. . s. . s. . s. .

Men over the age

of 18 1 3 1 2 3 3 2 6

Women over the

age of 18 1 0 1 0 2 9 2 0

Boys under the age

of 18 8 8 1 10 1 5

Oirls under the age

of 18 7 7 1 7 1 1

2 M

1089

3rd Sch. —corn.

1090

Section 2.

Ch. 1 National Insurance (No, 2) 6 Eliz. 2

Act; 1957

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Rates of Benefit under National Insurance Act, 1946

Part I

Rates of Periodical Benefits and of Increases for Dependants

Description of benefit Weekly rate Increase for only child or elder or eldest child (where payable) Increase for each additional child (where payable) Increase for adult dependant (where payable)

1. Unemployment benefit— (a) in the case of a person over the age of eighteen, not being a s. . s. . s. . s. .

married woman (b) in the case of a person under the age of eighteen, not being a married woman— (i) during any period during which that person is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or adult depend- 50 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

ant 50 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

(ii) during any other period (c) in the case of a married woman over the age of eighteen— (i) during any period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of her husband, or during which she is not residing with and is unable to obtain any financial assistance from 28 6

her husband 50 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

(ii) during any other period ( )in the case of a married woman under the age of eighteen— (i) during any period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of her husband, or during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or an adult dependant other than her husband and she is not residing with and is unable to obtain any financial assistance from 34 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

her husband 50 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

1957

National Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1957

Ch. 1

109

Description of benefit Weekly rate Increase for only child or elder or eldest child (where payable) Increase for each additional child (where payable) Increase for adult dependant (where payable)

(ii) during any other period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or adult depend- s. . s. . s. . s. .

ant 34 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

(iii) during any other period 2. Sideness benefit— (a) in the case of a person over the age of eighteen, not being a 28 6

married woman (6) in the case of a person under the age of eighteen, not being a married woman— (i) during any period during which that person is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or adult depend- 50 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

ant 50 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

(ii) during any other period (c) in the case of a married woman over the age of eighteen— (i) during any period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of her husband, or during which she is not residing with and is unable to obtain any financial assistance from 28 6

her husband 50 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

(ii) during any other period () in the case of a married woman under the age of eighteen— (i) during any period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of her husband, or during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or an adult dependant other than her husband and she is not residing with and is unable to obtain any financial assistance from 34 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

her husband 50 0 15 0 7 0 30 0 2 M 2

4th Sch. —coni.

1092

Ch. 1

National Insurance (No, 2)

Act, 1957

6 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. —cont.

Description of benefit Weekly rate Increase for only child or elder or eldest child (where payable) Increase for each additional child (where payable) Increase for adult dependant (where payable)

(ii) during any other period s. . s. . s. . s. .

during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or adult dependant 34 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

(iii) during any other period 28 6 — — —

3. Maternity allowance 50 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

4. Widow’s allowance 70 0 20 0 12 0 —

5. Widowed mother’s allowance (a) where payable by virtue of the widow’s having a family ... 70 0 12 0

(b) in any other case 50 0 — — —

6. Widow’s pension 50 0 — — —

7. Guardian’s allowance 27 6 — — —

8. Retirement pension— (a) where the pension is payable to a woman by virtue of her husband's insurance and he is alive 30 0 15 0 7 0

(b) in any other case 50 0 15 0 7 0 30 0

Note.—The increases of maternity allowance specified in the third, fourth ■and fifth columns above apply only in so far as provided for by regulations under section eight of the National Insurance Act, 1953.

Part n Amount of Grants

Description of Grant Amount

£ s. .

1. Maternity grant 12 10 0

2. Home confinement grant 5 0 0

3. Death grant, where the person in respect of whose

death the grant is paid was at his death—

(a) under the age of three 7 10 0

\b) between the ages of three and six 12 10 0

(c) between the ages of six and eighteen 18 15 0

()over the age of eighteen 25 0 0

1957 National Insurance (No, 2) Ch. 1

Act, 1957

Part m

Child*s Special Allowance

Description of rates Existing rate New rate

Section 5 (3) (b) of National Insurance Act, 1957. Weekly rate of allowance (if not in excess of weekly rate of contributions previously made by deceased husband)— (a) in respect of only, elder or eldest child, (b) in respect of each child other than the elder or eldest. Sixteen shillings and sixpence. Eight shillings and sixpence. Twenty shillings. Twelve shillings.

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Consequential Amendments of Industrial Injuries Act, National Insurance Act, 1946, and National Insurance Act, 1953

Amended provision Amendment

Industrial hyuries Act—

Section 14 In subsection (3) (as set out in the Schedule to the National Insurance (Industrial Iiyuries) Act, 1948, and amended by the Fifth Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1954), for the words " sixty-seven shillings and sixpence " there shall be substituted the words " eighty-five shillings ".

Section 21 In subsection (1), in the words inserted by paragraph 10 of the Schedule to the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956, for the words "sixteen shillings and sixpence'* there shall be inserted the words " twenty shillings ".

Section 29 In paragraph (a) of subsection (1) (as amended by the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1948, and the Fifth Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1954) for the words " sixty-seven shillings and sixpence" in both places where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words "eighty-five shillings"; for the words " fifty shillings and eightpence " there shall be substituted the words " sixty-three shillings and ninepence"; and for the words "thirty-three shillings and ninepence " there shall be substi-

tuted the words "forty-two shillings and sixpence ",

Section 30 In subsection (2) (as amended by the Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1951, and the said Fifth Schedule) for the words " eleven shillings and sixpence", there shall be substituted the words " fifteen shillings ".

1093

4th Sea, ’—com.

Section 4.

1094

Ch. 1

National Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1957

6 Eliz. 2

5th Sch. —corn. Amended provision Amendment

Industrial Injuries Act —cont. Fourth Schedule... In paragraph 1 (as amended by the Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1951, and the said Fifth Schedule), in sub-paragraph (1) for the words " eleven shillings and sixpence " and the words "three shillings and sixpence" there shall be substituted respectively the words " fifteen shillings '* and the words " seven shillings", and in sub-paragraph (2) for the words "eleven shillings and sixpence" there shall be substituted the words " fifteen shillings

National Insurance Act, 1946-Section 17 In head (i) of paragraph (6) of subsection (1) and in the proviso to subsection (3) (as set out in paragraph 1 and paragraph 3 of the Schedule to the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956) for the words " sixteen shillings and sixpence " there shall be substituted the words " twenty shillings ".

Section 23 In paragraph (6) of subsection (3) (as set out in the Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1951 and amended by the Fifth Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1954) for the words " eleven shillings and sixpence " there shall be substituted the words " fifteen shillings ", and for the words " three shillings and sixpence " there shall be substituted the words "seven

Section 72 shillings In subsection (2) for the words "ten pounds'* there shall be substituted the words " twelve pounds ten shillings " and for the words " twenty pounds " there shall be substituted the words " twenty-five pounds ".

National Insurance Act, 1953-Section 8 In subsection (3) (as amended by the Fifth Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1954) for the words " eleven shillings and sixpence " there shall be substituted the words "fifteen shillings ", for the words " three shillings and sixpence *’ there shall be substituted the words " seven shillings ", and for the words " twenty-five shillings* there shall be substituted the words " thirty shillings *.

1957

Ch. 1

1095

National Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1957

SIXTH SCHEDULE

Transitional Provisions

Effect of awards made before, or in respect of the period

beginning before, appointed or prescribed day

1. —(1) Where an award of any benefit under the Industrial Injuries Act, or the National Insurance Act, 1946, or the Old Age Pensions Act, 1936, has been made, whether before or after the passing of this Act, before the day appointed or prescribed for the payment of benefit of the description to which the award relates at a higher weekly rate by virtue of this Act or any regulations made in consequence of this Act, the benefit shall, without any claim being made therefor, become payable (except as respects any period falling before that day), at the higher weekly rate, and the award shall have effect accordingly.

(2) The foregoing sub-paragraph shall have effect as respects any benefit under the Industrial Injuries Act or the National Insurance Act, 1946, subject to such exceptions or conditions as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, and the power to make regulations under this sub-paragraph shall be exercised separately in relation to the Industrial Injuries Act and the National Insurance Act, 1946.

(3) Where any such award as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph—

(a) is made after a day has been appointed or prescribed for the

payment of benefit of the description to which the award relates at a higher weekly rate or within a higher maximum weekly rate, by virtue of this Act or any regulations made in consequence of this Act; and

(b) is made before that day,

the award may provide for the benefit to be paid, as from that day, at the higher weekly rate or, as the case may be, at any weekly rate within the higher maximum rate.

Variation of disablement gratuities

2. Any regulations made in consequence of this Act varying the scale of disablement gratuities prescribed under subsection (6) of section twelve of the Industrial Injuries Act may provide that the scale as varied shall only apply in cases where the period taken into account by the assessment of the extent of the disablement in respect of which the gratuity is awarded begins or began after such day as may be prescribed.

Maternity and home confinement grants and death grants

3. —(1) The provisions of this Act increasing maternity or home confinement grants or death grants shall not affect the amount of such a grant where the confinement or, as the case may be, the death occurred before the appointed day.

(2) The provisions of this Act increasing maternity grants shall not affect the amount of any maternity grant to which a woman has become entitled before the appointed day by virtue of regulations made under subsection (4) of section fourteen of the National Insurance Act, 1946, as set out in the First Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1953:

Sections 5, 8.

1096

Ch. 1

National Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1957

6EUZ.2

6th Sch. Provided that regulations made by the Minister may provide for —cont. increasing to the amount provided for by this Act the amount of a

maternity grant to which a woman has become entitled before the appointed day (whether payment has already been made or not) if the confinement in question has not occurred before the appointed day and her pregnancy has not been otherwise terminated before that day.

Withdrawal of tobacco relief

4.—(1) Any token issued in pursuance of regulations made under section four of the Finance Act, 1947, shall be invalid if the date shown on the token falls on or after the appointed day.

(2) The latest date on which a valid token may be accepted by a dealer in respect of the supply of tobacco shall be the twenty-eighth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, or, if the appointed day falls after the thirty-first day of January in that year, the date falling one month after the appointed day.

(3) The latest date on which tokens may be surrendered by a dealer in pursuance of the said regulations shall be the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, or, if the appointed day falls after the thirty-first day of January in that year, the date falling two months after the appointed day.

(4) If any tokens in respect of which a dealer has received a payment from the Commissioners of Customs and Excise are invalid, the said Commissioners may recover the amount paid in respect of the invalid tokens in proceedings commenced not later than three months after the date on which those tokens were surrendered by the dealer in pursuance of the said regulations.

(5) Without prejudice to the provisions of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with respect to the effect of repeals, any regulations under the said section four of the Finance Act, 1947, which are in force on the appointed day shall, subject to the provisions of this paragraph, continue to apply—

(a) in relation to any token issued before that day; and

(b) in relation to any token the date shown on which falls before that day but which is issued on or after that day and before the date specified in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph.

(6) This paragraph extends to Northern Ireland.

009

1957

National Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1957

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Ch. 1, 2

1097

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Interpretation Act, 1889 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

Old Age Pensions Act, 1936 26 Geo. 5 1 Edw. 8.

c. 31.

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946

National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946

National Insurance Act, 1946

Finance Act, 1947

National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1948

Finance Act, 1948

National Insurance Act, 1951

Pneumoconiosis and Byssinosis Benefit Act, 1951

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 62.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 67.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 35.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.C.42.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 49.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 34.

15 A 16 Geo. 6 1 Eliz. 2. c. 4.

National Insurance Act, 1953

National Insurance Act, 1954

Family Allowances and National Insurance Act,

1956

National Insurance Act, 1957

National Health Service Contributions Act, 1957

1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 29.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 1.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 50.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 26. 5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 34.

CHAPTER 2

An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[19th December, 1957]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire—

(n) as respects those mentioned in Part I of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven; and

(b) as respects those mentioned in Part II of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight:

and whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Acts mentioned in Part I of the Schedule to this Continuance Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, SXviSjJu1 be continued until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen5011 hundred and fifty-eight.

1098

Ch. 2

Expiring Laws Continuance , 1957 6 Eliz. 2

Short title and application to Northern Ireland.

Section 1.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, be continued until the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments which are temporary in their duration shall, in so far as they amend or affect any enactment continued by the foregoing provisions of this Act, be continued in like manner as that enactment whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1957.

(2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in so far as it deals with any enactment relating to a subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has not power to make laws, but, save as hereinbefore provided, shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE

I Part I 2 3 4

Session and Chapter Short Title How far continued Amending Acts

0) 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 92. The Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919. Section one ... —

(2) 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 12. The Population (Statistics) Act, 1938. The whole Act 1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 55. 1 A 2 Eliz. 1 c. 37.

(3) 10 All Geo. 6. c. 36. The Education (Exemptions) (Scotland) Act, 1947. The whole Act —

(4) 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 25. The Tenancy of Shops (Scotland) Act, 1949. The whole Act —

(5) 14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 15. The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1951. Section four... —

(6) 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 23. The Accommodation Agencies Act, 1953. The whole Act —

1957

Expiring Laws Continuance , 1957 Ch. 2, 3

1

Part n

1 2 3 4

Session and Chapter Short Title How far continued Amending Acts

(7) The Rent of Furnished The whole Act 10 All Geo. 6.

6 A 7 Geo. 6. Houses Control (Scotland) c. 43.

c. 44. Act, 1943. 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 40. 13 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 40. 2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 50. 5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

(8)

9 A 10 Geo. 6. The Furnished Houses (Rent The whole Act 12, 13 A 14

c. 34. Control) Act, 1946. Geo. 6. c. 40. 15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c 40 2 A 3* Eliz. 2. c. 53. 5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

(9)

1 A 2 Eliz. 2. The Licensing Act, 1933 ... Part II —

c. 46.

CHAPTER 3

An Act to transfer the Royal Naval Hospital at Great Yarmouth to the Minister of Health; and for purposes connected therewith.

[19th December, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) On the appointed day there shall, by virtue of this Transfer of section and without further assurance, be transferred to and vest Yarmouth in the Minister of Health (in this Act referred to as " the £Java! Minister")- K£"°

ia) all interests in or attaching to any premises or moveable of Health, property which immediately before that day were held by the Admiralty solely for the purposes of the Royal Naval Hospital at Great Yarmouth (in this Act referred to as " the hospital "); and

(b) all other rights and liabilities acquired or incurred by the Admiralty for those purposes, being rights and liabilities to which the Admiralty were entitled or subject immediately before that day but not including any

1100

Ch. 3 Yarmouth Naval Hospital Transfer , 1957 6 Eliz. 2

21 & 22 Geo. 5 c. 15.

Transitional provisions as to patients.

53 & 54 Vict, c. 5.

rights or liabilities arising under contracts for the rendering of personal services or under the Yarmouth Naval Hospital Act, 1931 (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1931 ").

(2) On and after the appointed day the hospital shall form part of the hospital and specialist services provided by the Minister under the National Health Service Acts, 1946 to 1952, and, until the Minister otherwise directs, be deemed to be designated by him as a mental hospital.

2.— (1) In relation to any person who, immediately before the appointed day, was lawfully detained or was liable to be detained in the hospital either in pursuance of an order of the Admiralty under section one of the Act of 1931 (in this subsection referred to as an " Admiralty order ") or by virtue of subsection (6) of section two of that Act (which relates to the detention of persons already detained in the hospital at the commencement of that Act), there shall be deemed to be in force on the appointed day a summary reception order for his detention in the hospital duly made under section sixteen of the Lunacy Act, 1890, on the date which, in his case, was the appropriate day within the meaning of subsection (3) of sectioo three of the Act of 1931; and for the purpose of ascertaining the period during which the said summary reception order remains in force under subsection (4) of section thirty-eight of the Lunacy Act, 1890—

(a) any report made as required by the said section three

certifying that the person in question was still of unsound mind and a proper person to be detained under care and treatment shall have effect as if it were such a special report and contained such a certificate as are mentioned in the said subsection (4) and had been sent to the Board of Control in accordance with that subsection; and

(b) in the case of a person—

(i) detained in the hospital at the commencement of the Act of 1931; or

(ii) detained or liable to be detained in the hospital in pursuance of an Admiralty order made with the consent required by subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1931 (which section provides, among other things, that an Admiralty order in respect of a patient already detained under the enactments relating to persons of unsound mind shall not be made without the consent of the Board of Control or the corresponding authority in Scotland or Northern Ireland and shall not come into operation until the patient is discharged in accordance with those enactments).

1957

Yarmouth Naval Hospital Transfer , 1957 Ch. 3

1101

there shall be deemed to have been sent to the Board of Control such reports and certificates under the said subsection (4) as would have been required to continue the said summary reception order in force until the commencement of the Act of 1931 or, as the case may be, until the Admiralty order came into operation.

(2) In relation to any person who, immediately before the appointed day, was a voluntary patient in the hospital in pursuance of an application under section five of the Act of 1931, the Mental Treatment Act, 1930, shall have effect as if he had 20 & 21 Geo. been received in the hospital under section one of the last- c. 23. mentioned Act as such a patient on the appointed day in pursuance of the application and the application had been made on that day to the person in charge of the hospital.

3. —(1) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Financial

Parliament— provisions.

(a) any expenses incurred by the Minister by virtue of this Act; and

(b) any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of such moneys under section fifty-fouf of the National Health Service Act, 1946 (which, among other 9 & 10 Geo. 6. things, provides for certain expenditure of Regional c. 81.

Hospital Boards and certain payments to members of bodies constituted under that Act to be defrayed out of such moneys).

(2) All sums received by the Minister by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Yarmouth Naval Hos- Short title,

pital Transfer Act, 1957. interpretation.

repeal and

(2) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, extent, the following expressions have the following meanings—

" the appointed day " means such day as the Minister may by order, made by statutory instrument, appoint;

" the Act of 1931 ", " the hospital " and " the Minister " have the meanings assigned to them by section one of this Act

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment.

(4) The Act of 1931 shall cease to have effect on the appointed day.

(5) This Act except so far as it provides for the repeal of the Act of 1931, shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

1102

Ch. 4

Public Works Loans , 1957

6 Eliz. 2

Grants for public works.

50 & 51 Vict, c. 16.

Limit of commitments by Public Works Loan Commissioners.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 75.

Debts not to be reckoned among assets of Local Loans Fund.

CHAPTER 4

An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain local loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to local loans.

[19th December, 1957]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There may be issued by the National Debt Commissioners for the purposes of local loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of three hundred million pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during the period beginning with the passing of this Act and ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

2. The period aforesaid shall be an issue period within the meaning of section two of the Public Works Loans (No. 2) Act, 1946 (which enables the Public Works Loan Commissioners to undertake to grant loans which include loans falling to be advanced after the expiration of the current issue period), and die aggregate of—

(a) the commitments of the said Commissioners outstanding at any time during the said issue period in respect of undertakings entered into by them (whether during or before the beginning of that period) to grant local loans, and

(b) the advances in respect of local loans made by the said Commissioners during that period up to that time,

shall not exceed the sum of four hundred million pounds.

3. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the local loans specified in the Tables contained in Part I and Part II of the Schedule to this Act should, to the extent specified in the third column of those Tables, not be reckoned as assets of the Local Loans Fund:

Now therefore the principal of the said loans to the extent aforesaid shall be written off from the account of assets of the

1957

Public Works Loans , 1957

Ch. 4

1103

Local Loans Fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

4, Whereas the principal of the local loans specified in the Remission of Tables contained in Part I and Part II of the said Schedule is irrecoverable to the extent of the sums specified in the third Merest on column of those Tables: certain local

Now therefore the principal of the said loans shall, to the extent aforesaid, be extinguished, and all arrears of interest thereon shall be remitted.

5. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1957. Short title.

loans.

SCHEDULE

Sections 3, 4

Part I

Loan by the Public Works Loan Commissioners

UNDER THE HOUSING ACTS

Name of Borrower

Amount of loan

Amount of Principal to be written off and remitted

Southam Works Housing Society 13,022 Limited.

£ s. . 572 11 2

Part II

Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners under the South Staffordshire Mines Drainage Acts, 1891 to 1914

Name of Borrower

Amount of loan

Amount to be written off

84,278 6 3 118,032 0 0

£ s. .

TABLE m

CHRONOLOGICAL LIST OF THE MEASURES

Passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which received the Royal Assent during the year

1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

No. 1. Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 1931 (Amendment) Measure, 1957.

2 N

ii No. 1 Channel Islands 5 & 6 Eliz. 2

(Church Legislation) , 1931

(Amendment) , 1957

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

No. 1

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To amend the Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 1931.

[17th July, 1957]

1. In section two of the Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 1931, (hereinafter referred to as " the principal Measure") the words " within two years after its passing " and in section three of the principal Measure the words " within five years from the passing of this Measure " are hereby repealed.

Measure, 1931.

21 & 22 Geo. 5.

No. 4.

Amendment

of s.2 and

s.3 of the

Channel

Islands

(Church

Legislation)

Amendment of para. 4 of the Schedule to the same Measure.

2. Paragraph 4 of the Schedule to the principal Measure is hereby amended by substituting for the words "one calendar month " the words " fifteen days ".

Short title 3. This Measure may be cited as the Channel Islands (Church and citation. Legislation) Measure, 1931 (Amendment) Measure, 1957, and this Measure and the principal Measure may be cited together as the Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measures, 1931 and 1957.

TABLE IV

EFFECT OF LEGISLATION

ACTS AND MEASURES (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED, AMENDED OR OTHERWISE AFFECTED BY THOSE ACTS, MEASURES AND STATUTORY INSTRUMENTS WHICH RECEIVED THE ROYAL ASSENT OR WERE MADE DURING

1957

[Note.—Statute references in the fourth column are to chapters of 5 & 6 Eliz. 2 unless otherwise stated.]

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

5 Will. & Mar.:

c. 7 House of Commons (Dis- Rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

8 & 9 Will. 3: qualification) Act, 1693. 4 Pt. I.

c. 11 Administration of Justice . 8 rep .I. No. 1178,

Act, 1696. r. 7.

12 & 13 Will 3:

c. 10 An Act for granting an Rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

aid to His Majesty for defraying the expence of his navy guards and garrisons for one year 4 Pt. I.

and for other necessary

occasions.

6 Anne:

c. 41 Succession to the Crown Ss. 24, 25, 27, 28 rep., 29 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

Act, 1707. rep. in pt. 4 Pt. I.

1 Geo. 1 St. 2:

c. 56 Crown Pensioners Dis- Rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

qualification Act, 1715. 4 Pt. I.

7 Geo. 2:

c. 16 Parliamentary Elections Rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

(Scotland) Act, 1733. 4 Pt. I.

15 Geo. 2:

c. 22 House of Commons Dis- Rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

qualification Act, 1741. 4 Pt. I.

22 Geo. 3:

c. 45 House of Commons (Dis- Rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

qualification) Act, 1782. 4 Pt. I.

c. 82 Civil List and Secret Ser- Ss. 2, 30 rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

vice Money Act, 1782. 4 Pt. I.

20

iv

Effect of Legislation

5 &6EUZ.2

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

41 Geo. 3:

c. 52 House of Commons (Dis- Ss. 1-3 rep. in pt., 4-8 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

qualifications) Act, 1801. rep. 4 Pt. I.

42 Geo. 3:

c. 116 Land Tax Redemption . 185 rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

Act, 1802. 4 Pt. I.

56 Geo. 3:

c. 46 Civil List Audit Act, 1816 . 8 rep. in pt 20, s. 14(1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

57 Geo. 3:

c. 64 Public Offices (Scotland) . 15 rep. 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

Act, 1817. 4 Pt. I.

59 Geo. 3:

c. 25 Freight for Treasury Act, Rep. {prosp.) 53, s. 137 (1),

1819. sch. 6.

1 &2 Geo. 4:

c. 44 House of Commons Dis- Rep 20, s. 14 (1). sch.

qualifications Act, 1821. 4 PL I.

7 & 8 Geo. 4:

c. 28 Criminal Law Act, 1827 . 13 proviso restr. 11, s. 9 (4), sch. 1

c. 53 Excise Management Act, Rep para. 2 (5). 20,8.14 (1), sch.

1827. 4 PL I.

c. 65 Admiralty Act, 1827 ... . 5 rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

10 Geo. 4:

c. 38 Criminal Law (Scotland) Ss. 2, 3 am 11, s. 14.

Act, 1829.

c. 44 Metropolitan Police Act, 1829. . 18 rep. 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

11 Geo. 4 &

1 Will. 4: c. 37 Criminal Law (Scotland) . 2 rep. in pt 11, s. 15.

Act, 1830.

1 & 2Will 4:

c. 37 Truck Act, 1831 Exd .I. No. 319.

2 & 3 Will. 4:

c. 65 Representation of the . 36 rep* 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

People (Scotland) Act, 1832. 4 Pt. I.

c. 87 Registry of Deeds (Ire- . 36 rep. 20, s. 14 (1). sch.

land) Act, 1832. 4 Pt. I.

3 & 4 Will. 4: c. 41 Judicial Committee Act, 1833. Appl { 28, s. 29 (1). 60, s. 3 (3).

. 3 appl. 20, s. 7 (2).

. 20 expld. (Caribbean .I. No. 1364,

and N.A. territories). art. 4 (1).

c.42 Civil Procedure Act, 1833 Ss. 16,18 rep .L No. 1178,

r. 7.

c. 90 Lighting and Watching Rep 42, ss. 3 (2), 15

Act, 1833. (2), sch. 2.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

v

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

5 & 6 Will. 4:

c. 24 Naval Enlistment Act, 1835. Ss. 1 rep. in pt. (prosp.), 2, 3 rep. (prosp?) 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6.

c. 35 Paymaster General Act, . 5 rep 20, s. 14 (1),

1835. sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 62 Statutory Declarations Ss. 15, 17 expld. (Carib- .I. No. 1364,

Act, 1835. bean and N.A. territories). art. 4 (1).

6 & 7 Will. 4:

c. 13 Constabulary (Ireland) . 18 rep. 20, s. 14 (1),

Act, 1836. sch. 4 Pt. I.

1 & 2 Vict.:

c. 74 Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838. Appl Sch. appl. 56, s. 158 (2). 56, ss. 22 (2),

2 & 3 Vict.: 85 (2).

c. 15 Staffordshire Potteries . 4 rep 20, s. 14 (1),

Stipendiary Justice Act, sch. 4 Pt. I.

6 & 7 Vict:

c. 22 (Colonies) Evidence Act, Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

1843. N.A. territories). art. 4 (1).

c. 98 Slave Trade Act, 1843 ... Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

N.A. territories). art. 4 (1).

7 & 8 Vict.:

c. 69 Judicial Committee Act, Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

1844. N.A. territories). art. 4(1).

c. 101 Poor Law Amendment Ss. 5, 8 rep 55, s. 12 (1), sch.

Act, 1844.

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 10 Bastardy Act, 1845 Rep 55, s. 12 (1), sch. 56, ss. 43 (3), 51

c. 18 Lands Clauses Consoli- Incorp. (mod.) (E.)

dation Act, 1845. (2), 57(1), sch. 3 paras. 7, 8.

Ss. 84-90 excl. (E.) ... 56, ss. 43 (3), 51

1 (2), 57 (1), 62 (2), 101 (2), sch. 3 para. 9. 56, ss. 12 (1), 29

. 121 expld. (E.)

(1) , 43 (3), 51 (2) , 57 (1), 98

Ss. 128-132 excl. (E.) ... (6), schs. 1 para. 3, 3 para. 10. 56, ss. 104 (6),

105 (5). 56, ss. 12 (1), 29

. 133 excl. (E.)

(1) , 97 (1), schs. 1 para. 1 (2) , 7 para. 1

(2).

c. 20 Railways Clauses Con- Ss. 77-85 incorp. (mod.) 56, ss. 43 (3),

solidation Act, 1845. (E.) 51 (2), 57 (1), sch. 3 paras. 7, 8.

c. 124 Leases Act, 1845 . 3 saved (E.) 27, s. 74 (a).

10 All Vict.:

c. 62 Naval Deserters Act, 1847 Rep. (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (1),

sch. 6.

12 & 13 Vict.:

c. 96 Admiralty Offences (Col- Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

onial) Act, 1849. N.A. territories). art. 4(1).

202

vi

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

13 & 14 Vict.:

c. 94 Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1850. . 3 rep 20, s. 14 (1), ach. 4 Pt. I.

14 & 15 Vict.:

c. 42 Crown Lands Act, 1851 . 10 rep. 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 57 Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Act, 1851. . 2 rep. in pt 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 99 Evidence Act, 1851 Expld. (Caribbean and N.A. territories). .I. No. 1364, art. 4 (1).

15 & 16 Vict.:

c. 57 Election Commissioners Act, 1852. . 1 rep. in pt 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 PL I.

16 & 17 Vict.:

c. 69 Naval Enlistment Act, 1853. . 12 rep. in pt. (prosp.)... .16 am. (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (I), sch. 6. 53, s. 136, sch. 5.

c. 73 Naval Volunteers Act, . 16 rep. in pt 32, s. 2 (2), sch. 2

1853. ext. (prosp.) . 17 rep. in pt Ss. 21-24rep. (prosp.)... 53, s. Ill (4). 32, s. 2 (2), sch. 2 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6.

c. 137 Charitable Trusts Act, 1853. . 5 rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

18 & 19 Vict.:

c. 120 Metropolis Management Act, 1855. Appl 56, s. 131.

c. 124 Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855. . 44 am. 42, s. 11 (1).

19 & 20 Vict:

c. 2 ... ... Metropolitan Police Act, 1856. . 9 rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

22 Vict.:

c. 20 ... Evidence by Commission Act, 1859. Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

N.A. territories). art. 4 (1).

22 & 23 Vict.:

c. 12 Colonial Affidavits Act, Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

1859. N.A. territories). art. 4 (1).

c. 40 23 & 24 Vict: Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859. Sis. 6,9 rep. Ss. 11, 12 rep. (prosp.) . 13 rep. in pt. . 15 rep. in pt. rep. in pt. (prosp.). Ss. 19-22 rep. (prosp.). 32, s. 2 (2), sch. 2. 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6. 32,8.2 (2), sch. 2. 32, s. 2 (2), sch. 2. 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6. 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6.

c. 30 Public Improvements Act, Rep 42, ss. 1 (3), 15

1860. (2), sch. 2.

c. 122 Admiralty Offences (Col- Expld. (Caribbean and SJ. No. 1364,

onial) Act, 1860. N.A. territories). art. 4 (1).

24 & 25 Vict.:

c. 100 Offences Against the Person Act, 1861. Ss. 2,3 rep. (E.) 11, s. 17 (2), sch. 2.

26 A27 Vict.:

c. 69 Officers of Royal Naval Reserve Act, 1863. . 2 rep. in pt. (prosp.)... . 3 rep. in pt 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6. 32,8.2 (2), sch. 2.

c. 76 Colonial Letters Patent Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

Act, 1863. N.A. territories). art 4(1).

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

vii

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

28 & 29 Vict:

c. 63 Colonial Laws Validity Excl. (Ghana) 6, s. 1, sch. 1

Act, 1865. Expld.( Caribbean and para. 1. .I. No. 1364,

N.A. territories). art. 4(1).

c. 64 Colonial Marriages Act, Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

1865. N.A. territories). art. 4(1).

c. 73 Naval and Marine Pay Ss. 3, 5 appl 32, s. 1

and Pensions Act, 1865. . 12 appl 32, s. 1 (3).

29 & 30 Vict.:

c. 39 Exchequer and Audit . 3 rep. in pt 20, s. 14 (1),

c. 109 Departments Act, 1866. Naval Discipline Act ... Rep. (prosp.) sch. 4 Pt. I. 53, s. 137 (1),

sch. 6.

. 45 am. 11, s. 9(2).

. 86 am. (definition of 1 6, s. 4 (2).

" Commonwealth >60, s. 2(1), sch. 1

force’*). J para. 2 (3).

31 & 32 Vict.:

c. 24 Capital Punishment Appl. (mod.) (prosp.) ... 53, ss. 80 (2), 123

Amendment Act, 1868. (4), 124(2).

Ss. 7, 10 rep. in pt. (E.) 11,8.11(1).

(.).

c. 37 Documentary Evidence Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

Act, 1868. N.A. territories). art. 4 (1).

c. 100 Court of Session Act, . 91 appl 38, s. 16(3) (A).

1868.

32 & 33 Vict.:

c. 15 Pensioners Civil Disabil- Rep 20, s. 14 (1),

ities Relief Act, 1869. sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 67 Valuation (Metropolis) . 4 rep. in pt. (definition 17, s. 5, sch.

Act, 1869. of " gross value ").

33 & 34 Vict.:

c. 10 Coinage Act, 1870 . 14 rep. in pt 20, s. 14 (1).

sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 17 War Office Act, 1870 ... . 2 rep. in pt 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 78 Tramways Act, 1870 ... . 59 excl 59, s. 18 (2).

35 & 36 Vict.:

c. 65 Bastardy Laws Amend- Rep 55, s. 12 (1), sch.

ment Act, 1872.

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. 80 Constabulary (Ireland) . 10 rep. 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

Act, 1874. 4 Pt. I.

c. 88 Births and Deaths Regis- . 37 rep. (prosp.) 58, ss. 2 (3), 7 (2).

tration Act, 1874.

38 & 39 Vict.:

c. 55 Public Health Act, 1875 . 146 saved and am. 33, s. 3.

(retrosp.).

. 161 saved . 163 rep 42, s. 3 (3) (4). 42, s. 15 (2),

sch. 2. 56, s. 133 (1).

Ss. 175-178 appl. Power to apply

c. 83 Local Loans Act, 1875 ... 48, s. 16 (3) (4)

GO*

Power to apply (mod.) (E.) 56, s. 138 (2),

sch. 8 para. 6.

203

viii

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

40 & 41 Vict 41 Vict.: f 7, s. 2 (2).

c. 2 Treasury Bills Act, 1877 . 6 excl. ... 10, s. 3 (2). 63, s. 2 (2).

c. 57 Supreme Court of Judi- . 13 rep. in pt 20, s. 14 (1),

cature Act (Ireland), sch. 4 Pt I.

41 & 42 Vict.: 1877.

c. 33 Dentists Act, 1878 Ss. 2 rep., 5 rep. (U.K.), 28, s. 51 (1).

6-40, sch. rep. sch. 2.

42 & 43 Vict. :

c. 8 Registration of Births, . 2 rep. (prosp.) 58, ss. 1(4), 7 a).

Deaths and Marriages (Army) Act, 1879.

c. 11 Bankers’ Books Evidence . 7. Power to ext. 53, s. 58 (3).

Act, 1879. (prosp.).

. 9 ext. .I. No. 2228,

teg. 32(1).

c. 49 Summary Jurisdiction . 31 appl. (mod.) 56, s. 14 (6).

Act, 1879.

44 & 45 Vict 45 Vict.:

c. 69 Fugitive Offenders Act, 1881. Appl. (Malay States and Brunei). .I. No. 234.

45 & 46 Vict. :

c. 50 Municipal Corporations Ss. 92 (2), 163 (6) rep. in 20, s. 14 (IX

Act, 1882. pt. sch. 4 Pt I.

c. 61 Bills of Exchange Act, Ss. 2 ext. ("banker"), .I. No. 2228.

1882. 73 ext r reg. 19(3). 36, s. 5.

. 76 appl. ... 1 .I. Nos. 1733, 1734, 1764,

I 1780, 2182.

. 77 appl 36, s. 5.

. 77 (1) (3M5) appl., .I. Nos. 1733,

77 (6) appl. in pt. 1734, 1764, 1780, 2182.

Ss. 78-81 appl. ... . 82 rep. 36, s. 5. .I. Nos. 1733, 1734, 1764, 1780, 2182. 36, s. 6 (3), sch.

46 & 47 Vict.:

c. 55 Revenue Act, 1883 . 17 rep. 36, s. 6 (3), sch.

47 & 48 Vict.:

c. 39 Naval Discipline Act, Rep. (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (1),

1884. sch. 6.

c. 46 Naval Enlistment Act, . 4 rep. in pt 32, s. 2 (2), sch. 1

1884.

c. 54 Yorkshire Registries Act, Saved 56, s. 15 (6).

1884.

49 & 50 Vict.:

c. 50 Removal Terms (Scot- . 5 am 25, s. 26 (1), sch.

land) Act, 1886. 6 paras. 28, 33

50 & 51 Vict.: 0).

c. 13 Pensions (Colonial Ser- Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

vice) Act, 1887. N.A. territories). art. 4 (1).

c. 16 National Debt and Local Appl 4 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 1

Loans Act, 1887. (2).

. 15 appl. (so far as 4 (6 Biz. 2), s. 3.

applicable).

c. 46 Truck Amendment Act, Excl .I. No. 319.

1887.

c. 71 Coroners Act, 1887 Power to apply (prosp.)... 53, s. 82 (1).

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

IX

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 41 Local Government Act, Ss. 42 (4) rep. in pt., 83 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

1888. (13) rep. 4 Pt. I.

c. 42 Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888. Excl 56, s. 153.

52 & 53 Vict.:

c. 63 Interpretation Act, 1889 . 18 excl . 18 (3) restr. (" colony " not to include Ghana). 5.1. No. 1364, art. 4 (4) (5). 6, s.4(l). 28, s. 51 (6). 51, s. 21 (5). 62, s. 18 (4). 5.1. No. 1074. 53, s. 137 (2). 27, s. 88 (4). 55, s. 12 (4). 56, s. 191 (6). 16, s. 9 (5). 20, s. 14 (2).

. 38 saved ... . 38 saved (prosp.)

. 38 saved (E.)... |

. 38 (2) saved (E.) ... . 38 (2) excl

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 5 Lunacy Act, 1890 Ss. 16 appl. (prosp.), 38 3 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 2

(4) expld. {prosp.). (1).

c. 27 Colonial Courts of Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

Admiralty Act, 1890. N.A. territories). art. 4 (5).

. 2 (3) (4) appl. (mod.) .I. No. 858.

(Brunei). . 4 excl \ . 7 restr. ... / 6, s. 1, sch. 1 para. 5.

54 & 55 Vict 55 Vict.:

c. 24 Public Accounts and . 2 ext 63, s. 3.

Charges Act, 1891.

c. 39 Stamp Act, 1891 Excl. (E.) 56, s. 138 (2), sch. 8 para. 2. 56, s. 138 (2),

. 115 appl. (mod.) (E.)...

sch. 8 para. 3.

c. 40 Brine Pumping (Compensation for Subsidence) . 50 excl. 56, s. 152.

Act, 1891.

c. 43 Forged Transfers Act, .I. (exc. subs. (3)) appl. .I. No. 2228,

1891. reg. 32(3).

56 & 57 Vict.:

c. 39 Industrial and Provident . 4 excl. (E.) 56, s. 119 (4).

Societies Act, 1893.

c. 73 Local Government Act, . 7 (1) (a) ()rep. ... 42, s. 15 (2), sch.

1894. 2.

. 63. Power to apply 56, ss. 171 (4),

(mod.). 174.

57 & 58 Vict.:

c. 17 Colonial Officers (Leave Expld. (Caribbean and .I. No. 1364,

of Absence) Act, 1894. N.A. territories). art. 4 (5).

c. 30 Finance Act, 1894 . 7 (10) expld 49, ss. 38 (15), 42(4). 49, ss. 38 (11),

. 16 (3) saved

42 (4).

c. 60 Merchant Shipping Act, Appl 60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1

1894. para. 9.

Excl. in pt Ss. 1, 8-12 excl. (Nigeria) 5.1. No. 1878. 5.1. No. 861, art. 9. 5.1. No. 861, art.

. 24 appl. (mod.)

(Nigeria). 4.

204

X

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

57 *58 Vict.: c. 60—cont. Merchant Shipping Act, 1894—cont. . 59 (2) appl . 427 am. ... | Ss. 735, 736 exd. expld. (Caribbean and N.A. territories). 5.1. Nos. 861, art. 6, 1878. 6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2 para. 7. 60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1 para. 10 (a). 6, s. 1, sch. 1 para. 4. 5.1. No. 1364, art. 4 (5).

58 *59 Vict.: c. 34 Colonial Boundaries Act, 1895. Expld. (Caribbean and N.A. tenitories). .I. No. 1364, art. 4 (5).

59 & 60 Vict.: c. 33 Royal Naval Reserve Volunteer Act, 1896. . 1 (1) rep. in pt. . 2 rep. (prosp.) 32,s.2 (2), sch. 2. 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6.

61 *62 Vict.: c. 37 c. 44 Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898. Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund) Act, 1898. . 83 (10) rep Ss. 3, 5 excl. (Nigeria)... 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. .I. No. 861, art. 9.

62 & 63 Vict.: c. 9 c. 19 Finance Act, 1899 Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. . 8 excl. (E.) (.) . 8 excl. (E.) Sch., s. 10 (b) am. and rep. in pt. (E.) (.). Sch., s. 10 (b)ext. (E.) (.) Sch., s. 10 (b)ext. Sch., s. 50 expld. (E.) (.) Sch., s. 50 proviso excl. (E.) (.). Sch., s. 51 expld. (E.)(.) Sch., s. 57 am. (E.) (.)... Appendix, s. 18 rep. in pt. (E.) (.). 48, s. 26 (6). 56, s. 138 (2), sch. 8 para. 2. 48, ss. 31,42 (3), sch. 5 PL I. 48, ss. 32, 34 (1) (2) (7) (8), sch. 2 para. 1. .I. No. 2227. 48, s. 30 (4). 48, s. 30 (1) (c). 48, s. 30 (4). 48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 PL II. 48, ss. 29 (5), 42 (1), sch. 4 PL D

63 & 64 Vict.: c. 14 c. 52 Colonial Solicitors Act, 1900. Naval Reserve Act, 1900 . 6 (2) expld. (E.) . 1 (4) rep. in pt. 27, s. 5 (2). 32, s. 2 (2), sch. 2.

1 Edw. 7: c. 7 2 Edw. 7: c. 21 Finance Act, 1901 Shops Clubs Act, 1902... . 10 (2) appl. ... . 7 mod. (meaning of " shop club " or " thrift fund "). 5.1. Nos. 1209, 1211. 5.1. No. 319.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 Edw. 7:

c. 6 Naval Forces Act, 1903 Ss. 1 (2) (i) rep. in pt., 3 rep. 32, s. 2 (2), sch. 2.

6 Edw. 7:

c. 17 Bills of Exchange (Crossed Cheques) Act, 1906. Rep 36, s. 6 (3), sch.

c. 23 Open Spaces Act, 1906... . 1 rep. in pt . 7 (3) rep 42, ss. 8 (1), 15 (2), sch. 2. 42, s. 15 (2), sch. 2.

c. 48 Merchant Shipping Act, Excl. in pt .I. No. 1878.

1906. Sch. 1 subst .I. No. 1373.

c. 55 7 Edw. 7: Public Trustee Act, 1906 . 9 (1) am . 9 (5) am 12, s. 1 (1). 12, s. 1 (5).

c. 9 Territorial and Reserve Ss. 23 (1) and 36, as 20, s. 14 (1),

Forces Act, 1907. originally enacted, rep. sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 23 Criminal Appeal Act, 1907. Ext . 6 (1) mod . 18 am. 11, s. 9 (4), sch. 1 para. 2 (3). 52, s. 4 (1). 11, s. 9 (4), sch. 1

c. 29 Patents and Designs Act, . 91A expld. (Caribbean para. 5. .I. No. 1364,

1907. and N.A. territories). art. 4 (5).

c. 51 Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907. . 21 rep. in pt . 38 am. 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 paras. 29, 33 (1).

c. 53 Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907. . 85 excl 16, s. 6 (2).

8 Edw. 7:

c. 57 Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908. Ss. 1, 3 susp. (coal mines) {temp.). .I. No. 751.

9 Edw. 7:

c. 34 Electric Lighting Act, 1909. . 2 am. (E.) (.) ext. (E.) (.) ext. (E.) (.) appl. (mod.) to .... 48, ss. 33, 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. H. 48, s. 34 (1), (2). .I. No. 2227. 48, s. 42 (1), sch, 4 Pt. 11.

c. 41 Naval Discipline Act, 1909. Rep. (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6.

1 A 2 Geo. 5:

c. 20 Geneva Convention Act, 1911. Rep. (saving) 52, s. 6 (9).

c. 24 Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Act, 1911. Rep 62, s. 18 (2), sch.

c. 46 Copyright Act, 1911 ... Power to excl 6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2 para. 12.

c. 47 Naval Discipline (Dominion Naval Forces) Act, 1911. Rep. (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6.

c. 49 Small Landholders (Scotland) Act, 1911. . 8 (1) am. in pt. 59, s. 10 (7).

c. 53 House Letting and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1911. Ss. 4, 5 am 25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 paras. 30, 33 (1).

xii

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Geo. 5:

c. 3 Provisional Collection of Taxes Act, 1913. . 3 am ... 49, s. 9.

c. 17 Fabrics (Misdescription) Act, 1913. Functions of Secy, of State transfd. to Bd. of Trade. .I. No. 1077.

c. 27 Forgery Act, 1913 . 2 (2) () ext.... ... .I. No. 2228, reg. 32 (2).

4 & 5 Geo. 5:

c. 6 Affiliation Orders Act, 1914. Rep ... 55, s. 12 (1), sch.

c. 10 Finance Act, 1914 . 13 saved ... 49, ss. 38 (11), 42 (4).

c. 59 Bankruptcy Act, 1914 ... . 34 saved . 120 (1) rep. ... ... 27, s. 45 (2) (b). 20, s. 14 (1). sch. 4 Pt. 1.

c. 89 Navy (Pledging of Certificates, etc.) Act, 1914. Rep. (prosp.) ... ... 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6.

c. 91 Welsh Church Act, 1914 . 10 (8) rep. ... ... 20, s. 14 (IX sch. 4 Pt. I.

5 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 7 Finance Act, 1914 (Session 2). . 14 (2) rep. ... ... 20, s. 14 (IX sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 30 Naval Discipline Act, 1915. Rep. {prosp.) ... ... 53, s. 137 (IX sch. 6.

c. 55 War Loan Act, 1915 ... . 1 (2) rep. in pt. ... 20, s. 14 (1). sch. 4 PL 1.

c. 73 Naval Discipline (No. 2) Act, 1915. Rep. (prosp.) ... 53, s. 137 (IX sch. 6.

6 & 7 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916. . 1 (4) rep. in pt. . 1 (5) rep., 1 (6) rep. in pt. . 2 (1) am 49, ss. 1 (5X 42 (4) (5), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, s. 42 (4) (5X sch. 9 PL L 49, ss. 1 (7X 42(4).

c. 24 Finance Act, 1916 . 12 rep. . 58 (2) rep. in pt. ... 49, s. 42 (4) (5X sch. 9 Pt. I. 20, s. 14 (IX sch. 4 PL I.

c. 67 War Loan Act, 1916 ... . 1 (2) rep. in pt. ... 20, s. 14 (IX sch. 4 Pt. 1.

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

c. 34 Naval Discipline Act, 1917. Rep. (prosp.) ... 53, s. 137 (IX sch. 6.

c. 41 War Loan Act, 1917 ... . 1 (2) rep. in pt. ... 20, s. 14 (IX sch. 4 PL I,

c. 51 8 & 9 Geo. 5: Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. . 4 rep. in pt . 7, sch. 1 rep. (prosp.) 20, s. 14 (IX sch. 4 PL 1. 53, s. 137 (IX sch. 6.

c. 25 War Loan Act, 1918 ... . 1 (2) rep. in pt. ... 20, s. 14 (IX sch. 4 Pt. I.

9 & 10 Geo. 5:

c. 2 Re-election of Ministers Act, 1919. Rep ... 20, s. 14 (IX sch. 4 PL I.

c. 32 Finance Act, 1919 . 8 (2) mod. ... ... 49, s. 5, sch. 2 para. 2 (2).

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xiii

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 5.:

c. 37 War Loan Act, 1919 ... . 1 (4) rep. in pt. 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 57 Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919. Appl. (mod.) (E.) 56, ss. 59 (1), 64 (3), 74 (4).

Incorp. (mod.) (E.) 56, ss. 43 (3), 51

(2), 57(1), sch. 3 paras. 7, 8.

c. 92 Aliens Restriction . 1 cont. until 31.12.58... 2 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 1

(Amendment) Act, 1919. (1).

c. 94 Nurses Registration Act, Rep 15, s. 34 (1),

1919. sch. 5.

c. 100 Electricity (Supply) Act, . 11 am. (E.) (.) 48, s. 42 (1),

1919. . 29 (3) (4) rep. (E.) (.) sch. 4 Pt. II. 48, s. 42 (3),

sch. 5 Pt. I.

10 & 11 Geo. 5:

c. 17 Increase of Rent and Mod. (E.) (.) 25, s. 11, sch. 4.

Mortgage Interest Mod. (E.) 25, s. 21 (1).

(Restrictions) Act, . 1 rep. in pt. (E.) 25, s. 26 (3),

1920. sch. 8 Pt. I.

. 2 rep. (E.) 25, s. 26 (3),

sch. 8 Pt. I.

. 2 (1) (o) ext. (.) ... 25, s. 18 (1).

expld. (.) ... 25, s. 26 (1), sch.

6 paras. 31, 33 (1).

. 2 (1) (o) proviso excl. 25, s. 18 (4).

(.).

. 3 (1) rep. in pt. (E.), 3 (2) (3) rep. (E.). 25, s. 26 (3),

sch. 8 Pt. I.

. 5 (7) rep. in pt. (E.) (.) 25, s. 26 (3), sch.

8 Pts. I, II.

Ss. 9, 10 rep. (E.) (.) ... 25, ss. 26 (1) (3),

1 sch. 6 paras. 16, 33 (1), sch. 8 Pts. I, II.

Ss. 11, 12 (1) (o) (c) () 25, s. 26 (3),

rep. (E.). sch. 8 Pt. I.

. 12 (1) (#) expld. (E.) (.) 25, s. 17 (1) (3).

. 12 (2) (3) (7) rep. in pt. 25, s. 26 (3),

(E.). sch. 8 Pt. I.

. 14 am. (E.) (.) 25, s. 26 (1),

sch. 6 paras. 1, 33 (1).

. 14 (2) am. (E.) (.) ... 25, s. 26 (1),

sch. 6 paras. 17, 33 (1).

. 15 (3) saved (E.) ... . 17 appl. (E.) (.) ... . 1 excl. 25, s. 21 (1). 25, s. 19 (3).

c. 54 Seeds Act, 1920 .I. No. 579.

c. 67 Government of Ireland . 4 mod. (occupiers* 31, s. 7.

Act, 1920. liability).

. 6 mod. ... / 28, s. 52. 36, s. 7.

. 18 (1) expld 20, s. 10 (4).

. 18 (2) rep. in pt. 20, ss. 10 (2), 14

(1), sch. 4 Pt. 1.

. 18 (7) rep 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

xiv

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1937 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 5:

. c. 21 Dentists Act, 1921 Rep 28, s. 51 (1), sch. 2.

c. 32 Finance Act, 1921 . 8 rep 49, s. 42 (4) (5), sch. 9 Pt. I.

c. 47 Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921. . 1 (2) cxcl 18, s. 2 (4).

c. 52 Exchequer and Audit . 8 (3) rep 45, s. 3 (2).

Departments Act, 1921. superseded 45, s. 2.

12 & 13 Geo. 3:

c. 11 Juries Act, 1922 . 2 (1) saved 28, s. 32 (2).

c. 13 Empire Settlement Act, 1922. Law of Property Act, Am 8, s. 1.

c. 16 . 139 saved 27, s. 74 (6).

1922. . 142A rep Sch. 14 paras. 3, 4 saved 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 PL I. 27, s. 74 (6).

c. 17 Finance Act, 1922 . 43 (2). Modificn. contd. .I. No. 1534.

c. 37 Naval Discipline Act, 1922. Rep. (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6.

13 & 14 Geo. 5:

c. 13 Rent Restrictions (Notices of Increase) Act, 1923. Rep. (E.) 25, s. 26 (3X sch. 8 PL I.

c. 14 Finance Act, 1923 Ss. 11, 12, 39 (3) rep. ... 49, s. 42 (5), sch. 9 PL I.

c. 18 War Memorials (Local Authorities* Powers) Act, 1923. . 2 para, (a) rep. in pt.... 42, ss. 8 (2) (a\ 15 (2), sch. 2.

c. 21 Forestry (Transfer of Woods) Act, 1923. . 5 (2) rep 20, s. 14 (1). sch. 4 PL L

c. 23 Bastardy Act, 1923 Rep 55, s. 12 (1), sch.

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, Mod 25. ss. 11,21 (1), sch. 4.

1923. . 4 rep. in pt . 6 (1) appl. (E.) . 7 rep. (E.) . 8 (1) appl. (E.) . 8 (3) rep. (E.) . 10 (2) rep Ss. 11,18 (2) (3) rep. (E.) 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pts. I, II. 25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 para. 2. 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I. 25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 para. 1 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I. 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pts. 1,11. 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 PL I.

c. 36 Dentists Act, 1923 Rep 28,s.51(l), sch. 2.

14 & 13 Geo. 3:

c. 18 Prevention of Eviction Mod. (E.) (.) 25, s. 11, sch. 4.

Act, 1924. Mod. (E.) 25, s. 21 (1).

c. 21 Finance Act, 1924 Ss. 6 (4), 7 rep 49, s. 42 (5), sch. 9 PL I.

c. 24 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1924. . 4 cont. .I. No. 1359.

c. 27 Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924. . 18 appl .I. No. 2228, reg. 24.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

14 A. 15 Geo. 5:

c. 35 Housing (Financial Provisions) Act, 1924. . 3 (2) (e) am. (E.) ... am. (.) . 3 (3) rep. (E.) 25, ss. 20 (1), 26 (1), sch. 6 para. 11. 25, s. 10. 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I.

am. (.) . 14 (1) rep 25, s. 10 (2). 56, s. 191 (1), sch. 11.

15 & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 5 Law of Property Act (Amendment) Act, 1924. Sch. 2 para. 1 rep. 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 18 Settled Land Act, 1925... Ss. 71, 73 ext 59, s. 11 (7).

c. 19 Trustee Act, 1925 . 63 appl 56, s. 23 (3) (4).

c. 20 Law of Property Act, Pt. Ill appl 56, s. 10 (7).

1925. . 28 ext. 59, s. 11 (7).

c. 21 Land Registration Act, 1925. . 144 saved 27, s. 74 (c).

c. 22 Land Charges Act, 1925 Saved . 10 saved . 15 ext . 15 (6) appL 56, s. 15 (6). 56, s. 104 (5). 33, s. 4 (1). 56, s. 104 (5).

c. 24 Universities and College Estates Act, 1925. Ss. 26, 31 ext 59, s. 11 (7).

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage Mod. (E.) (.) 25, s. 11, sch. 4.

Interest (Restrictions Continuation) Act, 1925. Mod. (E.) 25, s. 21 (1).

c. 33 Church of Scotland (Property and Endowments) Act, 1925. . 36 mod 30, s. 1.

c. 36 Finance Act, 1925 . 7(1) rep., sch. 3 Pt. Ill rep. so far as relating to hops. 49, ss. 3 (2), 42 (5), sch. 9 Pt. n.

c.49 Supreme Court of Judi- . 12 (2) rep 20, s. 14 (1),

cature (Consolidation) sch. 4 Pt. I.

Act, 1925. . 27 ext . 49 appl . 120 saved excl . 162 (1) ext . 215 (1) rep 48, s. 27 (4). 28, s. 46 (2). 27, s. 2 (2). 27, s. 50 (1). 35, s. 2 (4). 27,s.88(l),sch. 3.

c. 56 Isle of Man (Customs) . 5 cont.

Act, 1925. . 5 (2) ext . 7, as am., cont. ^.I. No. 1359.

c. 88 Coastguard Act, 1925 ... . 2 rep. in pt. (prosp.) ... . 2 saved (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6. 53, s. 138 (2).

c. 90 Rating and Valuation Act, 1925. . 22 (1) ()appl. . 64 (3) expld 17, s. 1 (3). 56, s. 118 (3).

16 & 17 Geo. 5:

c. 15 Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926. Ext . 15 am. ll,s. 9(4),sch. 1, para. 8 (3). 11, s.9(4), sch. 1, para. 11.

XVI

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

16 & 17 Geo. 5:

c. 22 Finance Act, 1926 . 45 rep. superseded 45, s. 3 (2). 45, s. 2.

c. 27 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926. . 8 cont. .I. No. 1359.

c. 51 Electricity (Supply) . 44 (1) appl 48, s. 32 (2).

Act, 1926. ext 48, s. 34 (7).

c. 56 Housing (Rural Workers) . 1 ext. (E.) 56, s. 114 (3).

Act, 1926. . 3excl.(E.) . 3 (1) (b) subst. (E.) ... am. (.) . 4 (2A) ext. (E.) 56, ss. 113 (6). 114(4). 25, ss. 20 (1), 26 (1), sch. 6 para. 12. 25, s. 10. 56, s. 114(3).

c. 60 Legitimacy Act, 1926 ... Sch. ext Sch. para. 2 mod. 39, s. 1 (1). 39, s. 1 (1), proviso.

c. 63 Sale of Food (Weights and Measures) Act, 1926. . 12 (1M3) appl. (mod.) .I. No. 1880, reg. 5 (1).

17 & 18 Geo. 5:

c. 18 Royal Naval Reserve Act, 1927. . 1 (1) rep 32, s. 2 (2), sch. 2.

c. 36 Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927. . 16 am. 25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6, para. 3.

c. 37 ... Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927. Rep 51, s. 21 (1), sch.

c. 39 Medical and Dentists Ss. 2 (1) rep. in pt., 2 (2), 28, s. 51 (1), sch.

Acts Amendment Act, 1927. 3 (3) rep. 2.

18 & 19 Geo. 5:

c. 17 Finance Act, 1928 . 2 (1). Temporary increase ended (duty restored to 2s. 6d.) . 28 rep. .I. No. 620. 51, s. 21 (1), sdu

c. 26 Administration of Justice Act, 1928. . 14 (1) (/) rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. 1.

c. 32 Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Appl. in pt. (mod.) .l. No. 859.

19 & 20 Geo. 5:

c. 16 Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Act, 1929. Rep 62, s. 18 (2), sch.

c. 21 Finance Act, 1929 . 4 (1) rep 49, s. 42 (5), sch. 9 Pt. II.

c. 36 Age of Marriage Act, 1929. Rep. (E.) 55, s. 12 (1), sch.

20 &21 Geo. 5:

c. 1 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1929. . 3 cont. .I. No. 1359.

c. 23 Mental Treatment Act, 1930. Appl. (prosp.) 3 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 2 (2).

c. 42 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1930. . 4 am .l. No. 1359.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

XVII

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

20 & 21 Geo. 5:

c. 43 Road Traffic Act, 1930... Ss. 4 (1) exd., 9 saved, .I. No. 1074.

9 (3) excl. Ss. 35, 40 mod . 49 appl 5.1. No. 891. 5.1. No. 13, reg. 5. 44, s. 1 (2).

Pt. IV (ss. 61-100)excl....

. 63 (12) rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

. 77 (1) excl .I. No. 1074.

. 113 (3) appl 51, s. 12 (3).

ext. (E.) 29, s. 2.

Sch. 1 am .l. No. 340.

c. 45 Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act, 1930. . 5 (1) mod 52, s. 4 (1).

21 & 22 Geo. 5:

c. 9 Colonial Naval Defence Ext. (prosp.) . 2 (2) rep. in pt (prosp ). 53, s. 115(1).

Act, 1931. 53, s. 137 (1),

4 (4) rep. (prosp.) sch. 6.

c. 13 House of Commons Dis- Rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

qualification (Declaration of Law) Act, 1931. 4 Pt. I.

c. 15 Yarmouth Naval Hospital Rep. (prosp.) 3 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 4

Act, 1931. (4).

c. 39 Housing (Rural Authori- Ss. 2, 3 rep. (E.) 56, s. 191 (1),

ties) Act, 1931. sch. 11.

c. 42 Agricultural Marketing Excl. (E.) (.) 57, s. 29.

Act, 1931.

C.A.M. No. 4 Channel Islands (Church Ss. 2, 3 rep. in pt. C.A.M. No. 1,

Legislation) Measure, 1931. Sch. para. 4 am. s. 1. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 2.

22 & 23 Geo. 5:

c. 8 Import Duties Act, 1932 . 1 (2) (a) excl. 18, s. 2 (4).

. 4 ext. (Ghana) 6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2

para. 3.

ext. (Federation of 60, s.2(l), sch. 1

Malaya). para. 7.

. 19 0M4) appl. ... 18, s. 11 (1).

Sch. 1 am .I. Nos. 416,

502, 785, 925, 1233, 1388,

1515, 1625, 1766, 1848, 1905, 2045, 2161.

c. 16 Isle of Man (Customs) . 2 ext. (Ghana) 6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2

Act, 1932. para. 3.

ext. (Federation of 60, s. 2(1), sch. 1

Malaya). para. 7.

c. 24 Wheat Act, 1932 Rep. (prosp.) 57, ss. 10 (4), 36

(1) (b), sch. 4 Pt. II.

. 7 0) «pld 57,s.lO(3).

c. 37 Solicitors Act, 1932 Rep 27, s. 88 (1), sch. 3. .I. No. 1359.

c. 41 Isle of Man (Customs) . 9 cont.

(No. 2) Act, 1932.

c. 44 Bills of Exchange Act Rep 36, s. 6 (3), sch.

(1882) Amendment Act, 1932.

xviii

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 . 2

Session and Chapter of 1957 Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

22 A 23 Geo. 5:

c. 53 Ottawa Agreements Act, . 7 saved 49, s. 4.

1932. Sch. 1 Pt. II superseded... 49, s. 4.

23 A 24 Geo. 5:

c. 6 Visiting Forces (British . 4 appl. (Ghana) 6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2

Commonwealth) Act, para. 5.

1933. saved (prosp.) 53, s. 121 (1).

appl. (Federation of 60, s. 2 (1). sch

Malaya). 1 para. 3.

. 8 appl. (Ghana) 6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2

para. 5.

appl. (Federation of Malaya). 60, s. 2(1), sch. 1 para. 3.

c. 12 Children and Young . 53 (1) subst 11, s. 9(3).

Persons Act, 1933. . 88 saved 55, s. 5 (1), (2)

(a) (6).

c. 19 Finance Act, 1933 . 2 (2) rep. in pt. 49, ss. 3 (5), 42

(5), sch. 9 PL II.

. 2 (4) rep 49, s. 42 (5),

sch. 9, Pt. II.

Sch. 5 am. (regs.) 49, s. 6.

c. 24 Solicitors Act, 1933 Rep 27, s. 88 (1),

sch. 3.

c. 31 Agricultural Marketing Excl. (E.) (.) 57, s. 29.

Act, 1933.

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage Mod 25, s. 11, sch. 4.

Interest Restrictions Mod. (E.) 25, s. 21 (1).

(Amendment) Act, . 3 excl. (E.) 56, ss. 16 (5X 22

1933. (5), 27 (5), 36 (3), 45 (6), 57 (9), 73 (4), 84,

158 (1).

. 3 (2) ext. (E.) . 4 expld 56, s. 68 (2). 25, s. 26 (IX

sch. 6 para. 4.

Ss. 4 (2) (3) rep. in pt. 25, s. 26 (3X

(E.), 6, 7 rep. (E.). sch. 8 PL I.

. 8 (1) expld 25, s. 26 (I),

sch. 6 para. 4.

. 10 am. 25, s. 26 (IX

sch. 6 paras. 18, 33 (1).

. 11 am. 25, s. 26 (IX

sch. 6 paras. 18, 33 (1).

. 14 am. 25, s. 26 (IX

sch. 6 paras. 19, 33 (1) (2).

. 14 (3) am 25, s. 26 (IX

sch. 6 paras. 20, 33 (1).

Sch. 1 appl. (E.) Sch. 1 para, (h) subst. ... 25, s. 1 (1), sch. 1 para. 1 (3). 25, s. 26 (1>,

1 1 sch. 6 paras. 21, 33 (I).

Sch. 2 rep. in pt. (E.) ... 25, s. 26 (3X

sch. 8 PL I.

c. 40 Isle of Man (Customs) . 4 cont. .I. No. 1359.

Act, 1933.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

23 & 24 Geo. 5: c. 51

Local Government Act, 1933.

c. 53

24 & 25 Geo. 5: c. 1

c. 30

c. 45

c. 47

c. 49

c. 50

c. 53

Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933.

Agricultural Marketing (No. 2) Act, 1933. Cotton Manufacturing Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934. Solicitors Act, 1934

Colonial Stock Act, 1934

Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act, 1934.

Road Traffic Act, 1934...

County Courts Act, 1934

. 47 saved *..

. 50 (1) am

. 108 ext

. 115 (1) proviso subst. . 116 (1) proviso subst. . 148 (1) appL ...

. 150appl.

. 151 appL ...

. 163 appL . 193 (3) expld. am.

. 193 (4) rep. in pt.

. 193 (5) am. ...

. 195 rep. in pt.

. 217 para, (c) am. ...

. 242 saved

. 250 (3H5) excl.

. 290 appl

. 292 saved

. 305. Definition of "Adoptive Acts" rep. in pt.

Sch. 3 Pt. VI para. 2 (2) expld.

Sch. 4 appl

Schs. 7, 8 am

. 1 excl

. 4 (1) expld

Excl. (E.) (.) . Ss. 1,2 expired.

Ss. 1 (1) rep., 1 (2) rep. in pt., 1 (3) rep., 2(1) rep. m pt., 2 (2) rep.

. 1 (2) am.

. 17 (1) am.

. 8 expld.

. 13(1) excl. ...

. 19 (2) rep. ... . 23(1) am. ... . 31(1) excl. ... . 6 para, (a) rep.

Ss. 30, 86, saved . 88(1) mod. ... . 91 (1) (c) am.

42, s. 3 (2).

42, s. 12.

56, s. 86.

19, s. 1 (1).

19, s. 1 (2).

42, s. 3 (4).

42, s. 3 (4).

56, s. 115 (3).

42, s. 3 (4).

56, s. 47 (1) (a). 42, ss. 1 (3), 3 (8). 42, ss. 1(3), 3 (8), 15(l)(a),sch.l. 42, ss. 8 (2) (6), 15 (2), sch. 2. 42, s. 15 (1) (6). 42, ss. 8 (2) (c), 15 (2), sch. 2. 56, s. 190, sch. 10. 27, s. 74 {).

56, s. 147 (1).

42, s. 5 (3).

56, s. 134 (1).

42, s. 15 (2), sch. 2.

42, s. 3 (5).

56, s. 115(3).

56, s. 190, sch. 10.

5.1. No. 525.

5.1. No. 1074, art. 6 (2).

57, s. 29.

27, s. 88 (1), sch. 3.

6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2 para. 4.

60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1 para. 8 (1).

6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2 para. 11.

60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1 para. 13.

51, s. 11 (2).

5.1. No. 891, reg.

6(1).

51, s. 21 (1), sch. 42, s. 3 (9).

5.1. No. 1074.

20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

27, s. 2 (2).

59, s. 13 (4).

56, s. 190, sch. 10.

XX

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

24 *25 Geo. 5:

c. 53—cont. County Courts Act, 1934 . 99 ext. 56, s. 38 (1).

—cont. Ss. 182 rep. in pt., 184 rep. 27, s. 88 (1), sch. 3.

25 & 26 Geo. 5:

c. 13 Increase of Rent and Mod. (E.) (.) 25, s. 11, sch. 4.

Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1935. Mod. (E.) 25, s. 21 (1).

c. 23 Superannuation Act, 1935 . 3 (4) am . 4 (2) appl 37, s. 3 (1). 62, s. 10 (2) ( ).

c. 38 House of Commons Disqualification (Declaration of Law) Act, 1935. Rep 20, s. 14 (IX sch. 4 Pt. L

c. 40 Housing Act, 1935 . 62 rep. 56, s. 191 (IX sch. 11.

c. 41 Housing (Scotland) Act, Ss. 31, 36 rep 38, s. 28 (2X

1935. sch. 3.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8:

c. 25 Pensions (Governors of Dominions, etc.) Act, 1936. Rep 62, s. 18 (2), sch.

c. 31 Old Age Pensions Act, 1936. Sch. 1 am 1 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 3 (2).

c. 35 Solicitors Act, 1936 Rep., except s. 14 27, s. 88 (IX sch. 3.

c. 43 Tithe Act, 1936 Sch. 2 para. 4 rep. 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 45 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1936. . 3 cont. .I. No. 1359.

c. 49 Public Health Act, 1936 Appl . 6 ext . 69 (2) saved ! . 75 (3) am Ss. 116(2), 117 saved ... . 230 (2) rep . 277 appl Ss. 283 appl. (mod.), 284, 285, 287-289, 300-302 appl. Ss. 331, 333, 334 excl. ... 56, s. 131. 56, ss. 138 (3), 154. 56, s. 148 (3). .I. No. 304. 56, s. 103 (1). 42, s. 15 (2X sch. 2. 33, s. 6 (6). 40, s. 8 (1). 56, s. 103 (1).

c. 50 Public Health (London) Appl 56, s. 131.

Act, 1936. . 277 appl . 292. Power to apply (mod.). 56, s. 112 (4). 56, s. 177 (3).

c. 51 Housing Act, 1936 Ss. 1-85 rep., 86 rep. (saving), 87, 88 rep., 89 (1) rep., 89 (2) rep. in pt., 93,94(1) (2) (5) (6), 95-104 rep. . 115 (2) (3) ext. Ss. 116-118 rep., 119 rep. (saving), 120, 121 rep., 122-124 rep. (saving), 126,127,135-152,154-168, 175, 178 (2), 179, 181-185,187, schs. 1-5, 9, 11 rep. 56, s. 191 (1), sch. 11. 56, s. 114(2). 56, s. 191 (I), sch. 11.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xxi

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1 Edw. 8

1 Geo. 6:

c. 14 East India Loans Act, . 11 rep. 20, s. 14 (1),

1937. sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 15 Geneva Convention Act, Rep. (saving) 52, s. 6 (9).

1937.

c. 18 Empire Settlement Act, . 1 (1) am 8, s. 1 (1).

1937.

c. 37 Children and Young Per- . 57 (1) subet. 11, s. 9 (3).

sons (Scotland) Act, 1937.

c. 38 Ministers of the Crown . 1 (1) (6) am 47, ss. 1(1) (6), 4

Act, 1937. (1), 5 (2), sch. 1.

. 1 (2) am 47, ss. 1 (1) (a), 4 (1), 5 (2),

sch. 1.

. 1 (2) (a) subst. 47, ss. 1(2), 4(1),

5(2), sch. 1.

. 4 (2) proviso excl. ... 47, ss. 2, 5 (2).

. 5 am . 6 (2) rep 47, ss. 1 (3), 4 (1), 5 (2), sch. 1. 47, ss. 2, 4 (2), 5 (2), sch. 2. 20, s. 14 (1),

. 9 rep

sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 50 Livestock Industry Act, Rep 57, ss. 10 (1), 36

1937. (1) (a), sch. 4 Pt.I.

c. 54 Finance Act, 1937 Pt. Ill appl. (mod.) 49, s. 29 (4),

sch. 7.

. 22 expld Sch. 4 para. 2 mod. ... 49, s. 29 (4), sch. 7 para. 9. 49, s. 29 (4), sch.

7 para. 1 (2).

excl. 49, s. 29 (4), sch.

7 para. 13.

Sch. 4 para. 7 (1) (a) ( ) 49, s. 29 (2).

excl.

c. 64 Isle of Man (Customs) . 3 cont. .I. No. 1359.

Act, 1937.

c. 67 Factories Act, 1937 . 123 appl 40, s. 8 (2).

c. 68 Local Government Super- Power to apply (mod.)... 56, s. 115 (4).

annuation Act, 1937. Excl . 35 appl 5.1. No. 2197, r. 8. 5.1. No. 2197,

r. 10.

c. 69 Local Government Super- Excl .I. Nos. 1122,

annuation (Scotland) r. 9,2173, r. 11.

Act, 1937. . 30 ext. .I. Nos. 1122,

r. 12, 2173, r. 13.

c. 70 Agriculture Act, 1937 ... Ss. 6-12 rep 57, s. 36 (1) (o), sch. 4 Pt. I. 57, ss. 10 (4),

. 13 rep

36 (1) (a), sch. 4 Pt. I.

Ss. 14, 29 (1) ( ) rep., 32 57, s. 36 (1) (a).

rep. in pt. (definitions of44 acre " and 44 home- sch. 4 Pt. I.

grown *’), 33 para. (<), sch. 1 rep. 1

xxii

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 El 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or

Statutory

1 & 2 Geo. 6: c. 12 ...

c. 16 ...

Instrument

Population (Statistics) Act, 1938.

Housing (Financial Provisions) Act, 1938.

Cent, as amd. until 31.12.58.

. 2 ext

. 2 (2) rep

2 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 1

(1).

56, s. 114 (1).

56, s. 191 (1), sch. 11.

c. 17 ...

c. 25 ... c. 26 ...

c. 35 ... c. 38 ...

c. 46 ...

c. 64 ... c. 68 ...

c. 71 ...

2 & 3 Geo. 6: c. 3 ...

c. 10 ... c. 37 ... c. 38 ...

Cinematograph Films Act, 1938.

Eire (Confirmation of Agreements) Act, 1938. Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1938.

Housing (Rural Workers) Amendment Act, 1938. Housing (Agricultural Population) (Scotland) Act, 1938.

Finance Act, 1938

Naval Discipline (Amendment) Act, 1938.

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1938.

Bacon Industry Act, 1938.

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act,

1938.

Bacon Industry (Amendment) Act, 1939.

Wheat (Amendment) Act,

1939.

Ministry of Supply Act, 1939.

. 3 (1) (b subsL

. 9 am. (max. fees)

. 24 am. (max. fee) ...

. 25 appl

. 3 (3) rep., 3 (4) rep. in

pt.

Mod. (E.) (.)

Mod. (E.)

. 5 rep. (E.)

. 7 (2) rep. (E.)

. 7 (4) rep

. 7 (5) am

Sch. 2 rep. in pt.

rep. in pt. (E.) ... Ss. 4, 6 rep. (E.)

. 2 rep

25, ss. 20 (1), 26 (1), sch.6 para. 13.

21, s. 15 (2) t3).

21, s. 15(1).

21, s. 8 (2).

57, s. 36 (1) (a), sch. 4 Pt. 1.

25, s. 11, sch. 4.

25, s. 21 (1).

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I.

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I.

25, s. 26 (3). sch. 8 Pts. I, II.

25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 paras. 24, 33 (1).

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pts. I, n.

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I.

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. L

38, s. 28 (2), sch. 3.

. 42 (2) (3) appl.

. 42 (5) excl

Sch. 4 Pt. I appl. (mod.) Rep. (prosp.)

. 3 am.

49, s. 36 (2).

49, s. 29 (4), sch.

7 para. 10.

49, s. 32 (5).

53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6.

.I. No. 1359.

Rep.

. 5 rep....

f 57, ss. 30 (5X 1 36 (1) (c), sch.

1 4 PL III.

L .I. No. 2078.

.. 38, s. 28 (2),

sch. 3.

Rep

Rep. (prosp.) ... . 1 (3) (bam. ...

57, ss. 30 (5). 36 (1) (c). sch. 4 Pt. III.

.I. No. 2078. 57, ss. 10 (4). 36 (1) (6), sch. 4 Pt. II.

47, ss. 1 (1) (a), 4 (1), 5 (2k sch. 1.

. 1 (3) (c) rep. ...

... 20, s. 14 (1).

sch. 4 Pt. I.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xxiii

Session and

Chaj

of!

i. or No. Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

2 & 3 Geo. 6:

c. 40 ...

London Government Act, 1939.

. 79 ext

Ss. 82 (1) proviso (6), 83 (1) proviso rep. . 134 (1), proviso, sch. 5

56, s. 86.

19, s. 1 (3).

56, s. 190, sch. 10.

am.

c. 48 ...

... Agricultural Development Act, 1939.

Ss. 1-26 rep.

57, ss. 10 (1), 36 (1) sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 49 ...

c. 62 ...

c. 70 ...

... House of Commons Members' Fund Act, 1939.

Ss. 33, 34 (1) (4), 35 (1) rep., 35 (2) rep. in pt., 36, 37 rep., 38 (1) rep. in pt. (definitions of "acre", "homegrown ", " the Ministers ", " ploughing "), 38 (2H4), 39 (c),

schs. 1, 2 rep.

. 1 (3) am

Sch. 1 paras. 1,2,2A am. Sch. 3 am

... Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939.

. 3 (2) ext.

... Ships and Aircraft (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1939.

Restr.

57, s. 36 (1) (a), sch. 4 Pt. I.

5.1. No. 1919.

5.1. No. 388.

24, s. 2.

6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2 para. 9.

60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1 para. 11.

6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2 para. 10.

60, s. 2(1), sch. 1 para. 12.

c. 71 ...

c. 77 ...

c. 107

c. 110

c. 117

3 &4 Geo. 6:

c. 14 ...

c. 28 ... c. 29 ... c. 38 ...

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1939.

Ministers of the Crown (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939.

Patents, Designs, Copyright and Trade Marks (Emergency) Act, 1939.

Solicitors (Disciplinary Committee) Act, 1939.

National Loans Act, 1939.

Mod

Mod. (E.)

Sch. 1 rep. in pt. (E.) ...

rep. in pt.

. 1 (2) (3) rep., so far as in force.

. 6 saved

Rep

Appl. (temp.)

25, s. 11, sch. 4.

25, s. 21 (1).

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I.

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pts. I, II.

20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

13, s. 2 (2) proviso.

27, s. 88 (1), sch. 3.

9, s. 2 (6).

Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940.

Powers of Attorney Act, 1940.

Finance Act, 1940

Truck Act, 1940

Ss. 1-7 rep. (prosp.)

Ss. 8-13 rep.

. 28 rep. (saving) . 32 (5) rep. ...

57, ss. 10 (4), 36 (1) (6), sch. 4 Pt. II.

57, s. 36 (1) (o), sch. 4 Pt. I.

57, s. 36 (1)

(4), sch. 4 Pt. I. 57, s. 36 (1) (o), sch. 4 Pt. I.

Schs. 1, 2 rep. (prosp.) ...

Sch. 3 rep

Appl

57, ss. 10 (4), 36 (1) sch. 4 Pt. II.

57, s. 36 (1) (a), sch. 4 Pt. I.

.I. No. 2240,

. 43 ext.

expld.

Excl

r. 34.

49, s. 38(12) (16) 49, s. 38(13) (16). .I. No. 319.

xxiv

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 I Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Geo. 6.

c. 40 Colonial Development and Welfare Act, 1940. Expld. (Caribbean and N.A. territories). . 1 mod. (Ghana) excl. (Tanganyika) excl. (Federation of Malaya). .I. No. 1364, art. 4 (5). 6, s. 3 (1H3). 54, s. 1 (2). 60, s. 2 (1), proviso (c).

4 & 5 Geo. 6:

c. 29 Naval Discipline (Amendment) Act, 1941. Rep. (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (I), sch. 6.

c. 46 Solicitors Act, 1941 Rep 27, s. 88 (1), sch. 3.

5 & 6 Geo. 6:

c. 23 Minister of Works Act, 1942. . 4 rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

6 & 7 Geo. 6:

c. 5 Minister of Town and Country Planning Act, 1943. . 4 rep r 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 15, s. 34 (1),

c. 17 Nurses Act, 1943 Rep sch. 5. 16, s. 9 (1), sch.

c. 21 War Damage Act, 1943 Pt. lands. 14excl. (N.I.) . 25. Power to apply (mod.) (E.) (.). Sch. 1 para. 3 rep. 14, s. 1 (1). 59, s. 1 (7), sch. 2 para. 6. 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 PL I.

c. 32 Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland) Act, 1943. Ss. 2 (4) subst., 10A, 17 am. Sch. 1 para. 2 rep. 48, s. 42 (I), sch. 4 PL 11. 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 44 Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act, 1943. Cont. as amd. until 31.3.59. Restr Ext . 5 rep. in pt 2 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (2). 25, s. 12. 25, s. 19(2). 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 PL n.

7 & 8 Geo. 6:

c. 31 Education Act, 1944 ... Pt. III. Apptd. day fixed (30.9.57). .I. No. 96.

c. 46 Ministry of National Insurance Act, 1944. . 3 (1) (b) am . 4 rep 47, ss. 1 (1) («), 4 (1), 5 (2), sch. 1. 20, s. 14 U), sch. 4 PL I.

c. 47 Town and Country Planning Act, 1944. . 30 (2), sch. 5 para. 9 (4) (5) am. 56, s. 190, sch. 10.

8 & 9 Geo. 6:

c. 6 Nurses Act, 1945 Rep 16, s. 9 (1), sch.

c. 8 Road Transport Lighting (Cycles) Act, 1945. Rep 51, s. 21 (1), sch.

c. 18 Local Authorities Loans Act, 1945. . 6 para, (c) rep. 56, s. 191 (1), sch. 11.

c. 19 Ministry of Fuel and Power Act, 1945. Minister re-styled 44 Minister of Power ". . 4 rep .I. No. 48. 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 33 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945. . 18(1) am . 18 (2) mod . 18 (5) expld . 19 mod am. 38, s. 13 (3) (5). 38, s. 13 (5) (6). 38, s. 17. 38, s. 13 (5) (a). 38, s. 25.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xxv

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

8 & 9 Geo. 6:

c. 33—cont. Town and Country Plan- Sch. 5 para. 8 (1) am. ... 38, s. 13 (3).

ning (Scotland) Act, Sch. 6. Power to apply 38, s. 22 (1) (3).

1945—cont. (mod.).

Sch. 6 para. 1 expld. ... 38, s. 22 (5).

c. 35 Forestry Act, 1945 . 1 (3) rep 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 41 Family Allowances Act, . 5 applied by virtue of 26, s. 6 (5).

1945.

c. 43 Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945. . 1 (4) rep 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 10 Supplies and Services (Transitional Powers) Cont. until 10.12.58 ... .I. No. 2056.

Act, 1945

c. 18 Statutory Orders (Special . 8 (3) expld. (E.) ... 56, ss. 137 (3),

Procedure) Act, 1945. 144, sch. 9

c. 20 Building Materials and Ss. 7,9 (3) (a)(6), (4) ext. para. 3 (2). 56, s. 104 (4).

Housing Act, 1945. (mod.) (E.).

c. 26 Emergency Laws (Transi- Ss. 3 (1), 18 cont. until .I. No. 2057.

tional Provisions) Act, 1946 Bank of England Act, 10.12.58.

c. 27 Sch. 2 para. 4 rep. in pt. 20, s. 14 (1),

1946. sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 31 Ministers of the Crown Ss. 1 (3) (</), 2 expld. ... 20, s. 2 (3).

(Transfer of Functions) Act, 1946.

c. 34 Furnished Houses (Rent Cont. as amd. until 2 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 1

Control) Act, 1946. 31.3.59. (2).

Restr 25, s. 12(1H6).

Ext 25, s. 19 (1).

. 7 rep. in pt r 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I. 27, ss. 46 (7),

c. 36 Statutory Instruments Act, 1946. Appl -j 56(7). 28, s. 48 (1).

Excl 32, s. 1 (3).

c. 37 StTaits Settlements (Re- Sch. rep. in pt 60, s. 4 (2), sch. 2.

peal) Act, 1946.

c. 48 Housing (Financial and . 1 (1) ext 56, s. 114(1).

Miscellaneous Provi- . 13 (2) rep 25, s. 26 t3).

sions) Act, 1946. sch. 8 Pt. I.

. 19 (1) (2) rep. 56, s. 191 (1),

sch. 11.

c. 49 Acquisition of Land Appl. (mod.) (E.) 56, ss. 12 (1), 29

(Authorisation Proce- (0,97(1), sch.

dure) Act, 1946. 1 para. 1 (1), sch. 7 para. 1

(0-

Expld. (E.) 56, s. 144, sch. 9

para. 3 (2).

. 1 (4) (6) rep 56, s. 191 (1),

sch. 11.

Sch. 1 para. 3 (1) (6) 56, ss. 12 (1), 29

(mod.) (E.). (l)>sch. 1 para. 2(1).

Sch. 1 para. 19 saved (E.) 56, ss. 12 (1), 29

(l).sch. 1 para. 2(2).

Sch. 2 Pt. I para. 2 (6) 56, s. 191 (1),

1 rep. in pt. sch. 11.

xxvi

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 E.2

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 49—cont. Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Proco- Sch. 2 para. 3 mod. 56, ss. 12 (1), 29

(1), 98, sch. 1

dure) Act, 1946.—cont. Sch. 4 rep. so far as para. 3. 56, s. 191 (!>,

amending the Housing Act, 1936. sch. 11.

c. 55 Ministerial Salaries Act, . 1 (1) (c) rep 47, ss. 4 (2), 5 (2),

1946. sch. 2. 47, ss. 1 (1) (b\

. 1 (3) am

4 (1), 5 (2). sch. 1.

. 1 (4) am 47, ss. 1 (1) (aX

4 (1), 5 (2), sch. 1.

. 2 am 47, ss. 1 (1) (a).

4 (i), 5 ax sch. 1.

. 3 rep 47, ss. 4 a), 5 ax

sch. 2.

c. 58 Borrowing (Control and . 1 saved (E.) 27, s. 32 (1),

Guarantees) Act, 1946. sch. 2 para. 4.

c. 59 Coal Industry Nationali- . 2 (4) rep 20, s. 14 (1),

sation Act, 1946. sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 62 National Insurance (In- Appl. (mod.) .I. Nos. 856,

dustrial Injuries) Act, art. 2, 1879.

1946. Ss. 11 (3), 12 (6), 13 (1) am. . 14 (1) am 1 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 1 a), sch. 2. 1 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (2), sch. 2. 1 (6 Eliz. 2),

. 14 (3) am

s. 4 (1), sch. 5. 1 (6 Eliz. 2X

. 15 (2) am

s. 1 aX sch. 2.

. 17 am. . 17 U) am 26, s. 6 (3) (4) (e). 1 (6 Eliz. 2).

s. 1 (2), sch. 2.

. 17 (2) rep. in pt. and 26, s. 6 ax

am.

. 18 (1) am 1 (6 Eliz. 2).

s. 1 (2). sch. 2.

. 18 (1) (a)am. Ss. 19 (3) (4), 20 (2) am. 26, s. 3 (5), sch. 1 (6 Eliz. 2),

s. 1 (2), sch. 2. 26, s. 6 (4) (A 1 (6 Eliz. 2), ss. 1

. 21 am. . 21 (1) am

(2), 4 (1) schs. 2.5.

Ss. 29 (1) (a), 30 (2) am. 1 (6 Eliz. 2). s. 4 (1), sch. 5 26, ss. 3 (5), 6 (6).

. 35 (1) am

sch.

. 36 (1) (6) appl., 36 (1) 26, s. 6 (5).

(6) (iii) rep. in pt. . 69 (3) mod. (E.) ... 29, s. 1 (4).

Sch. 2 Pt. I am 1 (6 Eliz. 2).

s. 1 (1), sch. 1.

Sch. 3 am 1 (6 Eliz. 2),

Sch. 4 para. 1 am. s. 1 (2), »ch. 1 1 (6 Eliz. 2).

s. 4 (1), sch. 5.

c. 64 Finance Act, 1946 . 8 rep 49, s. 42 (5),

sch. 9 PL I.

. 52 ext. (E.) (.) 48, s. 26 (6).

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xxvii

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 67 National Insurance Act, Am 34, s. 3 (1).

1946. Appl. (mod.) .I. Nos. 855,856

art. 2, 1879.

. 1 (3) (c) expld. 26, s. 4.

. 10 am. 26, s. 5 (1).

. 11 (2) (a) (i) ext. 26,8.4(1).

. 17 am. 1 (6 Eliz. 2),

s. 4 (1), sch. 5.

. 17 (2) (c) mod. 26, s. 2 (1) (c).

. 17 (2) proviso appl.... 26, s. 5 (3) pro-

viso.

. 18 (1) (a), (4) (a) mod. 26, s. 2 (1) (c).

. 19 am. 26, s. 6 (4) (a).

. 19 (1) proviso am. ... 26, s. 6 (1) (a).

. 19 (3) rep 26, s. 6 (1) (6).

. 20 (2) (,£) subst. 26, s. 2 (4).

. 20 (4) mod .I. No. 1309,

reg. 2.

. 20 (5) mod .I. No. 1332,

reg. 6.

. 21 (1) mod 26, s. 2 (1) (a).

. 21 (2) proviso mod.... . 21 (3) (a)excl. 26, s. 2 (2). .I. No. 1309,

reg. 2.

. 21 (6) mod 26, s. 2 (1) (6).

. 22 subst 26, s. 7 (1).

. 23 am. 26, s. 6 (3), (4) (6).

. 23 (2 )rep. in pt., 23 (3) 26, s. 6 (2).

am.

. 23 (i) (b)am. 1 (6 Eliz. 2),

s. 4 (1), sch. 5.

. 24(1) am 26, s. 3 (1).

. 24 (2) (o)(6) excl. ... 26, s. 2 (3).

. 24 (2A) added 26, s. 3 (2).

. 24 (3) (a)rep. 26, s. 3 (3).

. 25 mod 26, s. 2 (3).

. 25 (2) am . 26 (1H3) subst. 26, s. 5 (4). 26, s. 2 (3).

(saving), 26 (4) rep. in pt.

. 34 (1) am 26, ss. 3 (4), 6 (6).

. 35 (1) excl 37 reo s! 43 (2) appl., 43 (2) (c) 34, s. 3 (1) (2). 34, s. 2 (2) (a).

26, s. 6 (5).

rep. in pt. . 46 13) (6) ext. 26, s. 7 (1).

Ss. 56, 57 ext 34, s. 3 (6).

. 61 am. 26, s. 8.

Ss. 63, 64 expld. 34,s.4 (4).

. 71 (3) mod 26, s. 2 (1) (</).

excl .I. No. 1309,

. 72 (2) am reg. 2. 1 (6 Eliz. 2),

s. 4 vl). sch. 5.

. 74 saved 1 (6 Eliz. 2).

s.2(4).

. 77 excl 1 (6 Eliz. 2),

r s. 7 (2). 34, ss. 2,3, sch. 3

Sch. 1 subst. ... < 1 (6 Eliz. 2)*

I s. 2 (1), sch. 3-

xxviii

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz.2

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 67—cont. National Insurance Act, Sch. 2 subst 1 (6 Biz. 2X

1946—cont. Sch. 4 rep s. 2 (2). sch. 4. 34, s. 2 (2) (a).

Sch. 5 para. 3 rep. 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 PL I.

c. 72 Education (Scotland) Act, Apptd. day for Pt. V (ss. .I. No. 224.

1946. 109, asamd., 110-114) (30.9.57). . 95 appl . 2 appl. and am. .I. No. 1058.

c. 75 Public Works Loans (No. 4 (6 Biz. 2), s. 2.

2) Act, 1946.

c. 80 Atomic Energy Act, 1946 Functions of Lord Pres. .I. No. 561.

transfd. to Prime Min.

c. 81 National Health Service . 27 ext 44, s. 1 (1).

Act, 1946. . 54 mod 15, s. 13 (1).

Sch. 3 Pt. IV para. 4, sch. 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

5 para. 6 rep. 4 Pt. I.

10 & 11 Geo. 6:

c. 2 Ministry of Defence Act, . 4 rep 20, s. 14 (I), sch.

1946. 4 PL I.

c. 14 Exchange Control Act, Saved .I. No. 2228,

1947 reg. 4 (2).

c. 24 Naval Forces (Enforce- Appl. (naval reserves) ... 32, s. 1 (2).

ment of Maintenance

Liabilities) Act, 1947. . 1 (4) rep. (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (IX

sch. 6.

c. 26 Cotton (Centralised Buy- . 5 (5) rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

ing) Act, 1947. 4 Pt. I.

c. 27 National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947. Sch. 2 para. 6 rep. ") Sch. 4 Pt. IV para. 4 rep. > 20, s. 14 (1). sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 30 Indian Independence Act, Sch. 6 para. 7 rep. J . 13 rep. (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (IX

1947. sch. 6.

c. 35 Finance Act, 1947 . 4 rep 1 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 3

(1), 8 (4).

Pts. IV, VII appl. (mod.) 49, s. 29 (4), sch. 7. 49, s. 29 (4), sch.

. 33 mod

7 para. 3.

. 35 (1) mod 49, s. 29 (4), sch.

. 35 (5) ext 7 para. 8. 49, ss. 26 (5X 29

(2),33 (2Xscb. 5 para. 7 (3).

. 37 expld 49, s. 29 (4), sch.

7 para. 12.

. 40 (3) excl 49, s. 40 (2).

c. 36 Education (Exemptions) Cont. until 31.12.58 ... 2 (6 Eliz. 2X s.

(Scotland) Act, 1947. 1(1).

c. 42 Ac quisition of Land Appl 38, s. 13 (2).

(Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947. Sch. 2 paras. 3, 4 excl— 38, s. 22 (4).

c. 43 Local Government (Scot- . 342 appl I. No. 2038,

land) Act, 1947. regs. 13, 19. 40, s. 12 (8). 25, s. 26 (IX sch.

. 347, appl . 349 appl. (mod.)

6 paras. 23, 33 (1) (3).

appl 40, s. 12 (8).

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xxix

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 6:

c. 43—contd. Local Government (Scot- . 350 appl 40, s. 12 (8).

land) Act, 1947— . 355 appl 38, ss. 10 (3), 16

(5), sch. 2 para. 5(3).

c. 44 Crown Proceedings Act, 1947. Appl. (E.) ... \ . 2 appl. (E.) ... 31, s. 6.

c. 48 Agriculture Act, 1947 ... Pt. I am. Ss. 3-7 rep., 8 (1) rep. in pt., sch. 1 rep. Sch. 9 para. 19 (1) rep.... 57, s. 36 (2). 57, s. 36 (1) (a), sch. 4 Pt. I. 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

c. 49 Transport Act, 1947 ... . 1 (4) rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

. 3 (4) mod. {temp.) 4 Pt. I. 9, s. 3 (4).

. 6 (5) rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

. 88 (2) am. (temp.) ... 9, s. 1 (1) (a).

Sch. 2 para. 2 (3) rep. ... 20, s. 14 (1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

c. 50 Isle of Man (Customs) . 4 cont. .I. No. 1359.

Act, 1947.

c. 51 Town and Country Plan- . 49 appl. (mod.) . 57 (2) appl 48, s. 36 (1).

ning Act, 1947. 61, s. 2 (8).

. 103 (4) (5) (9) appl. 48, s. 35 (2).

(mod.) . 110(1) appl 48, s. 35 (4).

Sch. 6 appl. (mod.) 48, s. 36 (1).

c. 53 Town and Country Plan- Ss. 36 (1), 37 (1), 42 (2) 38,s.l3 (3) (5).

ning (Scotland) Act, am.

1947. . 46 appl. (mod.) 48, s. 36 (1) (2).

. 99 (4) (5) (9) appl. 48, s. 35 (2) (5).

(mod.) . 105 (1) appl 48, s. 35 (4) (5).

Sch. 6 appl. (mod.) 48, s. 36(1) (2).

c. 54 Electricity Act, 1947 ... . 1 (l)rep. in pt., 1 (1A) rep. . 1 (2) am 48, s. 42 (3), sch. 5 Pt. I. 48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 48, s. 42 (3), sch.

rep. in pt.

5 Pt. I.

. 1 (3) (4), (6) am. ... 48, s. 42 (1), sch.

. 2(1) rep. (E.) 4, Pt. I. 48, ss. 42 (3), 43

(4) sch. 5 Pt. II. 48, s. 12 (4). 48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 48, ss. 42 (3), 43

. 2 (2) expld am . 2 (3) rep. (E.)

(4), sch. 5 Pt. II.

. 2 (5) appl expld am . 2 (6) rep 48, s. 3 (6). 48, s. 3 (8). 48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 48, ss. 42 (3), 43

(4), sch. 5 Pt. II.

. 2 (8) (8A) am. 48, s. 42 (1), sch.

4 PL I.

. 2 (9) ext 48, s. 6 (3).

am 48, s. 42 (1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

XXX

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 6: c. 54—cont.

Electricity Act, 1947-cont.

. 3 ext

. 3 (1) appl

am

. 3 (2) rep. 3 (3) (a) rep. in pt.

. 3 (4) rep.

. 3 (5) rep. in pt.

. 3 (6) appl. am.

. 3 (7) appl. am.

. 3 (8) appl. am.

. 4 (2) am. .. Ss. 5, 6 rep. (E.)

. 7 rep. (.) ...

. 7 (2) subst. (E.)

. 7 (3) rep

. 7 (4) (c) () added (E.)

. 7 (6H8) subst. (E.)

. 7 (10) am. (E.)

. 7 (11 A) added (E.)

. 7 (13) subst. (E.)

. 7 (14) rep. ...

. 7A added (.)

. 8 rep. (E.)

Ss. 10,16 (2) am.

Ss. 17, 18 rep. ...

Ss. 19 (1M3), 20 (1), 21 (3) am.

48, s. 4 (2).

48, s. 3 (6).

48, s. 42 (1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

48, ss. 42 (3), 43 (4), sch. 5 PL II

20, s. 14 (1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

48, ss. 42 (3), 43 (4), sch. 5 Pt. II.

48, s. 3 (6).

48, s. 42 (1), sch.

4 PL I.

48, s. 3 (6).

48, s. 42 (1), sch.

4 PL I.

48, s. 3 (6).

48, s. 42 (1), sch.

4, PL I.

48, s. 42 (1), sch.

4, PL I.

48, ss. 42 (3), 43 (4), sch. 5 PL II.

48, s. 5 (2).

48, ss. 5 (1), 43 (4), sch. 1 para. 1.

20, s. 14 (1), sch.

4 PL I.

48, ss. 5 (1), 43 (4), sch. 1 para. 2.

48, ss. 5 (1), 43 (4), sch. 1 para. 3.

48, ss. 5 (1), 43 (4), sch. 1

para. 4.

48, ss. 5 (1), 43 (4), sch. 1

para. 5.

48, ss. 5 (1), 43 (4), sch. 1

para. 6.

48, ss. 5 (2), 42

(3) , sch. 5 Pt. I. 48, s. 5 (2), sch. 1

PL n.

48, ss. 42 (3X 43

(4) , sch. 5 PL II.

48, s. 42 (1), sch.

4 PL I.

48, s. 42 (3), sch.

5 PL I.

48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 PL I.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xxxi

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 6: 48, s. 23 (1).

c. 54—cont. Electricity Act, 1947— . 22 am.

cont. 22 (4) (5) ajn. Ss. 23-26, 29, 30 rep. ... 48, s. 23 (2). 48, s. 42 (3), sch.

5 Pt. I. 48, s. 42 (1), sch.

. 33 (4) am

4, Pt. I. 48, s. 42 (3), sch.

. 34 rep.

5 Pt. I. 48, ss. 42 (3), 43

. 36 rep.

(4), sch. 5 Pt. II.

. 37 (1) am . 37 (2) am 48, s. 14(1). 48, s. 42 (1),

sch. 4.

. 37 (3) am . 37 (5) (6) rep. 48, s. 14 (2). 48, ss. 42 (3),

43 (4), sch. 5 Pt.II.

. 37 (7) am . 37 (7) proviso ( ) rep. 48, s. 14 (3). 48, ss. 42 (3),

43 (4), sch. 5 Pt. II.

Ss. 37 (8) rep. in pt. ... 48, ss. 42 (3),

39 rep. (E.). 43 (4), sch. 5 PL II.

. 40 (1) (2) rep. 48, ss. 42 (3X

43 (4), sch. 5 Pt.II.

. 40 (3) am 48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 48, ss. 42 (3),

. 40 (4) rep

43 (4), sch. 5 Pt II.

Ss. 41, 42 rep 48, ss. 42 (3),

43 (4), sch. 5 PtII.

. 43 rep. 48, ss. 20 (8),

42 (3), 43 (4), sch. 5 Pt. II.

. 44 rep. (E.) 48, ss. 42 (3),

43 (4), sch. 5 PtII.

. 45 (1) am 48, s. 42 (1),

sch. 4 Pt 1.

. 45 (2) (a) rep. 48, s. 42 (3), sch. 5 Pt. I. 48, s. 42 (1),

. 45 (2) (ib) am.

sch. 4 Pt. I.

. 46 am. 48, s. 11 (1).

. 46(1) (3) am., 46 (4) (5) 48, s. 42 (1),

subst. sch. 4 Pt. I.

Ss. 47 (1) (2) (4), 48, 49 rep. . 50 (1) am 48, s. 42 (3), sch. 5 Pt. I. 48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 48, s. 42 (3), sch. 5 Pt. I. 48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 48, s. 42 (3),

. 50 (5) rep

. 51 (3) am

. 53 rep.

i sch. 5 Pt. I.

xxxii

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 All Geo. 6:

c. 54—cont. Electricity Act, 1947 . 54(1) (a)(6), (4) (8) am. 48, s. 42 (1),

—cont. sch. 4 Pt. I.

. 55 (3) (4) appl. (mod.) . 55 (5) appl. (mod.) ... 48, s. 27 (3). 48, s. 27 (3) (5).

. 55 (6) (8) appl. (mod.) . 57 (3) appl Ss. 58 (2), 60 (1), 63 am. 48, s. 27 (3). 48, s. 42 (2). 48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 48, s. 42 (IX

. 66 (1) am

sch. 4 Pt. I.

. 66 (2) ext 48, s. 34 (8),

. 67 (1): Definition of sch. 2 para. 2. 48, s. 2 (8).

" Electricity Board " ext. Definition of "finan- 48, s. 42 (IX

cial year " am. and of sch. 4 Pt I.

"Generating Board" added.

. 68 (6) rep 48, s. 42 (3X

sch. 5 Pt. I.

Sch. 3 saved Sch. 3 Pt. I para. 5 am., sch. 3 Pt. II paras. 2, 5 48, s. 16 (3). 48, s. 42 (IX

sch. 4 Pt. I.

(1) am., 5 (2) rep. in pt

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 5 Ministers of the Crown . 1 para, (a) rep. 47, ss. 4 (2), 5 (2X

(Treasury Secretaries) Act, 1947. sch. 2.

c. 9 Finance (No. 2) Act, . 8 appl. (mod.) 49, s. 29 (4X

1947. sch. 7.

c. 10 Emergency Laws (Mis- Sch. 2 para. 3 rep. (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (1),

cellaneous Provisions) Act, 1947. sch. 6.

c. 12 Pensions (Governors of Rep 62, s. 18 (2), sch.

Dominions, etc.) Act, 1947.

c. 15 Overseas Resources De- . 19 (a) am. (Ghana) ... 6, s. 3 (4).

velopment Act, 1948.

Sch. para. 2 rep. 20, s. 14 (IX

sch. 4 Pt I.

c. 23 Cinematograph Films Act, 1948. . 1 (7) am 21, s. 14.

Sch. 2 appl. 21, s. 8 (2).

c. 25 Royal Marines Act, 1948 . 1 (2) rep. in pt. 32, s. 2 (2), sch. 2.

c. 26 Local Government Act, Ss. 85 (1), 91, 92 (1) am. 48, s. 42 (IX

1948. sch. 4 Pt n.

. 93 (4) am. (E.) . 96(1) saved 17, s. 2. 48, s. 42 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. II.

. 96 (1A) added 48, s. 42 (IX sch. 4 Pt. 11. 48, s. 42 (IX

. 96 (2) am

sch. 4 Pt II.

. 96 (3) am. (E.) 17, s. 2.

Ss. 97 (1), 98 (3), 98 (7) 48, s. 42 (1),

(c) am. sch. 4 Pt II.

. 99 (4) proviso added... . 102 (1) am 48, s. 42 (1). sch. 4 Pt. IL 48, s. 42 (IX

sch. 4 Pt II. 48, s. 42 (3X

. 103 rep

sch. 5 Pt I.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xxxiii

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

11 A 12 Geo. 6:

c. 26.—cont. Local Government Act, . 114 (5) rep 42, s. 15 (2),

1948—cont. sch. 2.

. 130 ext 42, s. 9.

. 144 (2) am., 144 (2A) 17, s. 4 (1).

added. . 144 (9) appl. (E.) ... 17, s. 7 (2).

c. 27 Palestine Act, 1948 . 3 (4) (b)expld. 62, s. 17 (3).

c. 29 National Assistance Act, . 44 saved (E.) 55, s. 5(1) (2) (c).

1948. . 50 (4) am., 50 (5) rep. 26, s. 7 (2).

Sch. 1 para. 3 rep. 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 36 House of Commons . 4 (4) am 24, s. 1 (4).

Members* Fund Act, 1948.

c. 37 Radioactive Substances Functions of Lord Pres. .I. No. 561, art

Act, 1948. transfd. to Prune Min. 2.

c. 43 Children Act, 1948 . 18 (2) am 26, s. 7 (2).

. 23 saved 55, s. 5 (2)

. 26 saved (E.) 55, s.5(l) (2)

c. 44 Merchant Shipping Act, . 5 ext. (mod.) (Bar- .I. No. 424.

1948. bados). 6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2

. 6 (2) proviso am. < para. 8. 60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1

I para. 10 ( ).

. 12 (1H3) ext. (mod.) .I. No. 424.

(Barbados). 20, s. 14 (1),

c. 45 Agriculture (Scotland) Sch. 8 Pt. I para. 7 rep

Act, 1948. sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 47 Agricultural Wages Act, . 7 excl.... 56, ss. 34 (3),

1948. 53 (3).

c. 49 Finance Act, 1948 . 1 (7) rep. ... . 17 rep. 1 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 8 (4). 49, s. 42 (5), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, s. 29 (4),

Pts. VI, Vin appl. (mod.)

sch. 7.

Sch. 8 Pt. I:

groups 9,11 am. 49, s. 8 (1) (a).

group 12 (a) am. 49, s. 8 (1) (a).

group 12 (m) added ... 49, s. 8 (1) (b).

group 13 am 49, s. 8 (1) (a).

group 33 (c) am. .I. No. 2068.

c. 56 British Nationality Act, 1948. . 1 (3) am. ... | 6,s.2(a). 60, s. 2 (1) sch. 1 para. 1.

c. 58 Criminal Justice Act, . 12 excl. (E.) 27, s. 38 (5) (a).

1948. . 16 rep. 11, 3. 17 (2),

sch. 2.

. 41 (2) appl 51, s. 12 (3).

c. 60 Development of Inven- Sch. para. 2 rep. 20, s. 14 (1),

tions Act, 1948. sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 61 Isle of Man (Customs) Ss. 2, 5 (2) cont. .I. No. 1359.

Act, 1948.

c. 64 National Service Act, . 26 (2) (6), (3) rep. 53, s. 137 (1),

1948. (prosp.). sch. 6.

c. 67 Gas Act, 1948 Ss. 5 (5), 9 (3) rep. ... 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

12, 13 A 14

Geo. 6:

c. 14 Export Guarantees Act, . 1 (4) expld 23, s. 2 (3).

1949.

xxxiv

Effect of Legislation

5 &6EUZ.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6: c. 14.—cont. Export Guarantees Act, . 2 mod. (iret.) 23, s. 2 (1).

1949—cont. . 2 (2) am 23, s. I.

c. 20 Cinematograph Film Pro- expld . 3 am. (retrosp.) . 5 (b) am . 1 (1) (b)subst. 23, s. 2 (3). 23, s. 2 (2). 23, s. 2 (3). 21, s. 10 (1).

duction (Special Loans) . 4 (1) am 21, s. 10 (2).

Act, 1949. Sch. para. 2 rep. 20, s. 141. (1).

c. 21 Solicitors, Public Notar- Sch. para. 8 (1) subst ... . 1(2) (4), sch. lrep.... sch. 4 Pt. 21. s. 13. 27, s. 88 (1),

c. 23 ies, Ac., Act, 1949. Tenancy of Shops (Scot- Cont. until 31.12.58 ... sch. 3. 2 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 1

land) Act, 1949. (1).

c. 29 ... Consular Conventions Ss. 1,2, 4 appl. (Federal Republic of Germany) Exd. (E.) (.) .I. No. 2052.

c. 38 ... Act, 1949 Agricultural Marketing 57, s. 29.

c. 40 ... Act, 1949. Landlord and Tenant . 1 rep. (E.) 25, s. 26 (3),

(Rent Control) Act, 1949. . 2 appl. sch. 8 Pt. I. 25, s. 13.

c. 41 Ireland Act, 1949 . 2(1) (2) appl. . 2 (4) appl. (mod.) ... . 2 (6) appl. in pt. Ss. 4-6 rep. (E.), 8 (2) rep. in pt. (E.), 8 (3) (4) rep. (E.), 8 (8) rep. in pt. (E.), 8 (9) rep. (E.). . 11 saved Sch. 1 para. 2 am. (E.)... Excl. (prosp.) 25, s. 14 (1). 25, s. 17 (4) proviso. 25, s. 14 (1). 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I. 25, s. 12 (3). 25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 para. 5. 53, s. 128.

c. 42 Lands Tribunal Act, 1949 Appl 61, s. 3 (6), sch.

c. 44 Superannuation Act, 1949 Pts. I, II excl para. 5. 62, s. 10 (2) (c).

c. 47 Finance Act, 1949 . 39 (1) am rep. inpt. . 39 (2) am rep. inpt. . 39 (2A) added . 41 ext . 41 (5) am . 63 (2) rep. in pt. Ss. 10, 11 rep 37, s. 1 (1) (a), (3). 37, ss. 1 (1) (b), 5(4). 37, s. 1(1) (a)(3). 37, ss. 1 (1) (b), 5(4). 37, s. 1 (1) (3). 47, s. 3. 37, s. 1 (2). 62, s. 18 (2), sch. 49, s. 42 (5),

c. 51 Legal Aid and Advice . 33 mod . 40 (10) rep. (E.) ... Saved sch. 9 Pt I. 49, s. 38 (11). 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I. 27, s. 74 (e).

c. 54 Act, 1949. Wireless Telegraphy Act, . 1 am 49,s.2(9).

c. 58 1949. Isle of Man (Customs) Ss. 1,2,5 as am., cont.... .I. No. 1359.

c. 60 Act 1949 Housing Act, 1949 Ss. 2, 3, 6-14 rep. 56, s. 191 (1),

. 22 rep sch. 11. 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt I.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xxxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6: c. 60—cont. Housing Act, 1949— . 23 (1) (c) am. 25, ss. 20 (1), 26

c.64 cont. Profits Tax Act, 1949 ... Ss. 27 (2) proviso rep., 28 (2) rep. in pt., 29 rep. . 31 (1) (2) rep. . 43 (6) ext. (E.) Appl. (mod.) (1), sch. 6 para. 14. 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8Pt. I. 56, s. 191 (1), sch. 11. 56, s. 104 (4). 49, s. 29 (4),

c. 66 House of Commons (Re- Sch. 1 para. 7 rep. sch. 7. 20, s. 14 (1),

c. 68 distribution of Seats) Act, 1949. Representation of the . 64(2) (a) (6) rep. in pt.. sch. 4 Pt. I. 43, s. 1.

c. 73 People Act, 1949. Nurses Act, 1949 64 (2) (c), (5) rep. . 115 (2) rep. in pt. ... . 124 (5) saved Sch. 2 rule 9 (2) of the Parliamentary Election Rules added. Rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I. 20, s. 6 (2). 20, s. 11. 15, s. 34 (1)

c. 85 Distribution of German Ss. 1 (6) (7), 3,4 saved ... sch. 5. .I. No. 1525.

c. 87 Enemy Property Act, ' 1949. Patents Act, 1949 . 12(1) am 13, s. 1 (l)(u).

c. 88 Registered Designs Act, . 12 (1 A) added . 12 (2) am . 12 (3) ext . 49 (2), period of emergency extended to 10.12.58. . 68 (2) expld. (Caribbean and N.A. territories). . 95(1) ext . 95 (1A) added . 95 (3) (4) ext. Ss. 96, 97 ext . 13 (2) expld. (Caribbean 13, s. 1(1) (6). 13, s. 1 (1) (c 13, s. 2(5). I. No. 2062 5.1. No. 1364, art. 4 (5). 13, s. 2(6). 13, s. 1 (2). 13, s. 2(6). 13, s. 2(7). 5.1. No. 1364,

1949. and N.A. territories). art 4 (5).

c. 89 Vehicles (Excise) Act, Sch. 1 para. 4 (2), period of emergency extended to 10.12.58 Appl. in pt. (penalties) ... .I. No. 2061. 51, s. 18 (3).

1949. . 9 (1) (3) (4) appl. ... .I. No. 1074,

. 16 appl . 16 (1) mod . 16 (2) (c) ()appl. ... . 17 appl . 21 appl. . 27 (1) am art. 5. 5.1. No. 1074, art. 6. 5.1. No. 1074, art. 6. 5.1. No. 1074, art. 5. 5.1. No. 1074, arts. 5, 6. 5.1. No. 1074, art. 5. 49, s. 7.

2 P

XXXVI

Effect of Legislation

5 &6EUZ.2

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

12,13 & 14

Geo. 6:

c. 90 Election Commissioners . 1 (4) rep. in pt 20, s. 14 (1),

Act, 1949. sch. 4 PL I.

c.9f Air Corporations Act, Sch. 1 para. 4 rep. 20, s. 14 (1),

1949. sch. 4 PL I.

c. 94 Criminal Justice (Scot- Apptd. day for certain .I. No. 1360.

land) Act, 1949. provisions (1.10.57). . 17 rep. 11, s. 17 ax

sch. 2.

. 39 ext. (mod.) 1 l,s. 9 (4), sch. 1

para. 8 (2).

c. 97 National Parks and . 2 (8) rep 20, s. 14 (IX

Access to the Countryside Act, 1949. sch. 4 PL I.

c. 101 Justices of the Peace Act, . 7 rep 27, s. 88 (1),

1949. sch. 3.

. 20 (3) saved 27, s. 3 (1).

. 27 expld 51, s. 14.

. 27 expld. (prosp.) ... 53, s. 100 (3).

14 Geo. 6:

c. 12 Foreign Compensation . 1 (4) rep 20, s. 14 (IX

Act, 1950. sch. 4 PL 1.

c. 15 Finance Act, 1950 Ss. 15, 16 (2) rep. 49, s. 42 (5).

sch. 9 Pt. I.

Pt. Ill appl. in pt. (mod.) 49, s. 29 (4),

sch. 7.

c. 19 Isle of Man (Customs) . 3 cont. .I. No. 1359.

Act, 1950.

c. 23 Coal-Mining (Subsidence) Act, 1950. Excl \ . 11 excl. ... / 59, s. 18 (2).

c. 27 Arb'tration Act. 1950 ... Ss. 12, 14, 17, 26 appl.... I. No. 924 r

20.

c. 31 Allotments Act, 1950 ... . 11 (2) rep 42, s. 15 aX sch. 2. .I. No. 924, r.

Ss. 12, 14, 17, 26 appl....

20.

c. 34 Housing (Scotland) Act, . 16 (1) (3) appl. 38, s. 20 (3).

1950. . 38 (1) excl 38, s. 22 (4).

. 40 appl 38, s. 20 (2).

. 40 (2) 0 b). Power to 38, s. 20 (1).

am.

. 55 expld 25, s. 11 (6).

. 60 mod 38, s. 9 ax

. 63 (1) am 38, s. 24, sch. 1

para. 7.

. 73 (3) (b) am. 38, s. 6, sch. 1

. 74 rep. in pt para. 1. 38, s. 28 aX

sch. 3.

. 75 (3) am 38, s. 24, sch. 1

para. 8.

. 84(lH5)excl. 38, s. 1 (4).

. 86 am. 38, s. 6, sch. 1

para. 2.

. 87 (1) expld 38, s. 2 (5).

ext 38, s. 5 (2).

. 87 (2) expld 38, s. 2 (5).

. 87 (4) am 38, s. 6, sch. 1

para. 3.

. 88 am. ... ... 38, s. 6, sch. 1

para. 2.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xxxvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

14 Geo. 6: c. 34—cont.

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950—cont.

c. 37 ...

14 & 15 Geo. 6: c. 3

c. 6 ... c. 15 ...

Maintenance Orders Act, 1950.

Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1950. Solicitors Act, 1950

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1951.

. 91 (2) rep. in pt.

. 93 exd

. 93 (3) rep

. 94 (1) proviso subst. . 94 (1) (a)am.

Ss. 97-99 rep

. 101 (3) am.

. 106 (1) am

. 108 rep

. Ill (8) added

. 112(1) (b) am.

. 114(1) (c) am.

. 118 para, (b)rep. ...

. 127 am

. 127 (2) (a) am. (saving)

. 127 (2) (b) rep.

. 128 (2) saved

am

. 129 saved

. 138 am

. 138 (l)(), 138 (1) (vii) added.

Ss. 159, 160 appl. in pt., 161 appl. (mod.).

. 170 appl

. 184 (1) am

Sch. 3 para. 2 (iv) excl.... Sch. 6 Pt. I para. 13 added

Sch. 6 Pt. II para. 13 added.

Sch. 7 para. 1 rep. in pt.

Sch. 7 para. 8 am.

Sch. 8 paras. 1-11A rep.

Sch. 8 para. 13 rep. ...

. 3 (2) saved

. 1 rep

superseded

Rep

. 4 cont. until 31.12.58...

38, s. 28 (2), sch. 3.

38, s. 23 (3).

38, s. 28 (2), sch. 3.

38, s. 23 (5) ( ).

38, s. 23 (5) (a).

38, s. 28 (2), sch. 3.

25, s. 10.

38, s. 24, sch. 1 para. 9.

38, s. 28 (2), sch. 3.

38, s. 24, sch. 1 para. 10.

38, s. 24, sch. 1 para. 11.

25, s. 10.

38, s. 28 (2), sch. 3.

38, i. 9 (8).

38, s. 6, sch. 1 para. 4.

38, s. 28 (2), sch. 3.

38, s. 2 (3).

38, s. 6, sch. 1 para. 5.

38, s. 2 (3).

38, s. 5 (1).

38, s. 24, sch. 1 para. 12.

40, s. 12 (8).

38, s. 16 (4).

38, s. 24, sch. 1 para. 13.

38, s. 22 (4).

38, s. 6, sch. 1 para. 6.

38, s. 6, sch. 1 para. 5.

38, s. 28 (2), sch. 3.

38, s. 24, sch. 1 para. 14.

38, ss. 5 (1), 28 (2), sch. 3.

38, s. 28 (2). sch. 3.

55, s. 3 (2).

45, s. 3 (2).

45, s. 2.

27, s. 88 (1), sch. 3.

2 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 1

(1).

2Q

xxxviii

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

14 & 15 Geo. 6: c. 22 Workmen’s Compensa- . 2 (2) (a) am 26, s. 3 (5), sch.

c. 30 tion (Supplementation) Act, 1951. Sea Fish Industry Act, Sch. 1 para. 3 rep. 20, s. 14 (1).

c. 34 1951. National Insurance Act, . 6 rep sch. 4 Pt. I. 26, s. 3(1).

c. 40 1951. New Streets Act, 1951 ... . 1 am 33, ss. 1, 2,4, 5.

. 1 (3) (e)am . 1 (3) (/) (h)am. ... . 1 (3) (k) added am . 1 (4) added . 2 (1) am . 2 (3) subst am . 2 (4) am . 2 (5) (6) added . 3 am. . 3 (2) subst . 4 am 33, ss. 4, 6 (1). 33, s. 4. 33, s. 6 (1) 33, s. 4 (2) (e). 33, s. 6 (1). 33, s. 4. 33, s. 6 (2) (a). 33, s. 4. 33, ss. 4,6 (2) 33, s. 6 (2) (c). 33, s. 4. 33, s. 6 (3). 33, s. 4.

c. 43 Finance Act, 1951 . 4 (2) rep. in pt., 4 (2A) added. . 6 (1) am . 8 am . 9 (2) am . 9 (3) am . 9 (4A) added . 10 (1) am . 12 ext 33, s. 6 (4). 33, s. 6 (5). 33, s. 6 (6). 33, s. 6 (7) (a). 33, s. 6 (7) (b 33, s. 6 (7) (c). 33, s. 6 (8). 18, s. 4 (3).

c. 46 Courts-Martial (Appeals) Pt. Ill appl. (mod.) . 29 (2) (a) excl. Mod 49, s. 29 (4). sch. 7. 49, s. 29(4), sch. 7 para. 11. 52, s. 4 (3).

Act, 1951. . 4 (7) saved (prosp.) ... 53, s. 85 (1).

c. 51 Isle of Man (Customs) Ss. 6 (4), 17 am. (prosp.) . 22 ext. (prosp.) . 24 (1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) . 1 cont. 53, s. 136, sch. 5. 53, s. 77 (3). 53, s. 137 (IX sch. 6. .I. No. 1359.

c. 53 Act, 1951. Midwives Act, 1951 Sch. 1 para. 11 rep. 20, s. 14 (1),

c. 54 Midwives (Scotland) Act, Sch. 1 para. 11 rep. sch. 4 Pt. I. 20, s. 14 (IX

c. 55 1951. Nurses (Scotland) Act, . 18 rep. sch. 4 Pt. I. 20, s. 14 (1),

c. 65 1951. Reserve and Auxiliary . 15 saved sch. 4 Pt. I. 25, s. 12 (3).

Forces (Protection of . 16 mod. (E.) 25, s. 26 (1),

Civil Interests) Act, 1951. . 16(1)saved(E.)(.) ... sch. 6 para. 6. 25, s. 26 (I),

. 16(1) rep. in pt. (E.)... . 16 (2) (bb)am. (E.) (.) sch. 6 paras. 25 (2), 33 (1). 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I. 25, s. 26 (1), * sch. 6 paras. 25, 33 (1).

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xxxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

14 Sc IS Geo. 6:

c. 65—cont. Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, . 16(2)(/)added (E.)... 25, s. 26 (1). sch. 6 para. 25 (3).

1951—cont. . l6(3H8)rep.(E.) ... . 17 mod. (E.) . 17 (1) rep. in pt. (E.), 17 (2) rep. (E.). . 18 mod. (E.) . 18 (2) rep. (E.) . 19 (2) rep. (E.) (.) ... . 19 (3) rep. (E.) . 19(4)ara.(E.)(.) ... 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I. 25, s. 26 (1). sch. 6 para. 6. 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I. 25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 para. 6. 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. 1. 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pts. I, II. 25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I. 25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 paras. 25, 33 (1).

IS & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2:

c. 4 Pneumoconiosis and Byssinosis Benefit Act, . 2 (2) am 1 (6 Eliz. 2) s. 4 (2)

1951. . 3 (2) ()am 26, s. 3 (5), sch.

c. 8 Home Guard Act, 1951 . 1 (5) rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 9 Ministers of the Crown (Parliamentary Undersecretaries) Act, 1951. . 1 (2) rep 20, s. 14 (I), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 10 Income Tax Act, 1952 ... Mod. and expld. (overseas trade corporation) Ss. 62-64 ext . 72 mod 49, s. 25. 49, ss. 23 (4), 30 (4). 49, ss. 26 (1), 27, sch. 6 para. 3 (7).

i . 95 expld Pt.IIlCh.lV(ss. 105-115) expld . 109(1) (c) saved ... . 117Sch.Cexcl. Pt. V Ch. 1 Sch. D excl. . 122Sch.D Case I expld. . 123 appl. (E.) . 123(1) CaseVI ext. ... . 156 (Sch. E) ext. ... . 169 excl expld Ss. 175, 176 saved . 184 mod excl . 190 (2M4) ext. . 199 ext. (mod.) 49, s. 19 (1) (*). 49, s. 18. 49, s. 18. 49. s. 22(1). 49, s. 25 (2). 49, s. 32 (2). 56, s. 138 (2), sch. 8 para. 4. 49, ss. 26 (1), 27, 37 (3)(a), sch. 6. 49, s. 20. 49, s. 26 (4). 49, s. 27, sch. 6 para. 6. 49, s. 19 (1) (c). 49, s. 25 (3). 49, s. 26 (2) (3). 49, ss. 26 (2) (3), 27, 28, 35, sch. 6para. l(l)(c). 49, s, 26(6),

xl

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

13 & 16 Geo. 6 &

1 Eliz.2: c. 10—cont. Income Tax Act, 1952— . 205 (2) (3) rep. in pt 49, ss. 21 (IX

cont. 42 (5), sch. 9 Pt IV.

. 205 (4) rep 49, s. 42 (5X

sch. 9 Pt IV.

Pt. VIII (ss. 208-228) am. . 211 (1) am . 211 (2) (3) am. . 212 (1) am., 212 (Ia) added 49, s. 13 (2). 49, s. 12 (1). 49, s. 12 (2).

49, s. 12 (3).

. 212 (4) am 49, s. 12 (4).

. 213 (2) (3) am. 49, s. 12 (3).

Pt IX Ch. Ill saved ... 49, s. 33 (1).

. 245 expld 49, s. 33.

Pt. X (ss. 265-334) mod. 49, ss. 25 (4), 32

(overseas trade corp- (2) (6), (3) (4X

oration). sch. 4 paras. 4,5.

. 271 (1) am. (saving) ... Pt. X Ch. II (ss. 279-304) 49, s. 17.

am. expld 49, s. 16 (1). 49, s. 16. sch. 3

paras. 1 (1), 3 0).

ext 49, s. 16 (4).

. 323 exd 49, s. 30 (6X

sch. 8 para. 2 (2).

. 332 (3) expld. 49, s. 16 (3).

saved 49, s. 16, schL 3

para. 2.

Pt. XI (ss. 335-340) mod. 49, ss. 25 (4), 32

(2) (6), (3)(4X sch. 4 paras. 4,5.

. 341 excl 49, s. 25 (2).

. 342 excl 49, s. 30 (6), sch.

8 paras. 2 (1). 6.

Pt. XIII (ss. 347-353) 49, s. 28 (1).

ext.

. 348 expld 49, s. 29 (3).

. 350 (2) appl 49, s. 28 (4).

. 379 saved 49, s. 25 (4), sch

r 4 para. 2. 6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2

. 461 am. ... < para. 1. 60, s. 2 (IX sch. 1

I para. 5.

. 468 saved 49, s. 25 (4), sch.

4 para. 1.

. 469 (1) mod 49, s. 31 (1).

. 469 (2) mod 49, s. 31 (2).

c. 12 . 469 (6) appl 49, s. 31 (3).

Judicial Offices (Salaries, . 1 (1H3) rep. 46, s. 3 (2), sch. 2-

Ac.) Act, 1952.

c. 17 Industrial and Provident . 1 (1) ()rep 56, s. 191 (IX

Societies Act, 1952. sch. 11.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xli

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

15 & 16 Geo. 6 &

1 Eliz. 2: c. 18 Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Coun- . 1 (1) proviso excl. (temp.) (Ghana). 6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2

para. 2.

tries and Republic of r 6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2

Ireland) Act, 1952. . 1(6) am. ... para. 2. 60, s. 2(1), sch. 1

. 1 (2) rep para. 6.

c. 21 Export Guarantees Act, 1952. Empire Settlement Act, 1952. Family Allowances and 23, s. 4 (2).

c. 26 Rep 8, s. 1 (2).

c. 29 . 9 (1) excl .I. No. 2076.

National Insurance Act, 1952.

c. 33 Finance Act, 1952 Ss. 2, 3 rep 49, s. 42 (5),

sch. 9 Pt. I.

. 14 (5) rep. so far as 49, s. 42 (5),

amending s. 211 (1) of the Income Tax Act, sch. 9 Pt. III.

1952. Pt. IV appl. (mod.) 49, s. 29 (4),

sch. 7.

c. 40 Crown Lessees (Protec- . 2 (1) (a), (2) (3) rep. 25, s. 26 (3),

tion of Sub-Tenants) (E.). sch. 8 Pt. I.

Act, 1952. Sch. rep. in pt. (E.) 25, s. 26 (3),

sch. 8 Pt. I.

Sch. rep. in pt 25, s. 26 (3),

sch. 8 Pts. I, II.

c. 41 Affiliation Orders Act, Rep., except s. 4 55, s. 12 (1), sch.

1952. . 4 rep 49, s. 42 (4) (5),

sch. 9 Pt. IV.

c. 44 Customs and Excise Act, . 11 saved 49, s. 2 (8).

1952. . 88 (4) appl .I. No. 1211.

. 259 excl. ... / 18, s. 2 (5). .I. No. 1359.

. 259 expld 49, s. 5, sch. 2

. 259 (1). Power to para. 2 (1). 49, s. 5, sch. 2

mod. para. 1 (1).

. 259 (1) proviso saved 49, s. 5, sch. 2

para. 1 (5).

. 301 excl. (E.) (.) ... 21, s. 4 (5).

. 307 (1) appl. in pt. 18, s. 9 (1).

(definition of " importer ").

Sch. 6 para. 2 appl. 18, s. 6 (4).

c. 48 Costs in Criminal Cases Saved 27, s. 74 </).

Act, 1952.

c. 52 Prison Act, 1952 Ss. 39-42. Power to apply (mod.) (prosp.). . 49 excl. (prosp.) 53, s. 82(3).

53, s. 88 (4).

c. 53 Housing Act, 1952 Ss. 3 (1H4), 4, 5 rep. ... 56, s. 191 (1),

sch. 11.

c. 55 Magutrates* Courts Act, Appl. in pt. (prosp.) ... . 14 (2) mod 53, s. 109 (4). 29, s. 1 (3).

. 15 (2) excl 29, s. 1 (3).

. 15 (2) proviso para, (b) 29, s. 4.

am.

. 27 (1) am. ... 29, s. 5.

. 31 appl. (mod.) 56, s. 14 (6).

. 51 rep. 55, s. 12 (1), sch.

. 52 saved 55, s. 5 (5).

. 53 ext 55,s.7(l).

xlii

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Elk. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

15 & 16 Geo. 6 &

1 Eliz. 2: Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952—cont. . 83 (4) rep 55, s. 12 (1), sch.

c. 55—con/. . 104excl. ... J . 122 (3) expld. 27, ss. 24, 37 (2), 39 (4). 28, s. 34 (3). 56, s. 191 (5).

c. 61 Prisons (Scotland) Act, . 25. Power to apply 53, ss. 82 (1),

1952. (prosp.). . 30. Power to apply (mod.) (prosp.). . 37 excl. (prosp.) 123(5). 53, ss. 82 (3), 123(5). 53, s. 88 (4). 6, s. 4 (4). sch. 2

c. 67 Visiting Forces Act, 1952 . 1 (l)(fl)am. ... J . 10 (1) (a) restr. 1 Ss. 12, 13 appl para. 6. 60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1 para. 4 (I). .I. No. 1074, art. 3 (4).

1 & 2 Eliz. 2:

c. 13 Transport Act, 1953 ... . 2 (6) rep 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 15 Iron and Steel Act, 1953 Ss. 2 (5), 18 (4) rep. ... 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 17 White Fish and Herring . 1 (1) am 22, s. 1 (1).

Industries Act, 1953. ext restr . 1 (1) (b) expld. . 1 (2) superseded in pt. 1 and rep. in pt. 1 . 2 (1) (2) superseded f and rep. J . 2 (5) rep . 5 (2) (3) subst. . 5 (4) superseded and rep. . 6 (1) am ext restr . 6 (1) (b) expld. . 6 (2) superseded in pt. and rep. in pt. . 11 superseded and rep. . 13 (2) (3) am. . 16 (2) (3) rep. in pt.... 22, s. 1 (3). 22, s. 1 (5). 22, s. 1 (4). 22, ss. 1 (5), 7 (4X sch. 22, s. 7 (4), sch. 22, s. 2. 22, ss. 4, 7 (4X sch. 22, s. 1 (1). 22,s.l (3). 22, s. 1 (5). 22, s. 1 (4). 22, ss. 1(5), 7 (4). sch. 22, ss. 5, 7 (4), sch. 22, s. 6 (2). 22, s. 7 (4), sch.

c. 20 Births and Deaths Regis- . 14 ext 39, s. 1 (1).

tration Act, 1953. . 14 (1) (2) rep. in pt.... . 36 para, () rep. in pt. 39, s. 1 (2). 39, s. 1 (2).

c. 21 Road Transport Lighting Act, 1953. Rep 51, s. 21 (1), sch.

c. 22 Road Transport Lighting (No. 2) Act, 1953. Rep 51, s. 21 (1), sch.

c. 23 Accommodation Agencies Act, 1953. Cont. until 31.12.58 2 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (1).

c. 25 Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953... . 2 (4) appl .I. Nos. 1122, r. 4, 2173, r. 5, 2197, r. 5.

c. 26 Local Government (Mis- . 6 ext 42, s. 5 (4) (5).

cellaneous Provisions) . 8 (1) (2) am .I. No. 304.

Act, 1953. Ss. 10, 11 rep 56, s. 191 (IX sch. 11.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xliii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 &2 Eliz. 2:

c. 29 National Insurance Act, . 8 am 26, s. 6 (4) (c).

1953. . 8 (3) am 1 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 4 (1), sch. 5.

c. 34 Finance Act, 1953 . 1 rep Ss. 7, 8 rep Pt. Ill appl. in pt. (mod.) . 14 (1) rep . 15(3)excl . 20 (9) excl 49, s. 42 (5), sch. 9 Pt. 11. 49, s. 42 (5), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, s. 29 (4), sch. 7. 49, s. 42 (5), sch. 9 Pt. III. 49, ss. 25 (2), 30 (6), sch. 8 paras. 2 (1), 6. 49, s. 25 (4), sch. 4 para. 3(2).

c. 42 Valuation for Rating Act, 1953. Ss. 2(1), 4 (2), 5 (2), 6 (3) rep. in pt. 17, s. 5, sch.

c. 44 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1953. . 1 cont. .I. No. 1359.

c. 46 Licensing Act, 1953 ... Pt. 11 (ss. 53-67) cont. until 31.3.59. 2 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (2).

2 & 3 Eliz. 2:

c. 5 Statute Law Revision Act, Sch. 4 rep. so far as rela- 57, s. 36 (1) (a).

1953. ting to s. 10 of the Agricultural Development Act, 1939 (2 & 3 Geo. 6, c. 48). sch. 4 Pt. 1.

c. 8 Electoral Registers Act, 1953. Sch. rep. in pt 56, s. 191 (1), sch. 11.

c. 15 Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1954. . 1 rep 21, s. 17(5).

c. 24 Cotton Act, 1954 . 5 (3) rep. in pt. 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 30 Protection of Birds Act, Sch. 3 am. (E. and W.) .I. No. 318.

1954. am. (.) .I. No. 326.

c. 32 Atomic Energy Authority Functions of Lord Pres. .I. No. 561, art.

Act, 1954. transfd. to Prime Min. . 1 (5) rep 2. 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt I.

c. 44 Finance Act, 1954 1 Ss. 1, 2 rep Pt. Ill appl. (mod.) . 16 (3) am . 18 excl . 23 (a) expld 1 . 24 appl. (saving) Sch. 1 rep Sch. 2 para. 1 (2) (a) expld. 49, s. 42 (5), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, s. 29 (4), sch. 7. 49, s. 15. 49, s. 30 (6), sch. 8 para. 3. 49, s. 25 (4), sch. 4 para. 3 (4). .I. Nos. 1368, 1369. 49, s. 42 (5), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, ss. 25 (4), 32 (4), sch. 4 para. 3(3).

c. 48 Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954. . 23 excl 28, s. 34 (3).

xliv

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

2 & 3 Eliz. 2: c. 50 ...

Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954.

c. 52

c. 53

Gas and Electricity (Borrowing Powers) Act, 1954.

Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954.

c. 54 ... c. 55 ...

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1954.

Television Act, 1954 ...

. 5 rep

Pt. II saved . 16 (2) am. ...

Ss. 17-24 appl. (mod.).

. 17 restr

. 17 (3) appl

. 19 (1) rep. (saving) .

. 21 (3) am

. 25 (2) (c) added

. 25 (7) appl. ...

Ss. 26, 34 iep

Ss. 39-41 appl. (mod.)... . 39 (1) rep. in pt.

Sch. 1 para. 9 (c) added

Sch. 2 appl. (mod.)

Sch. 3 para. 1 rep. in pt

. 1 rep. in pt

am

Ss. 1, 2 (1) (2) rep., 2 (3) rep. (saving), 2 (4) (5) rep., 3-6 rep., 9 rep. (saving), 10-14 rep.

. 16 (6) (8) rep.

Ss. 20, 21, 22 (2) (3) rep.

Ss. 23-32 rep

. 33 (1) (2) (a) am. ...

. 33 (2) (c) added

. 33 (5) rep

. 33 (7) rep

. 33 (8) appl

. 33 (9) am

Ss. 34, 36-38, 40, 44, 45 (1), 46-48 rep., 49 (1) rep. in pt, 49 (3) rep.

. 50 (2) (a) (6), sch. 1 rep.

Schs. 2, 3 rep., sch. 4 para. 1 rep. in pt., sch. 4 paras. 2,4 rep.

Ss. 1, 3 cont

Ext. (Isle of Man)

. 1 (6) rep. in pt.

38, s. 28 (2), sch. 3.

25, s. 8 (2).

25, s. 9 (1) (2).

25, s. 8, sch. 3.

25, s. 9 (5).

25. s. 9 (4).

25, s. 9 (3).

25,s.9(l) (2).

25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 paras. 32(1), 33(1).

25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 paras. 32 (2), 33 (1).

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt II.

25, s. 8, sch. 3.

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt H.

25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 paras. 32, 33 (1).

25, s. 8, sch. 3.

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. II.

48, s. 42 (3). sch. 5 Pt I.

48, s. 42 (IX sch. 4 Pt n.

56, s. 191 (IX sch. 11.

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt L

56, s. 191 (IX sch. 11.

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt I.

56,s. 190, sch. Iff

25, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 para. 26.

25, s. 26 (3X sch. 8 Pt. I.

56, s. 191 (IX sch. 11.

25, s. 26 (IX sch. 6 para. 26.

56, s. 190, sch. ia

25, s. 26 (3X sch. 8 Pt I.

56, s. 191 (IX sch. 11.

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt I.

5.1. No. 1359.

5.1. No. 602.

20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt I.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xlv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

2 & 3 Eliz. 2: c. 56 ...

Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954.

Pt.I(ss. 1-22) saved ext.

. 2 (1) am.

rep. in pt.

25, s. 11 (4).

25, s. 21 (2).

25, s. 26 (1), sch.

6 para. 15.

25, s. 26 (1) (3), sch. 6 para. 15, sch. 8 Pt I.

. 2 (2) (3) rep. in pt.

25, s. 26 (1) (3), sch. 6 para. 15, sch. 8 Pt. I.

. 3 (3) am

. 6 (1) rep. in pt.

. 6 (1) (6) am

. 6 (4) rep. in pt., 6 (5)

rep

. 7 expld.

. 7 (1) (2) rep. in pt. ...

. 9 expld.

. 11 rep.

25, s. 26 (1), sch.

6 para. 15.

25, s. 26 (3), sch.

8 Pt. I.

25, s. 26 (1), sch.

6 para. 7.

25, s. 26 (3), sch.

8 Pt. I.

25, s. 26 (1), sch.

6 para. 8.

25, s. 26 (3), sch.

8 Pt. I.

25, s. 26(1), sch. 6 para. 8.

25, s. 26 (3), sch. 8 Pt. I.

c. 57 ...

c. 60 ...

c. 70 ... c. 71 ...

. 12 (2) (a) (b) am. ... . 18 rep. in pt.

. 19 rep. in pt.

. 19 (1) am

. 43 (1) (c) am.

. 62 (2) rep!

Sch. 1 para. 9 am.

Sch. 2 para. 1 (1) am. ... Sch. 3 para. 1 proviso am.

... Baking Industry (Hours of Work) Act, 1954.

... Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954.

Ss. 1-8 excl

. 10 (1) rep

. 12 (1) am., 12 (1A) added.

Sch. 1 Pt. Ill rep. in pt.

... Mines and Quarries Act, 1954.

... Overseas Resources Development Act, 1954.

. 116 ext.

. 1 (4). Apptd. day for dissolution of Overseas Food Corporation (2.9.57).

25, s. 26 (1), sch.

6 para. 15 25, s. 26 (1) (3), sch. 6 para. 15, sch. 8 PL I.

25, s. 26 (1) (3), sch. 6 para. 15, sch. 8 Pt 1.

25, s. 26 (1), sch.

6 para. 15.

25, s. 26 (1), sch.

6 para. 27.

20, s. 14 (1), sch.

4 Pt. I.

25, s. 26 (1), sch.

6 para. 9.

25, s. 26 (1), sch.

6 para. 10.

24, s. 26 (1), sch. 6 para. 27.

5.1. Nos. 1338, 1699, 1812.

48, s. 42 (3), sch. 5 Pt. 1.

48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. II. 48, s. 42 (3), sch. 5 Pt. I.

5.1. No. 1095.

5.1. No. 1356.

2 R

xlvi

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Eliz. 2: r 26, s. 10 (2).

c. 1 National Insurance Act, . 4(1) am. ... 1 (6 Eliz. 2). s. 8

1954. (2). 1 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 2

Sch. 3 Pt. V superseded

(1). 1 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 2

Sch. 4 superseded

(2).

c. 15 Finance Act, 1955 . 2 (5) rep 49, s. 42 (5).

sch. 9 PL 111.

c. 18 Army Act, 1955 Cont. until 31.12.58 ... .I. No. 2221.

Restr. (" colony ") \ 6, s. 4 (2). 60, s. 2(1), sch. 1

I para. 2 (I).

Pt. I (ss. 1-23) am. (con- 50, s. 1.

ditions of enlistment). Ss. 5 excl., 8 (5) mod. ... 50, s. 1 (7).

. 17 (2) excl 50, s. 1 (9).

. 57 (3) am. 53, s. 136. sch. 5.

. 70 (3) (a)am. 11, s. 9(2).

. 74 (4) am. and rep. in 53, s. 136, sch. 5.

pt. (prosp.).

. 179 ext. {prosp.) . 201 excl. (prosp.) 53, s. 113(1). 53, ss. 112 (2X

113 (2), schs. 1 para. 3, 2 para. 6.

. 218 rep 60, ss. 2(1), 4(2),

sch. 1 para. 2 (1), sch. 2.

. 225 (1) am. (" Com- f monwealth force "). | 6, s. 4 (2). 60, s. 2 (1), sch. I para. 2 (2).

Sch. 7 paras. 12 am. 53, s. 136, sch. 5.

(prosp.), 12A added (prosp.).

c. 19 Air Force Act, 1955 ... Cont. until 31.12.58 ... .I. No. 2222.

Restr. (" colony ") 6, s. 4 (2). 60, s. 2 (1), sch. I

I para. 2 (1).

. 57 (3) am. (prosp.) ... 53, s. 136, sch. 5.

. 70 (3) (a)am. ll.s. 9(2).

. 74 (4) am. (prosp.) and 53, s. 136. sch. 5.

rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 179 ext. (prosp.) . 201 excl. (prosp.) 53, s. 113 (1). 53, s. 113 (2).

sch. 2 para. 6. 60, ss. 2(1), 4(2).

. 216 rep

sch. 1 para. 2 (1), sch. 2.

. 223 (1) am. (" Com- f monwealth force "). 1 6, s. 4 (2). 60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1 para. 2 (2).

c. 20 Revision of the Army and Sch. 2 para. 1 rep. (prosp.) 53, s. 137 (1)

Air Force Acts (Transi- sch. 6.

tional Provisions) Act, r 6, s. 4 (2).

1955. Sch. 2 para. 1 (2) am. 60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1

I para. 2 (3).

Sch. 2 paras. 6 (3), 7 rep. 53, s. 137 (1),

(prosp.). . 23 (3) am. in pt. sch. 6.

c. 21 Crofters (Scotland) Act, 59, s. 10 (7).

1955. Sch. 1 para. 3 rep. 20, s. 14 (IV

I sch. 4 Pt. 1.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xlvii

Chapter of 1957

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

3 &4 Eliz. 2:

c. 24 Requisitioned Houses and . 4 saved 25, s. 11 (5).

Housing (Amendment) . 4 (2) am 25, s. 22 (2).

Act, 1955. . 4 (2) (b) rep. in pt. ... 25, ss. 22 (2), 26

(3), sch. 8 Pt. I. 25, s. 22 (2). 25, ss. 22 (2), 26

. 4 (3) am rep. in pt.

(3), sch. 8 Pt. I. 56, s. 190, sch. 10. 38, s. 28 (2)

. 13 (2) am . 16 rep.

sch. 3.

4 Eliz. 2:

c. 17 Finance (No. 2) Act, . 2 appl. (mod.) 49, s. 29 (4),

1955. sch. 7.

4 A 5 Eliz. 2:

c. 8 County Courts Act, 1955. Sch. 1 para. 1 (e) rep. ... 27, s. 88 (1),

sch. 3.

c. 9 Rating and Valuation . 8 (2) (b) expld. 17, s. 1 (6).

(Miscellaneous Provi- . 12 rep. 25, s. 26 (3),

sions) Act, 1955. Sch. 3 am sch. 8 Pt. 1. 17, s. 3.

Sch. 5 expld 17, s. 1 (6).

c. 16 Food and Drugs Act, . 109 (3) excl .I. No. 1066.

1955. . 115 appl. (mod.) .I. No. 1880,

. 133 (2) rep reg. 5 (2). 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 23 Leeward Islands Act, . 3(1) expld. .I. No. 1364,

1956 art. 4 (8).

c. 25 Therapeutic Substances Sch. 1 am. .I. No. 550.

Act, 1956.

c. 29 Dentists Act, 1956 Rep., except s. 16 (9) and 28, s. 51 (1),

except, in s. 37 (1), the short title. sch. 2.

c. 30 Food and Drugs (Scot- . 46 appl. (mod.) .I. No. 1880,

land) Act, 1956. reg. 5 (2).

. 58 (4) rep. in pt. 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 33 Housing Subsidies Act, . 4 (1) ext 56, s. 114 (1).

1956. . 12 (5) rep., sch. 1 para. 56, s. 191 (1),

c. 34 Criminal Justice Admini- 9 rep. in pt. . 4 (35(a) rep sch. 11. 20, s. 14 (1),

stration Act, 1956. sch. 4 Pt I.

. 4 (4) rep 46, s. 3 (2), sch. 2.

. 4 (5) am 46, s. 2(1).

. 10 (2) (b)am. 46, s. 1 (6).

c. 41 Solicitors (Amendment) . 2 (6). Apptd. day .I. No. 1194.

Act, 1956. (14.7.57). Rep., except s. 2 (4) and 3 5* 8 P

para. 5 of sch. 1. sch. 3.

c. 46 Administration of Justice Apptd. day for s. 15 .I. No. 1179.

Act, 1956. (1.10.57). Apptd. day for sch. 1 .I. No. 306.

(1.3.57).

c. 48 Sugar Act, 1956 . 2 (5) rep 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

. 17 ext 57, s. 4.

. 17 (8) rep . 33 (5) rep. in pt. 57, s. 36 (1) (a), sch. 4 Pt. I. 20, s. 14 (1),

sch. 4 Pt. I.

2 R 2

xlviii

Effect of Legislation

5 & 6 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

4 & 5 Eliz. 2.

c. 50 Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1956. Sch. para. 6 rep. in pt. Sch. para. 8 superseded Sch. para. 12 rep. in pt. 26, s. 6 (5). 1 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 2 (2). 26, s. 6 (5).

c. 52 Clean Air Act, 1956 ... . 11 excl. (E.) excl. (.) 5.1. No. 541. 5.1. No. 544.

c. 54 Finance Act, 1956 Pt. IV appl. (mod.) . 35 ext. and expld. ... . 42 ext . 42 (1) mod. {temp.) ... . 42 (2) (a) am. (E.) (.) . 42 (4) (6) appl. 49, s. 29 (4X sch. 7. 49, s. 39. 48, s. 15. 9, s. 1 (1) (a). 48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. n. 48, s. 25 (3).

c. 57 Slum Clearance (Compensation) Act, 1956. Ss. 1,2 rep. in pt., 3,4 (1) rep., 4 (2), 6 (1) rep. in pt. 56, s. 191 (1), sch. 11.

c. 60 Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1956. . 15 appl . 26 (2) saved 49, s. 19 (1 17, s. 4 (3).

c. 64 Governors* Pensions Act, 1956. Rep 62, s. 18 (2), sch.

c. 67 Road Traffic Act, 1956... Apptd. day fixed for certain specified sections. . 32 (1) ext (E.) rep. in pt. . 41 rep. . 50 (1) (b)rep. . 50 (2) (6) am. Sch. 8 paras. 6 (1) (2) (4), 7, 8 rep. .I. Nos. 3, 185, 1389, 1840. 29, s. 2. 51, s. 21 (1), sch. 51, s. 21 (1) sch. 51, s. 21 (1), sch. 51, s. 20. 51, s. 21 (1), sch.

c. 68 Restrictive Trade Practices Act, 1956. . 7 (1). Functions of Board of Trade transfd. to Minister of Power. .I. No. 95.

c. 74 Copyright Act, 1956 ... Apptd. day for whole Act (1.6.57). Pts. I, II (exc. s. 14) appl. . 23 (3) rep .31 (l)expld. (Caribbean and N.A. territories). . 31 (1) (<*) ()expld. ... Sch. 7 para. 39 (2) excl.] {prosp.). ] 5.1. No. 863. 5.1. No. 1523, art 1. 20, s. 14 (IX sch. 4 Pt I. 5.1. No. 1364, art. 4 (5). 60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1 para. 14. 6, s. 4 (4), sch. 2 para. 12 (3). 60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1 para. 15.

c. 76 Medical Act, 1956 Ss. 56 (3) rep. in pt., sch. 1 para. 7 (2) rep. 20, s. 14 (IX sch. 4 Pt. I.

5 A 6 Eliz. 2:

c. 2 Hydrocarbon Oil Duties (Temporary Increase) Act, 1956. Temporary increases ended. .I. No. 620.

c. 6 Ghana Independence Act, 1957. . 4 (2) rep. in pt. {prosp.) 53, s. 137 (IX sch. 6.

c. 11 Homicide Act, 1957 Ss. 8 (2) rep., 9 (2) rep in pt. {prosp.). 53, s. 137 (1), sch. 6.

A.D. 1957

Effect of Legislation

xlix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1957 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

5 & 6 Eliz. 2:

c. 15 Nurses Act, 1957 Sch. 1 para. 14, sch. 2 para. 7, sch. 3 para. 11, sch. 4 para. 11 rep. 20, s. 14 (1), sch. 4 Pt. I.

c. 17 Rating and Valuation Act, 1957. . 2 expld. and am. 48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. II.

c. 18 Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act, 1957. . 5 ext .I. No. 1359.

c. 20 House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1957. Sch. 1 Pt. II am. f 48, s. 42 (1), sch. 4 Pt. II. 57, s. 34.

c. 22 White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1957. . 1 (1) (4) (5). Apptd. day (17.4.57). .I. No. 693.

c. 25 Rent Act, 1957 . 5 ext . 5 (3) excl . 20 (1) am Sch. 6 para. 22 rep. 25, s. 18. 25, s. 18 (4). 56, s. 190, sch. 10. 56, s. 191 (1), sch. 11.

c. 26 National Insurance Act, Apptd. days fixed for .I. Nos. 989,

1957. certain specified provisions. . 2 (1) expld . 2 (3) proviso saved ... . 5 (3) (b)am 1287, 1799, 2178. 5.1. No. 2146. 5.1. No. 1319, reg. 5. 1 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 2 (3), sch. 4.

c. 27 Solicitors Act, 1957 Apptd. day (15.7.57) ... .I. No. 1194.

c. 34 National Health Service Apptd. day (2.9.57) .I. No. 1326.

Contributions Act, 1957. Sch. 3 superseded 1 (6 Eliz. 2), s. 2 (1).

c. 36 Cheques Act, 1957 . 4 appl. .I. Nos. 1733, 1734, 1764, 1780, 2182.

c. 49 Finance Act, 1957 .5. Apptd. day (1.9.57) .I. No. 1475.

c. 53 Naval Discipline Act, 1957. Ss. 126 restr., 127 (3) rep. . 135 (1) am 60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1 para. 2 (1). 60, s. 2 (1), sch. 1 para. 2 (2).

c. 57 Agriculture Act, 1957 ... . 10 (2). Apptd. day (30.11.57) 30 (1) (2). Apptd. day (7.10.57) 30 (3). Apptd. day (4.12.57) . 5.1. No. 2026. 5.1. No. 1721. 5.1. No. 2078.

6 Eliz. 2:

c. 1 National Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1957. Apptd. days fixed for certain provisions ... Sch. 6 para. 1 (1) mod. 5.1. No. 2073. 5.1. Nos. 2074, reg. 3(1), 2077, reg. 20 (1).

2 R 3

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND

CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES OF 1957

[Index removed.]

